The

Statutes at Large,

From the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD

To the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time.

With a COPIOUS INDEX.

VOLUME the TWELFTH.

LONDON:

Printed by Charles Eyre and William Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by W. Strahan and M. Woodfall, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXXVI.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 16 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act to enable his Majesty for a limited Time to call out and assemble the Militia in all Cases of Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the Parliament in the Cases and Manner therein mentioned.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

5. An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the Loading and discharging, Lading or Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay; and also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the Cases, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

б. An Act for giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans; and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within one Degree of the Northern Pole.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited lime; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland: And also another Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

9. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act to enable his Majesty, to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's Dominions in America an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to his Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

12. An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Grease.

13. An Act for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury-lane, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

15. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places; and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch within such Parts of the said parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London.

16. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by three Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

17. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn from Benthall, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same.

18. An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by his present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

20. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

21. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County; and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wallbridge aforesaid.

22. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick.

23. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and setting down Mooring Posts upon the Banks or High Marshes within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Marshes within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour.

24. An Act for vesting certain Estates, now held in Trust for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty's Letters Patent.

25. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances and Obstructions therein.

26. An Act for lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark.

27. An Act for better cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the Tithing of Colliton Row, in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Footways and repairing certain Horseways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways and repairing the Horseways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tithing, from being thatched.

28. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens upon Pensnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford.

29. An Act for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Composition or Cement of his Invention, throughout His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a limited time.

30. An Act more effectually to prevent the stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose.

31. An Act for securing a Fund belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes.

32. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Rail Way from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County; and to make other Rail Ways.

33. An Act to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the landing certain Commodities on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay and proper Places for landing and storing the same; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire within the said Port of Bristol; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds and other Deeds; and upon Cards, Dice and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities.

35. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and seventy six.

36. An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried on within the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall.

37. An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles.

38. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Reliefs of Bankrupts, in certain Cases.

39. An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; which relates to the countersinking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains and other Carriages, to be used on Turnpike Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act, with respect to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gauge of Six Inches or upwards.

40. An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions, specified in the Act, relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorise and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments.

41. An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited time.

42. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain and Flour, imported into the Port of Preston, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain and Flour is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

43. An Act to authorise, for a limited time, the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

45. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Purpose.

47. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

48. An Act for allowing further time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty), to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom; and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds.

49. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for giving further Relief to the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders and other Orders, lost, burnt or destroyed.

50. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

51. An Act for granting further time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Muslins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Years One thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and One thousand seven hundred and seventy four; for allowing further time to the said Company to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

52. An Act to declare His Majesty's natural born Subjects inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

53. An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the same; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island.

54. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.

55. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Land belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof.

56. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating and lighting the Streets, Lanes and public Passages there; and for widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes and Passages.

57. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and for removing all Encroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

58. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chatham, as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town.

59. An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

60. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty's, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane, called Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the said County.

61. An Act for erecting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and Landmarks in or near the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester; and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively.

62. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General Vallies.

63. An Act for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of Manchester; and for opening new Streets or Passages within the said Town.

64. An Act for draining, embanking and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds called The Parts and Alderlots, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon.

65. An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent to Bishop's Meadow, within the Liberty of Garenton, in the County of Leicester; and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from thence, near, or up, and into The Rushes, at Loughborough, in the said County.

66. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal within and from certain Lands, belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called Black Delph, upon Pensnet Chase, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

67. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Basingstoke through Popham Lane, Sutton, Scotney and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Spittlehouse over Weyhill to Mullen's Pond, in the said County of Southampton; as relates to the Roads from Basingstoke to Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts.

68. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the West Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belsay Mill and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanspeck, in the County of Northumberland.

69. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near to the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makemade Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said County.

70. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capel, Dorking, Mickleham and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey; and from Capel to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey.

71. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Redford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham.

72. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath, to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham Lane, to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourn, to the Town of Colsterworth; and from Donnington High Bridge, to the Cross Post, in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln.

73. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from the said County of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of Derby.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty Second and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge, to a Gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn.

75. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Cross in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

76. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual, An Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first mentioned Act; and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge Wash, and for watching, lighting and watering the said Roads.

77. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead at Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

78. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, explaining and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Twenty sixth of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned in the County of Worcester, and for repealing so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford Bridge to a certain House at Red Marley, in the Parish of Great Witley, in the said County, and for putting the same under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first mentioned Act; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned.

79. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament respecting Roads near the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon.

80. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester; so far as the same relates to the Road from Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the said City of Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

83. An Act for repairing, widening and altering the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elsdon High Cross, near the Town of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North East Side of the River Reed, through Overacres, Elishaw and Cateleugh, to the Red Swyre upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 16 Georgii III.

1. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Molling and John George Bindheisen.

2. An Act for naturalizing Peter Henry Balemann.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right Honourable Wellbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Martin Fushs.

5. An Act for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rougemont.

6. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ten Breeke.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground in the Parishes of Bonsall, Wirksworth and Matlock, in the County of Derby.

8. An Act for naturalizing Nis Nissen and Christopher Gabriel Merwade.

9. An Act for naturalizing John William Paul and Claes Grill.

10. An Act for naturalizing Charles Quist.

11. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, Middlesex, Berks and Sussex, and in the City of London (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates devised by the Will of George Bowes Esquire, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Messuage, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act for vesting the Advowson of the Rectory of Pewsey, in the County of Wilts (Part of the Estate comprized in the Marriage Settlement of Stephen late Lord Holland, deceased), in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in finishing and completing a Mansion House at Winterslow, in the same County.

13. An Act for vesting certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, together with a Capital Messuage built on Part thereof, devised by the Will of Sir John Hales Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to assign the same to Henry Herbert Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Consideration Money in such Manner as in the Act is mentioned.

14. An Act to subject and charge the Prebend of Marston Saint Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, and the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the Payment of Two several perpetual yearly Rent Charges to Doctor Everard Buckworth, and his Successors in the said Prebend; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the same, so charged, in John Blencowe Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North Witham, in the County of Lincoln.

16. An Act for exchanging certain Lands, in the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwicke with Upthorpe, for other Lands, in the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Huntingdon, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Townships of Asterby and Goulceby, in the County of Lincoln.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and also a certain Parcel or Tract of Common and Waste Land called The Link, and other Common and Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Leigh otherwise Ley, in the County of Worcester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Common Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Liddington and Hamlet of Medbourn, in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Hamlets, Precincts or Liberties of Blackburn, in the Parish of Ambrosden, in the County of Oxford.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Desborough, in the County of Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Raithby, near Spilsby, in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rushton Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Michael's otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the County of Nottingham.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odel, in the County of Bedford.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Warmington, in the County of Warwick.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of Elstree otherwise Idlestree, in the County of Hertford.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham.

30. An Act for enabling the Honourable George Hobart to inclose the Heath Lands, Field Lands and Low Commons, or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Nocton, in the County of Lincoln; and for vesting the Glebe Lands, Vicarial Tithes, and Right of Common, belonging to the Vicarage of Nocton aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a Compensation to the Vicar of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Crich and Southwinfield, in the County of Derby.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashwood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste Land, in the Manor and Parish of Clewer, in the County of Berks; and for vesting the same in his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, his Heirs and Assigns, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorsington, in the County of Gloucester.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Vill, Hamlet or Township of Little Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn, and County of Lancaster.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford.

38. An Act to enable Francis Ferrand Moore Esquire, now called Francis Fernand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased.

39. An Act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith only, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith Esquire, deceased.

40. An Act for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff and John Adam Hecker.

41. An Act for naturalizing John Liardet.

42. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Vialletes Bastide.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Hoffman.

44. An Act for vesting several detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir James Ibbetson Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for impowering Richard Hoare Esquire, the surviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary Arnold, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement at Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, and the Household Goods and Furniture thereunto belonging, vested in him by the said Will, upon certain Trusts therein expressed; and to invest the Money, to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the County of Bucks.

47. An Act for ascertaining the landed Property, as well of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Mary the Virgin at Worcester, as of others, situate in the Hamlet of Charlton, in the Parish of Crepthorn, in the County of Worcester; and for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the same Hamlet.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Hamlets of Barton and Martcleeve, in the Parish of Bidford, and County of Warwick.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land within the Parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hinksey otherwise Ferry Hinksey, in the County of Berks.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmoreland.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Bruntingthorpe, in the County of Leicester.

53. An Act for dividing, apportioning and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln.

54. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sarah Owen Spinster, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

55. An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Nicholas Wrigglesworth, and Ayscoghe Wrigglesworth, his eldest Son, from the Payment of a yearly Sum of Thirty five Pounds, given by Sir Edward Barkham, long since deceased, to charitable Uses, and of and from other Incumbrances; and for charging the same respectively upon a competent Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas Wrigglesworth and his Son; and for vesting the Residue thereof in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses agreed to be thereof limited, in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Jacob Hinde Esquire, with Anne Thayer, now Anne Hinde, his Wife, with Power to make such Leases thereof as in the said Act are mentioned.

57. An Act for vesting a Leasehold Messuage, in Grosvenor Square, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, bequeathed by the Will of Edward Rudge Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act to enable William Clayton Esquire, during his Life, and the Guardians of his Infant Children after his Decease, to make building and improving Leases of certain Lands and Premises, Part of the Manor of Kensington, in the County of Surrey, held by Letters Patent from His Majesty, as Part of the Dutchy of Cornwall; and to raise Money for Payment of the Fines and Expences of renewing the said Letters Patent, and for defraying the Expences to attend the granting such building and improving Leases.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex and Sussex, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses.

60. An Act to discharge certain Lands, heretofore Part of the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Eyre Esquire, deceased, situate within the Lordship of High Peak, in the County of Derby, from the Payment of a certain Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds a Year; and for securing the same on other Parts of the said Estate.

61. An Act for enabling the Trustees named in the Will of William Sterne, deceased, to sell and convey a Leasehold Estate, vested in them by the said Will, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, to George Hodgkinson Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

62. An Act for enabling Christopher Sykes Esquire, to raise Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon divers Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmere, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said Christopher Sykes, on the Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his Wife, in lieu of her Life Estate in Part of the same Lands and Grounds; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures within the several Townships of Stonegrave, Westness and Nunnington, in the North Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Moor, called Wooller Common, in the Parish of Wooller, in the County of Northumberland.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickleford, in the County of Hertford.

66. An Act for dividing, inclosing and improving the Waste and Common Grounds in the Township of Stainburne, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows and Pastures, within the Township of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of land within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the County of Northampton.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Yelvertoft, in the County of Northampton.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Clipston and Newbold otherwise Nobald, in the County of Northampton.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Clarebrough and Welham, in the Parish of Clarebrough, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands within the Parish and Liberties of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, called Crowcombe, Heathfield and Heddon, and Parcel of Quantock Hills within the Parish of Crowcombe, in the County of Somerset.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Woods and Average Grounds, Ings, Marshes, Carrs, Commons and other Waste Lands and Grounds within the several Manors and Parishes of Cawood and Wislow, in the County of York.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields. Lands and Grounds within the Lordships and Parish of South and, North Killingholme, in the County of Lincoln.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, of the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms, Breaches, Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Coney Weston, in the County of Suffolk.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Iston, in the County of Monmouth.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor of Mulgrave, within the Parish of Lyth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Yardley Hastings, in the County of Northampton.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Amotherby, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pasture and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Welby, in the County of Lincoln.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, a certain Common or Uninclosed Piece or Parcel of Commonable Land or Ground within the Manor or Parish of West Horndon, in the County of Essex.

83. An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screveton, in the County of Nottingham; and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

84. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Elliot Doctor in Physic, with Grace Dalrymple his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

85. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Horneck Esquire, with Sarah Keppel his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Williams with Ann Lantware his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act to amend an Act, made and passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable John Medows the elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald Widow, deceased; and also to enable John Medows, eldest Son of the said John Medows (now John Theobald), and the Heirs of his Body, to take the said Surname, and bear the said Arms of Theobald.

88. An Act for naturalizing Henry Lawrence Zinck.

89. An Act for naturalizing John Alexander De Morsier.

90. An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhausen.

91. An Act for naturalizing Marie Magdelaine Chevalier.

92. An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of the Most Noble Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kesleven, in the County of York, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and other Part of the said settled Estates; and for purchasing of Estates, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Free School House, Dwelling House for the Master and Usher, Close, and other Premises thereto belonging, in Courtenhall, in the County of Northampton, in Sir William Wake Baronet, and his Heirs, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

94. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Sir Charles Whitworth, in the County of Somerset; and for exonerating the same, and his Estates in the County of Kent, from the Portions of his younger Children, provided by his Marriage Settlement.

95. An Act to enable William Masterman and Thomas Francis, Esquires, to make a Title to certain Leasehold and Copyhold Estates of Thomas Nuthall Esquire, deceased.

96. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates late of John Leigh Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages, and other Debts, to which the said Estates are liable; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Robert Dolman Esquire, and Robert Dolman the younger, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

98. An Act for vesting an Estate in the County of Middlesex, which was settled by Richard Onslow Esquire, deceased, on his Marriage with Poolley Walton, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to Matthew Winter and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and for investing the Purchase Money in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles Vere Dashwood Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and during his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Upsold Gentleman, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

101. An Act for vesting Two sixth Parts of the Estates late of Stanhope Mason Gentleman, deceased, in England and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof.

102. An Act for vesting several Estates late of Samuel Shepheard of Exning, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs and Commonable Grounds, in the Tithings or Liberties of Eastbury otherwise Istbury, and Blagrove in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands of and within the Parish and Liberties of Crick, in the County of Northampton.

105. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck, within the Parish and Liberties of Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Stinted Pastures and Common Moors or Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Corbridge, in the County of Northumberland.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs and other Open Lands and Grounds within the Township of Foston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds within the Township of Bilton, in the County of York.

109. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury Baronet, with the Right Honourable Lady Sarah Lenox his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

110. An Act for revesting Part of the Real and Personal Estates of the Most Noble George Duke of Saint Albans in him; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

111. An Act for vesting the Real Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Lord Montfort, situate in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Woods, Underwoods, Timber and other Trees growing and being thereon, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold and disposed of in manner therein mentioned; and for applying the Monies to arise Sale thereof in the manner therein also mentioned.

112. An Act for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late belonging to Sir John Abdy Baronet, deceased, at Bishop's Canning, in the County of Wilts, and of Timber Trees growing on his Estates in the County of Essex, and also of his Medals and Coins, for paying off and discharging certain Incumbrances affecting his Real Estates in Essex; and for laying out the Residue of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as his Estates in Essex now stand settled by his Will.

113. An Act for laying out the Money to arise by Sale of certain Messuages, situate in Cheapside, in the City of London, devised by the Will of Edmund Estcourt Esquire, deceased, to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a Mansion House upon the settled Estates late of the said Edmund Estcourt, at Shipton Moyne and Dovel, in the County of Gloucester, together with the Materials of the ancient Mansion House now standing thereon.

114. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Peter John Heywood Esquire in the Isle of Man, called The Nunnery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled in lieu of the said Estates in the Isle of Man, intended to be sold.

115. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton and Norfolk, the Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates, late of John Albert Bentinck Esquire, deceased, in Trustees in Trust, to sell, mortgage or exchange any Part or Parts thereof; and for applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and making Buildings and Improvements on the said Estates, and in completing Purchases of Lands agreed for by the said John Albert Bentinck, and for other Purposes; and for laying out the Residue of such Money in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are now subsisting concerning the same.

116. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Henry Stapilton Esquire, at Wighill, in the County of the City of York, in the said Henry Stapilton, in Fee Simple; and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Henry Stapilton, lying contiguous to and interspersed with the Remainder of the said settled Estates, and also the Tithes thereof and of such Remainder, to the same Uses.

117. An Act to enable certain Persons, during the successive Minorities of Sir William Molesworth Baronet, and his Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Sir William Morice Baronet, deceased.

118. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, late belonging to John Smith Esquire, deceased in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

119. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Corsemichael, called Greenlaw, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of Isabel Gordon of Culvennan, Widow of William Gordon of Greenlaw, Esquire, for her Life, and to and in favour of Alexander Gordon of Culvennan Esquire, her eldest Son, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty two, by John Macculloch of Barholm, and Jean Gordon his Wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander Gordon and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Culvennan, and others, lying in the County of Wigton, together with the Sum of One thousand nine hundred and seventy one Pounds Sterling.

120. An Act to enable John Whitfield Esquire to charge Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Northampton, in the manner therein mentioned.

121. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hatherop, in the County of Gloucester, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands more conveniently situated, the Property of Samuel Blackwall Esquire, in the Hamlet of Williamstrip, adjoining to the said Parish of Hatherop.

122. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend John Jenkins Clerk, with Mary Jenkins his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

THE

STATUTES at Large,&c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Fiance, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; being the seventh Session of the thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

3s.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

CAP. V.

An Act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney.

[Preamble. Act 13 Geo. 3.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That whenever the Price of middling British Wheat, at any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from whence the same should be intended to be exported, should appear to be at or above the Price of Forty-four Shillings per Quarter, such Price being ascertained in Manner in the said Act before mentioned, no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure so to be, out of or from any such Port or Place; or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, or Malt, Bread,

Biscuit, or Starch, made of Wheat; and whenever the Price of middling British Rye, Pease, or Beans, or of middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or of middling British Oats, should respectively appear at such Port or Place to be at or above the several distinct Prices in the said Act particularly mentioned, no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry or convey, or

2 c. 5. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

---

cause so to be, or load or lay on board, in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported

or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Rye, Pease, or Beans, ground or unground, or any Bread or Biscuit made of Rye, Pease, or Beans respectively, or any Barley, Beer, or Bigg respectively, or any Oats or Oatmeal, or Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Oats, under the several Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act particularly mentioned and inflicted: And whereas it is necessary at all Times to export Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Malt, Flour, Oatmeal, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants thereof;' may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act* it shall and may be lawful to mip and export, from the Port of London only. Wheat and Meal* Flour, Brdad, Biscuit, and Starch, made of Wheat, not exceeding in the Whole Two Thousand Quarters in any Ofle Year, to be tompfrted in the Manner herein-after directed\ and from the said Port of London, and all and every other Port or Place in Great Britain, all and every other Sorts of Corn and Grain, Pease and Beans, ground or unground, Malt and Oatmeal, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies; so as the Exporter do, before the shipping or laying on board the same, declare (he Goiany-or Colonies for which the fnd Commodities, trr -either of them, are respectively designed, and* become bound with other sufficient Security, in Treble the Value thereof, to the Commissioners, or Chief Officer or Officers, of His Majesty's Customs, belonging to the Port or Place where the same shall be shipped or put on board, (who hath or have hereby Power to take fich Security in His Majesty's Name, and to His Majesty's Use), that such Commodities shall not be landed or sold in any Ports whatsoever other than the said Colony or Colonies for which the same shall be so declared; and that a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no such, of the Naval Officer, or some of the principal Officers of the Port where the same shall be landed, shall, within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds, (the Danger of the Seas excepted), be returned to the Officers who took the said Bonds, that the said Commodities have been landed at the Port or Place for which the same shall be so declared $ and for the taking of such Security, and for giving such Certificates (which the respective Officers aforesaid are hereby, on Demand, required to give), no Fee or Reward shall be demanded or received: And if any Officer shall make any false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, such Officers shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be# incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or Successora, in any Office relating to the Customs; and if any Person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify any such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, t>r false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall be void, and of no Effect; which said Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be recovered in the same Courts, and in the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act are recoverable: And for Offences committed in the Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be recovered in th.e High Court of Admiralty, or in any Chief Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction in such respective Colonies or Plantations; and shall be divided into equal Moieties between His Majesty and the informer: And the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within three Years, shall be void; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

eighteen Calendar Months; without Fee or Reward. Penalty for making a false Certificate, and for falsifying a Certificate. How be recovered. Bondi to be void, if not prosecuted within three yean,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Exportation of the said Commodities, or any of them, shall, by the said Act, be permitted; then, and in such Case, no such Bond shall be required upon the Exportation to the said Colonies of such of them as shall be fp permitted.

Wheat, Meal,

Floor, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch, not exceeding 2000 Quarters in oae Year, from the Port of London only, and all Sorts of Grain, from other Ports and Places in Great Britain, may be exported to his Majesty's Colonies in America, in any oae Year; the Exporter be* fore the Shipping, declaring the Colony to which such Commodities are designed; and find sufficient Security, that the said Commodities be landed in no other Place than in the said Colonies.

A Certificate to be returned, under the Hand and Seal of the Officer of the Customs at the Port where -landed, within Penalties are to

When the Exportation of the said Commodities shall be permitted by the said Act, no Bond shall be required.

Proviso.

Nothing in Act 13 Geo. 3. to extend to prohibit any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, &c. from Southampton to |erfey and Guernsey.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when any Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation of the said Commodities, or any of them, the same Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation thereof to the said Colonies under the Regulations, Provisions, and Restrictions, in the said Act mentioned.

IV. And whereas by the said recited Act, it was (amongst Other Things) provided, That nothing thereinbefore contained should extend to jarohibit the several Articles therein-after expressed being exported out of and from the respective Ports in this Kingdom therein-after mentioned, to the several Places therein-after mentioned; that is to say (amongst others), from the Port of Southampton to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, not exceeding five thousand Quarters: And whereas it is necessary that the said Provision should be extended to the Island of Alderney, and Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, are likewise requisite for the Stiftenance and Use of the Inhabitants of those Islands; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend to prohibit the being exported from the Port of Southampton, and firorti no other, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, or any or either of them, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants thereof, any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, Malt, or of Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, in the same Manner, and under the same Limitations and Restrictions, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if the said Island of Alderney, and the said Articles of Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, had been originally inserted in the said recited Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding

[Inhabitants of Guernsey, Jersey, or Aldci-

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons inhabiting in the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, to ship and lade, at

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5, 6, 7. 3

or in any or either of the said Islands, and to transport directly from thence to Newfoundland\ or to any ney, fhayflup other of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, where the Fishery is now or shall hereafter be Jj®1® carried on, on board any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trad£ there, the Whole or any Part of the tation" where said Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, Malt, Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, fit and necessary for the Fishery the ylftery i* in those Parts, or for the Use and Support of the Mariners, or other Persons employed on board the carried oi», Vessels, or on Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery there, in the same Manner, and under the same Li- wheat. Meal, nutations and Restrictions, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as prescribed in and by an Act ^ffaryfor the made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the Inhabitants fishery in those of Jersey tfW Guernsey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Pam, ijoods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restriction1, and to import from thence nan-numerated Goods, (ex- under the Li-cept Rum), and to land the same in the said Islands, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted of

in the Body of this present Act; any Thing in either of the said recited Acts, or any other Law or A 9°c0, Statute, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in carrying this Act into Execution, 4®oCwt. Avoir,

four hundred Weight Avoirdupoise of Meal, and three hundred Weight avoirdupois of Flour, Bread, ditto of

Biscuit, and Starch, made of Wheat, shall be computed, deemed, and taken as, and equal to, one Quar- ^ou5f>

ter of Wheat. &c. to' be deem-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in Force during such *d one Quarter.

Time as the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall have Continuance* Continuation of

r this Act,

CAP. VI.

An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty's Dominions in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

[13 Geo. 3. x

intituled, An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America; which Act was to continue and be in Force in all His Majesty's Dominions in America, from the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, until the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five: And whereas it has been found necessary that the said Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of His Majesty's

Reign should be continued for a further Time5' may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall be, and the same are hereby continued, until the twenty- Further contU fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-(ix. JJ®* £nt51

CAP. VII.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, in the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS the Streets and Lanes within the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the Preamble County of Glamorgan, are very ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and, by Annoyances and Incroachments therein, rendered incommodious and dangerous: And whereas it will tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Cardiff or Liberties thereof,

and be of great publick Utility to the Persons resorting thereto, and travelling through the same, if the

Streets, Lanes, and publick railages, were properly widened, paved, cleansed, lighted, and kept, clear

and free from Annoyances and Incroachments: But as the same cannot be remedied and effected without the Aid of Parliament,' may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable John Stuartf commonly called "Lord Viscount Mountstuart, the Honourable George Commission* Perusbles Vernon, Sir Charles Remys Tynte Baronet, Thomas Edwards of Cardiff, William Edwards of Ntmet. Cardiff, the Reverend Powell Edwards Rector of Neath, Thomas French of Cardff Marmaduke Gtvyn of Roatn, Bartholomew Greeniucod of Cardff, William Hurst of Gabalva, Richard Jenkins of Cardiff, the Reverend Owen Jenkins Vicar of Cardiff, the Reverend William Llewellin Rector- of Saint George's,

Phillip Lewis of ljanrumney, Thomas Lewis of Llanijhen House, Henry Lewis the elder of Cardiff, Herbert Jblackworth of the Gnoll, Francis Minnit of Cardiff, Thomas Mathews of Llandaff, Charles Morgan of JRuprrra, John Morgan of Ruperra, Cradock Nowell of Cardiff, William Richards, Powell of Genatir Glynn,

William Powell of Cardiff, John Priest, David Prichards Alexander Parcel, Michael Richards, William Richards, the elder, William Richards, the younger, John Richards, the elder, John Richards, the younger,

Robert Savours, John Thomas the elder, John Thomas the younger, all of Cardiff aforesaid; William Thomas of Llandaff, Thomas; Thomas of Cardiff, Edmund Trahern of Cathays, Henry Yeomans of Cardiff, the Reverend George Watkin Clerk, Arthur Williams of Cardiff, Bloom Williams, Henry Williams of

4 C. 7. Anno decimo quarto. Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

the same; the Constable of the Castle, the Bailiffs of the Town, the Aldermen, the Steward, and the Town Clerk of Cardiff for the Time being, and their Successors, (to be elected in Manner heretn-after mentioned), shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

On Death, &c. of Commissioners, others to be chosen.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Penalty on acting, if not q^a* hhcd«

Commissir net not toad wlulft he holds a Place of Profit.

Firfi Meeting of Commissioners.

Fower of Adjournment.

Commissioners to pay their own FxpeiK'S. Regulations to be made by Majority f Commissioners. Commissioners fray alter any Order under cer-tainRestrictions. Proceedings to be entered in Rooks,

II. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any of the said Commissioners, or in case of their Refusal or Neglect to a ft for the Space of two Years, such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to act* being declared at a publick Meeting, that then it shall and may be lawful for the surviving Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect by Ballot some other Person, qualified in the Manner after mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioners so dying, neglecting, or refusing to act, one Month's Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or by any seven or more of the said Commissioners, and affixed on the Door of the Guildhall of the said Town; and every Person so elected shall, from the Time of his Election, have the same Power and Authority for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be qualified*

or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in the aftuar Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear and yearly Value of fifty Pounds Freehold, within the County of Glamorgan; or shall be Heic Apparent of some Person having an Estate of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds Freehold, in the County of Glamorgan; or unless he be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, and Receipt of Rents and T Profits of Houses, Lands, or Tenements, of the clear yearly Value of ten Pounds Freehold, arising within the Limits of the said Town or Liberties thereof; or being an Inhabitant or Resident within the said Town or Liberties, (not having such Estate as aforesaid) unless he shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or possessed of a personal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds, after all Debts paid; nor unless he shall, at the first Meeting in which he shall act as Commissioner, deliver in, or Cause to be delivered in, a Certificate in Writing, signed by him, expressing his Qualification; which Certificate shall be filed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and an Entry made of their Names, and the Time when delivered, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, signed by the said Clerk: And if any Person not being so qualified, or not delivering such Certificate, or other Person appointed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every fud\

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same v

to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such unqualified Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he shall hold any Place of Profit by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required, to meet in the Guildhall of the said Town, on Monday the second Day of May next, between the Hours of ten and twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and then from Time to Time afterwards to adjourn themselves, and meet there, or at any Place within the said Town or Liberties thereof, as often as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, for putting this Act in Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to adjourn to any other Day, then, and as often as any such Case shall happen, the Clerk to the fi\iJ Commissioners shall and may adjourn such Meeting to that Day Fortnight, giving Notice thereof in the Parish Church of &taint John the Baptist within the said Town, six Days before such Meeting; or ilf there be no Clerk appointed, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall neglect or omit to adjourn, or any wrong Adjournment shall be made; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioner?, or any five or more of them, may, by publick Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the Door of the Guildhall of the said Town, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the then la ft Meeting was appointed to be held, at* any Time not Jess than three Days, or more than six Days next after any such Notice shall be given as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and may meet accordingly at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them, or the Majority of them, then and there present, shall appear necessary, for the better and more effectual carrying this Act into Execution: And the Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Charges anu Expeners.

VI. And be it enacted, That at: every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part of the Commissioners present, so as such major Part shall always consist at least of the respective Number of Commissioners by this Act limited for the respective Purposes therein mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at any Meeting, make, vary, alrcr, or make void, any such Orders, Rules, or Regulations, in such Manner as they shall think needful and proper.

VIII. Provided always, That no Order, Rule, or Regulation, made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, Cull be revoked, varied* altered, or made void, unless nine or more of the said Commissioner

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 5

shall concur in revoking, varying, altering, or making void the same; and no Act or Order of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unless done at some publick Meeting to be held in pursuanre of this Act:

And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause to be provided and kept Books, wherein the several Meeting1!, and Names of the Commissioners attending such Meetings, and the Nomination of all Officers and persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, and all Orders and Rules, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners at such Meetings, shall, from Time to Time, be fairly written and entered by their Clerk, or by such other Person as the major Part of the Commissioners then present at such Meeting (in case of the Absence of the Clerk) shall appoint; and the Commissioners present, and concurring in such Orders and Proceedings, together with the said Clerk or other Person, shall subscribe their Names at the End of the Proceedings of every such Meeting; and all such

, Entries, so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all causes*

Suits, and Actions, touching any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and all such Books shall, at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners, be liable to the Inspection of any Person rated and paying to the Rates which shall be made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, Coirnnlfllonn* from Time to Time, nominate and appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector appoint or Collectors, of the Money to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and also one or more officer>> Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer and Officers, Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and the said Com- remorq. missioners, or any five or more of them, may remove or displace all or any of the said Officers or other Per- their* fons, and nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons in the Room of him or them who shall be so removed, or shall die, provided twelve Days Notice of their Intention to remove or displace such Officer or Officers, and to appoint one or more Person or Persons in his or their Room, be given, in Writing, by affixing the same upon the Door of the Guildhall of the said Town; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, to take such Security, from Time to Time for the due Execution of the said Offices respectively, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think, proper; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowances to such Officer or Officers, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of the said Act* as to the Commissioners shall seem reasonable: And every Officer and other Person so to be appointed,

shall, under his Hand, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, a true and perfect Account, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by him received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the Commissioners, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in his Hands to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint: And Officer* to ©very Officer or Person, accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, tcauniuft* or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer), verify his Account, if required by any five or more of the said Commissioners so to do; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or to deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; then, in any of the Cases aforesaicT, any one or more Justice or Justices of the said Town of Cardiff, upon Complaint thereof made to him or them by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Summons, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, requiring such.

Officer or Person, so rtfufing or neglecting, to appear before him or them at such Time and Place as shall in such Summons be appointed; which Summons shall be directed to and served by one of the Constables of the said Town of Cardiff, by giving it to, or leaving it at, the House or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person; and, upon Such Officer or Person appearing or making Default, or not being to be found, the said Justice or Justices shall and may hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way: And if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of one or more credible Penahy on not Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and accounting. required to administer), it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the hands of such Officer or Person, or that such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath an Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers and Books relating to the same; such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be directed as aforesaid, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer and Person; and if the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the same, or in case such Account shall not be made and verified upon Oath as aforesaid, or such Vouchers and Books produced and delivered as aforesaid;. then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the Gaol of the said Town or Borough, until he shall make a true and perfcdl Account and Payment, and deliver up such Vouchers and Books, f as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them* and shall bave paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are impowered to make.

[Pavement and Lamps vested in Commissioners.]

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of the Pavement, Lamps, Lamp-irons, and Lamp-posts, to be erected and fixed as herein after mentioned, and all

the Cwunifliwefa*

Tarefnentt to be new made, &c.

Commissionm not obliged to repair Turnpike Roads,

No Person to alter Pavements without the Consent of Com-jaiftioncts.

6 C. 7. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

the Materials of the same respectively belonging; and the Property of the present and the future Pavement, as well in the Footways as in the Carriage-ways, in all and every the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages within the said Town of Cardiff^ and Liberties thereof, intended to be new paved, cleansed, and lighted, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid; and all the Sewers and Drains for conveying Water through and from the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any one or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk* or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy, any Part or Parts thereof, or any other Matter or Thing vested in the said Commissioners, as aforesaid: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any of the old and useless Materials to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom, shall, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be applied to such and the lame Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments, to be raised in and by this Act, are directed to be applied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered and authorised, from Time to Time, and at all Times, when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, to order or direct all or any of the Pavements in the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages now in being, or hereafter to be made, within the said Town of Cardiff\ or Liberties thereof* or any Part or Parts of such Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages, as well those used by Carriages as those used by Foot Passengers, to be taken up, and the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages to be paved, relayed, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, and to make, dig, sink, and build, proper Drains, Gutters, and Sewers, to be made for the conveying Water under Ground, and to place and put proper Iron Gratings thereon, or otherwise, when and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper (except as herein after is particularly mentioned); and the Person or Persons authorised and directed by them to do the same, have hereby full Power and Authority to do the same accordingly; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to make, fink, and build, the Watercourses, Gutters, and Drains, in the Street leading from the West or Mill-gate, through Castle Street, to the High Corner, and from the Weft or Mill-gate to Homanby Street, in the said Town of Cardiff\ and to pave and repair, light and cleanse the same, as soon as conveniently may be after passing this Act, and first and before any other Street, Lane, or other publick Passage, of the said Town or Liberties, in order that the Rain Water of the said Town or Liberties thereof may be more conveniently conveyed under Ground 5 and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have also full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into, the said Streets and Lanes, and other publick Passages, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials as shall be necessary, and also to take any Stones out of the River of Tass or any Wade within the said Town or Liberties, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing the Ends tod Defien of this Act.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impower or oblige the Commissioners to alter, repair, or cleanse (unless for the Purpose of making a good and convenient Footway or Croffings), any Carriage-way of any of the said Streets or Lanes which ought to be repaired at the Expence of any Commissioners for repairing and widening any Turnpike Road within the said Town or Liberties, or to repair the Thoroughs or Arches belonging to the Mill and Forge, or Copper-works, at Cardiff aforesaid, which majr be under the Pavements made by the Commissioners under this Act; but that the Proprietors of the said Mill, Forge, or Works, shall be at the sole Expence of repairing the same on all Occasions, when necessary, and of making good any Damage they may do to the Pavements made above those Arches and Thoroughs, by repairing the said Arches or Thoroughs.

XIII. Provided also, That if any Person shall, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, make, or cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of the Pavement of any Streets or Lanes, or publick Passages, within the said Town and Liberties thereof, without the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, the Person or Persons making, or causing the same so to be made, shall, at his and their own Costs and Charges, within fourteen Days after Notice, in Writing, given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Clerk, remove or take away the same, and put such Part of the said Street, Lane, or publick Passages, where the same shall have been made, in the same or like Form and Condition it was before the making the said Alteration; and in case of his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal so to do within such Time as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may order any proper Workman or Workmen to reinstate the same, and put the said Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages, in the same or like Form and Condition it was before; and upon Complaint made on Oath to one or more Justice or Justices of the said Town of such Neglect or Refusal, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by his or their Warrant, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and impowered to grant, to levy the Costs and Charges attending the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels or the Person or Persons who made, or caused to be made, such Alteration, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold, when demanded.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 7

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, commissionert or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to may make con. contract with any Person or Persons for the paving, relaying, repairing, railing, lowering, amending, j" altering, cleai.sing, and lighting, the said Streets, Lanes, and publick railages, within the said Town-

and Liberties; which Contract or Contracts shall spedify the Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time and Times when such Works shall be performed and completed, and the Manner of completing and performing the same, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the Commissioners or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works or Undertaking: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works, as they shall so contrail and agree for, out of the Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences attending the new-paving, lowering, Sxpcaccofpt^ railing, and altering, the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, in the said Town of Cardiff and Liber- ins* *c. ties, by virtue of this Act, shall for the first Time, until completed, be borne and defrayed, under the *(* Direction and Order of the said Commissioners, by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the several Houses, Building, Yards, Courts, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying before or opposite to and adjoining to the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, according to the whole Front or Fronts, Side or Sides, of his, her, or their Houses, Building, Yard, Court, Garden, Piece of Land,.

Tenement, or Hereditament, to the Middle of the Street, Lane, or publick Passage, as shall be sufficient to complete the Pavement in the respective Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages; and which Proportion so to be defrayed and borne by the said several Owners and Proprietors of each respective Street, Lane, or publick Passage, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them^. according to the Square Yards before the Fronts and Sides of their several and respective Houses, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; for which Purpose a due and* juit Admeasurement of the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, shall be made by the Persons employed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, before the taking up of the Pavement of the Street, Lane, or publick Passage, so to be repaved; and which Admeasurement shall be duly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Clerk and such Person and Persons as shall measure the same; and opposite to such Admeasurement shall be settled the Sum which the new* paving of such Pavement shall amount to, according to the Contraft made by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, with the Artificers or Workmen employed, or to be employed, in the paving thereof 5 and every Person to be charged by the making of such Pavement may inspect the same gratis.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of new paving and altering the Cfiarsest>fp*rw

said Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, by this Act directed to be borne and defrayed by the respect tobe

five Owners or Proprietors^ for the said first Time, shall be paid to the Collector or Clerk for the Time r*ldb;T«oants* being, appointed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, according to the Admeasure-xnentand Price, by the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Courts, Gardens*

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby impowered, to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay, on account thereof, for the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Houses, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, who are hereby required to allow such Deduct ions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and if any Tenant or Occupier of any House, Building, Yard, Court, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said Town or Liberties thereof, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Charges within ten Days after Demand thereof, by Notice, in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to be delivered to, or left at the Dwelling-house of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, the same shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Town of Cardiff, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to grant upon Information on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward, returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale,

after deducting all Costs and Charges attending the same, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels so distrained on Demand: And where any House, Building, Court, Yard, Lands, Tenements, Hot. fes \ct fn and Hereditaments, shall be let or demised to more than one Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, more then one any one or more of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deemed the Tenant or Tenant, anyone Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Charges shall be levied by ma> be dcc»«cd Distress and Sale of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in such House, Building, Court, Yard, Lands, lhe0cc"P,cf* Tenements, and Hereditaments: And in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall re- Tenants remove out of the said House, Building, Court, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, moving before before such Charges shall be paid by him, her, or them; and if the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant Chari« P*id> or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not be sufficient to defray such Charges; or if it shall happen-that any of the Houses, Buildings, Yard?, Courts, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in* the said Town and Liberties, shall be untenacted at the Time the Pavements before them shall be begun ;. then, and in every such Case, such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Courts, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, premia m b* and Hereditaments, shall be, and the same is and are hereby made a Security for and chargeable with all a Sectrit) for. such Charges, and the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant as aforesaid, of any. die Sum. Goods and Chattels which shall after be found in or upon the same Houses, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such

8 C. 7. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Tenants paying more Money than shall be due for Rent, the Overplus to be made good by the Landlord,

Particular Places

such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Courts, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in case such Owner or Owners shall neglect or refuse to pay the same for the Space of twenty Days next after the same shall be demanded of him, her, or them, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Collector or Clerk, to be delivered or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, in case such Owner or Owners shall then reside within the said Town or Liberties: And in case such Owner or Owners shall not reside within the said Town of Cardiff\ or Liberties thereof; then, in case of such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, upon like Notice, all such Charges shall in like Manner be levied by Distress and Sale, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place, where such Owner or Owners shall rtfide: And in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay to the said Collector more Money, on account of the said Charges, than shall be due from him, her, or them, to the Owner or Owners thereof, for the Rent of his, her, or their House, Building, Court, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Overplus thereof shall and may be levied on the Owner or Owners of such House, Building, Court, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place, where such Goods or Chattels shall be, such Owner or Owners having refused or neglected to pay the same for the Space of ten Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, his, her, or their Attorney or Agent for that Purpose appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the said Town, shall

to be repaired by fcear, pay, and sustain, the Charges and Expences of paving the Pavement adjoining to the Castle Walls, foil*. Per" from West Gate to the Bull Ring, as also the Bull Ring, as far as they usually and heretofore repaired the same, as also in the Streets adjoining to the Guildhall and Market-house, and from thence to the Middle of the Street there; and that the Overseers of the Poor of the several and respective Parishes of Saint John the Baptist and Saint Mary's, in the said Town, shall bear and sustain the Charges and Expences of paving the Pavement adjoining to the Almshouses and Workhouse, to the Middle of the Street there, in the same Share and Proportion as they respectively maintain their Poor \ that is to say, Saint John the Baptist two-thirds, and Saint Marys one-third; and that the Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint John the Baptist shall bear, pay, and sustain, the Charges and Expences of paving the Pavement opposite and adjoining to the Church-yard of the said Parish Church of Saint John the Baptist to the Middle of the Street there; which respective Sums shall be paid by the said Overseers and Churchwardens respectively to the Collector or Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be allowed to them respectively in all Accounts touching their several Offices and Departments: And in case the Overseers of the Poor and Churchwardens, or any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the said Collector or Clerk the Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid by them respectively for the Space of twenty Days next after the same shall be demanded of them respectively, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to be delivered to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling-houses, or usual Places of Abode; then, and in every such Case, the said Charges and Expences so neglected or refused to be paid, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Overseers and Churchwardens, or of such of them as by this Act is or are directed to pay the Charges and Expences so neglected or refused to be paid; and such Distress shall be made by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace of the said Town of Cardiff, which Warrant such Justices are hereby required and authorised to grant; and the Overplus of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale (if any), after deducting the Charges attending the same, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold on Demand.

Contra a* be.

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any tweenLanobH* Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving the said Streets and Lanes.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to direct and appoint in what Parts of the said Town or Liberties the said Lamps shall be set up or continued, and to what Houses, Buildings, and other Places, the said Lamps or Lamp-posts or Irons shall be affixed; and also direct and appoint the Number and Sort of Lamps, and for how long Time the same shall continue lighted; and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act to cause the same to be set up, replaced, lighted, supported, repaired, and provided with all Requisites.

[Penalty on Persons damaging Lamps.]

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby authorised and impowered, in his or their Name or Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, to bring Actions, and prosecute Indictments, against any Person or Persons, for dealing, taking, or carrying away, breaking, extinguishing, spoiling, or damaging, any Lamp or Lamps, or 1 he Furniture or Materials thereto belonging, which shall be hereafter by virtue of this Act set up or affixed in the said Town or Liberties; and all and every Person or Persons who shall maliciously or wilfully break or throw down, take, carry away, extinguifti, damage, or spoil, any Lamp or Lamps, put up or continued by virtue of this Act, or wilfully damage the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or willingly hinder or obstruct any of the Commissioners Officers, or Workmen, employed in any Manner in the Execution of this Act in their Duty, every Person or Persons offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, upon being convicted thereof upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wit russes, or his, her, or their own Confession, before any Justice of the Peace of the said Town (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), Hull forfeit, for the first Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; for the second Offence, any Sum

VacateJ. Commissioner* to d:re& where Lamp' Hull be h\ up, &c.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 9

not exceeding ten Pounds; end for the thirds and every other Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds; and that one Moiety of the said fcfpcftive Forfeitures shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Comisiiflianers, to be dvfposed of as the other Forfeitures are hereby directed to be applied and such Offender or Offenders shall, over and above such respective Penalties, pay sech Sum or Sums of Money as the said Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, by way of Satisfaction for any Damage done by such Offender or Offenders: And in case act, Person or Pcnfon* shall carelefoiy, tiqgii* gently, or accidentally break or otherwise damage any of the Lamps so pot up as aforesaid, or the Lamp-irons, Posts, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguifti the Lights thereof, and shall not immediately (upon Demand) make Satisfaction for the Damage done (thereto; then, and in such Case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for any one or more Justice of Just iocs of the Oiey, Town, County, or Place, where such Person or Persons ibatl be or reside, upon Proof thereof by Oath, as aforesaid (which Oath the Justice or Justice* a and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward JL of one or more witnefa or Witnesses, or by the Comfeffian of the Party, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satis-section for such Damage, os such Justice or Justices shall shirtk reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Ne-gtest to pay any of the bums of Money so awarded within ten Days after Demand, to cause the same.

By Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Bands and Seals, of such justice or Justices, to be levied by Distress and Sole of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons whoiball so have done such Damage, tendering to him, her, or them, the Overplus (if any there be) after deducing the Costt and Charges of (tick Warrant, and of such Distress and Sale, when demanded*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, and the keeping Charge^ofkee^ in Repair the said Pavements after the same shall be new paved, as also the making of new Gutters* in Repair, Drains, and Sewers for conveying the Water under Ground, >and the keeping the same in Repair, and dlfo the sweeping* cleenfing, and lighting the 'fame, (shall at all Timet be borne and defrayed by the the Tounn Tenants, and Gdcopidj* of any iHouse, Shop, Warehouse, CoastHhouse, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Mill, *c«

Forge, Iron Wofks, or Copper Works, Buildings, Land, Gw den, Court, Yard, Tenement, within tho feid Town and Liberties, that shall be adjoining or contiguous to the Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages,

GoctiUrifed or intended to be new paved, cleansed, and lighted, by virtue of this Act; and for defraying thd Charges and Expences so to be borne and defrayed by the said Tenants and Occupiers, it shall and may he Uwfulto and for the (bid Commissioners, or any live or more of them, and obey aFe hereby authorised and required, in every Year after the passing of this Act (the fkfl: Year to be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of Dumber Uft, and next before the passing of this Act, and every succeeding Year from the find Day in every Y*ar<respectively), to make one or rrtore Rate or Rates, Assessment of Assessments, to be signed byamy five dr more of the said Commissioners, upon the Tenants^or Occupiers of all Monks, Shops,

Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Mills, Forges, Iron Works, Copper Works, Buildings, Gardens, Courts, Yards, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Town and Liberties, that shall be adjoining or contiguous to the Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages intended to be paved, cleansed, and lighted, by virtue of this Act; so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall ~aat exceed in the Whole twelve*pence in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent oc Value of such Shop, Warehouse, Coach^house, Stable, Cellar, Vaults, Mills, Forges, Iron Works, Copper Works, hardens, Courts, Yards, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to the Rack-rent or full yearly Value thereof; and the said Rate or Assessment shall be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and fhilbbe by the said Commissioners, or anyflve or more of them, applied for the Purposes of this statettabemtk Act; and the Money or Monies so rated or assessed on the said Tenants or Occupiers, and to be borne and usually in Jtiy, defrayed by them, shall be paid by them respectively to the said Collectoiyor other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same: And if any T cnant or Occupier of any House, Shop, Ware-feottfe, Couch house, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament, in the said Town or Liberties, shall neglect or fefufe to pay his or her Proportion or Proportions of any of the said Rates or Assessmtitts to the said Collector for the Space of ten Days next after Demand made thereof, by Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling*house or usual Place of Abode of such Tenant or Occupier, the same shall and may be levied on all and every sech Tenaht or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, so neglecting or refuting, by Distress and Sale of his, ller, or their Goods and Chattels (by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one Or tnore Justicfc or Justices of the Peace for the Town of Cardiff)> and the Overplus (rf any) of the Monies to be rated by such Distress and Sale shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods fir Chattels to distrained, after deducting all Charges attending such Distrefe and Sale; and where any Person or Persons, who shall be rated or assessed to the said Rates or Aflessments, shall quit his, her, or their Hotife, Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse. Stables, Cellar, Vault, Building, Ground, Tenement, of Hereditament, before he, she, or they, shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards r eg left or refuse to fnry the same to the fold Collector for the Space of ten Days next after Demand thereof, in Manner aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; and the Money so due for the said Rates, and the said Sum of five Shillings, as well as the Money due by the Rates, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or mere Tuftkeor Justices of the Peace for the said Town of Cardiff* or for any County, Cky, Borough, Town, Division, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall remove to reside hi, *9 the Cafcdhall happen, which Warrant any such Justice or Joftkes is and are hereby authorised and required to grant m any Place where such Person or Persons shall tetnove to or reside in, and the Overplus (if anyL of the Monies arising firom such Distrefe and Sale, fitter deducting the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining such Warrant, and making, keeping, and TeHing the fold Distress, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels on Demand; and where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House, Shop,

10 C. 7. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament, out of or for which any other Person before assessed toward Payment of any Rate made in pursuance of this Act shall be removed, and such Rate shall not be paid and discharged, that then every Person so coming into or occupying the same Premises shall be liable to pay such Rate, in proportion to the Timfe that such Person shall occupy the same, in the same Manner as if such Person so coming in or occupying had been-originally rated or assessed in such Rate or Assessment; and which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be ascertained by any five or more of the said Commissioners, at their then next Meeting after Demand made thereof.

Certain Street*,

XXII. And whereas there are several Streets, Lanes, and Places, in the said Town of Cardiff^ and Liber-untinnhabi- tics thereof» that is to say, the Streets and Lanes extending from the Gaol to the Moor Gate, as also from tantiareof AbU the Workhouse to the Moor Gate, as also the several Streets, Lanes, and Places, which are to the South lit/, of the Church of Saint John the Baptist, and the Workhouse and Gaol aforesaid; as also from the little.

Stone Bridge to the Great Bridge; as also from the Blind Lane to the Long Cross, and the Streets,

Lanes, and Places, lying and being to the East of the said Blind Lane, and to the North of the North

Gate of the said Town, the Inhabitants whereof are either Unable to, defray the Expences of neur

paving, cleansing, and lighting the same, under the Regulations of this Act, and are desirous at present to defer the new paving, cleansing* and lighting the same be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution to order or direct any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, to be new paved or repaired, cleansed or lighted, nor shall any Rate or Assessment be made on any of the Inhabitants thereof, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of paving, repair* ing, cleansing, or lighting, any Part of the Streets, Lanes, or Places aforesaid.

ProTifo.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time hereafter/the. Proprietors or Owners and Inhabitants of any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places, which are exempted from being new paved, lighted* and cleansed, as aforesaid, shall become of Ability, and are desirous to pave, repair, light, and cleanse the same, and the major Part, in Number and Value, as well of the Proprietors of Estates as of the Inhabitants living within the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, shall petition the Commissioners for executing this Act to pave, repair* cleanse, and light, any particular Streets, Lanes, or Places, which are so exempted; then* and from thenceforth, such particular Streets, Lanes, or Places, shall be subject to be paved, repaired* lighted, and cleansed, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the several Streets and Lanes which are under the Direction of the said Commissioners can or may be paved and repaired j and that, in the mean Time, and until such Petition shall be so made* the Occupiers and Inhabitants of the said Streets* Lanes, or Places, shall repair and cleanse the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, in the same Manner as they usually did, and were obliged to do before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Money maybe

XXIV. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may be forthwith raised to defray the Expences

borrowed, and of making the said Gutters and Sewers, and repairing, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and

charged on the Lanes, within the said Town and Liberties thereof, and defraying the Expences attending the procuring Rate* and passing of this Act, and other Incidents, in respect to the Execution thereof / be it further enacted*

That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in th.eWhole? the Sum of five hundred Pounds, at Interest, and to assign over by Writing, finned by any five or more of the said Commissioners, all or any Part of the said Rates or Assessments, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed; and all such Securities may from Time to Time be assigned and transferred in Manner herein after directed; and such Alignments and Transfers k shall intitle the Person to whom the same shall be made to all principal Money, and all Interest due, and

to grow due, upon such Securities: Provided always, That no more than the Sum of five hundred Pounds shall be due and owing at any one Time on the Credit of the said Rates and1 Assessments.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Securities for any Money to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be in the Words following, or Words to the following Effect:

Form of Stco- c T)Y virtue of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, rily* 4 X) For better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and publick Pillages, in the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisance* 14 and Annoyances therein We of the Commissioners, do assign to A.B. hi*

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in confide ration of the Sum of, from

this # Day of ! ,! in the Year of our Lord,

until the said Sum of # ,* 7, with? Interest, at the Rate of per Cental

per Annum, shall be repaid, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments to be rated or assessed by virtuq of the said Act, as the said Sum of ‘, shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the Credit of the same.*

[Copies of Securities to be entered in Books.]

And Copies of all such Securities shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the ritjps to be cn- Clerk of the said Commissioners; but no Money shall be borrowed after the first Meeting, unless Notice uredioBookt. for that Purpose be given in Writing; to be affixed upon the Church Poor of the said Town, at le^ft fourteen Days before the borrowing thereof; *mj all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made as aforesaid, or \v)ro shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, may, from Time to Time, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, of the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by the following Words of Alignment to be indorsed on

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 11

the Back of such Security; in the Presence of one credible Witness; which Transfer or Alignment shall be in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect:

j T Do transfer this Assignment, with all njy Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby fe- Form of I A cued; unto,: his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns

In Witness whereof I Transfer. A. W

Vbave hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

Witness, C. J.

Which said Transfer or Assignment shall be produced and.notified to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made of such Alignment or Transfer, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said C^erk.fiull be paid such Sum, as the said Commissioners, or any live or more of them, shall appoint^ not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence and after such Entry made, and not till then, such Alignment shall intitle, such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties qupties; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons making such Assignment to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced and lent, and Interest thereof, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Monies arifyig from the Rates and Assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and all Persons who shall be so possessed of such Securities shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respect of the Priority of his, her, or their advancing the Money thereon.

XXVII. Provided always, That no, Money shall be applied to any of the Purposes of this Act, till all Interest due on the several Sums then owing on the Cicdit of this Act upon the last half-yearly Day of Payment shall have been, discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose reserved in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners. '

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commission* strs', or any five pr more of them, by Writing under their, Hands, to give Liberty and Licence to any of the Proprietors and Inhabitants within the said Town, pr. Liberties thereof, or their Builders or Workmen, to make proper Inclosures before}their respective Houses, in order to the pulling down, rebuilding, or repairing, the same, or for making or repairing any Vault, Drain, or Building, belonging thereto, and for laying the necessary Materials for the same, and the Rubbish arising therefrom; for which Licence the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners by the Person to whom such Licence shall be granted; and no Person or Persons ailing under such Licence, and in pursuance thereof, shall, during the Time to< be limited in such Licence, be subjcil or liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid.

XXXIX. 4 And,

4 Lanes, and other.

That if any Person or Persons, after the passing of this Act, shall carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn* on any of the Foot-pavements within any of the aforesaid Streets and Lanes, and publick Passages, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse, Ass, or other Cattle, Coach, Chaise, or other Car-jiage, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavement; or shall thfow or lay, or shall permit and suffer to be thrown or laid, any Ashes, DirU Offals, B)ood, Soil, Straw, ^ung, or any Filth or ^Annoyance

whatsoever, in any \of the said Streets, Lanes, (br publick Passages, within the said Town; or shall leave, or shall cause to be Je/t, any Carriage* Hoffe, or^east, or any Timber, Stone, Log of Wood, Lime, Mortar, Cask, Tub, or, Vessel, or any other Thing which may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, in any of the said otreels, Lanes, or publick Places, within the said Town or Liberties; or shall fist, fereen, or flack any Lime, (except within such Inclosure as aforesaid), in any Street, Lane, or publick Place, within the said Town; or \f any Person or Persons shall kill, slaughter, (inge, feald, dress, or cut up any Bead, Swine, £alfe Sheep, Pig, or, other Cattle, or cause' the ume to be done, in any open or publick Strept} Lane, or raflage, wjt^in the^aid Town, so as to incommode, flop, hinder^ ob-n iTrud, or endanger, any Person or Persons whatsoever, either residing in the said Tdiyn 01 Liberties, or Piling either on Horsebaclr, or ip Carriages, or on Foot* or shall permit or suffer his, her, or their Swind to go at large fn any of the said. Street^, Lanes, or other publick Places, within the said, Town or Liberties, and shall be com ided thereof before any Justice of the Peac£ for the said Town, by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer), every Person, so offend ng in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Did Commissioners, or any five or more of them, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings.'

XXX. And be it further enacted, That »n case the Owner or Owners of any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building whatsoever, which shall adjoin or be contiguous to any of the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Places,.within the said Towp of Cardiff or Liberties thereof, intended by this Act to be new-paved, lighted, and cleansed, shall not, at his or their own Costs and Charges, within one Month next a>cer Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at such House,'Shop. Warehouse, or 4>chci Building, under the Hands of any live or more of the said Commissioners, cause all the Water descending or coming from the Roofs, Eaves, Cornices, and Penthouses, of his, her, or their House, Shop, Warehouse, or other. Building respectively, to be conveyed into the common Channels or Drains by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to the Sides of every such House., Shop, Warehouse, or other Building respectively, in such Manner as in fych Notice shall be expressed or duelled* or shall not,

Assignments to be entered by the Clerk.

es. aforesaid., # l,

in order to prevent all poftr.iiftions, Incroachments, and Nuisances, within she Streets, r publick Passages, within the said Town and Liberties of Cardiff} be it further enacted.

All Monies advanced, with the Interest, shall be paid out of the Rates.

[Proviso.]

Commissioners may give Liberty to erc& Fences for inclosing building Mate-rialsf See,

Annoyances. See. how to be prevented.

Owners of Houses, See, tf pi ice Pipes on the Sides of their Houses for carrying off the Water.

12 C. 7. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Commissioners may take down Signs, &c. in case the Owners shall neglect, after Notice given.

How new Foundations are to be situate

Penalty on obstructing Persons in their Duty.

Footways to be swept every Day, (Sundays excepted.)

Commissioners may act as Justices.

Charges of the Act how to be

Writings robe without Sumps,

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered Af*l applied.

after such Notice m aforesaid, cause all Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Eaves, Cornices, and Pent-houses, of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or ether Building, as aforesaid, into their own private Grounds, itihall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cause the same to be done; and to levy, or Cause to be levied, the Costs and-Charges attending the same* by Distress aiu) gale of the Goods and Ghattek of the Qwnev, Tenant, or Occupier, of such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Bidding, rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; or it shall be lawful for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up such Pipes and Trunks* and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also of any Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord, is hereby required to allow the same accordingly.

XXXI. And be it furthel enacted, That m case the Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Warehouse or other Building, in the said Town, or Liberties, to which any Sign, Sign-irons, Sign-posts, or any other Posts, Penthouses,'Spouts, Steps, Cellar-windows, or Doors going into Cellars, Shop-windows, or other Incroachments, upon any of the Streep, Lanes, Paffeges, and other publick Places, or any of them, now or may hereafter belong, shall not, at their own Costs and Charges, within ten Days after Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling-houses, under $he Hands of any five or more of the said Commissioners, remove all such Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-posts, and other Posts, Fenthouses, Spouts, Steps, Cellar-windows, or Doors going into Cellars, Shop-windows, or other Incroachments, 6r otherwise after ajid reform the same, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed or directed, ft shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioniers, or any five or more of them, to cause rife feme to be done, and to levy, or cause to be levied, the Costs and Charges attending the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods apd Chattels of such O.wher or Occupier, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demands, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Head Builder, Master Carpenter, Mason, or Workman, shall, in rebuilding or new-fronting any qld Building, situate in or near any Street, Lane, or publick Way, urhhin tffe feid Town or Liberties, bring the Foundation thereof forward beyond the old Foundations, or the arid'cnt Story Posts supparting the Fronts thereof, (b as to obstruct or narrow the Passage through thd fame, upon Pain of forfeiting; for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Owner of such Building shall forfeit and jiay the Sum of forty Shillings for every Month such Obstruction or Incroachment mall remain by the Foundation of such Building being brought forward as aforesaid, unlefe allowed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and it shall and may be lawful to and foy he feid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the same to be taken down, altered, or regufated, in such Manner as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XXXIII. And be it further etiafted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, obstruct, hinder, or molest, the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are of shall be employed to put this Act in Execution, in the Performance dr Executipnof his or their Duty; every such Person and Persons* so offend* hrg^shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said Town, and (in respect to Houses let to Inmates) every House Owner shall, once in every Day, (Sundays excepted), between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, scrape, sweep, and cleanse, the Footway all along the Front and Sides of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause

Defrurit thereof, shall, for every such Offence, for-Shillings, nor left than one Shilling, and may be lawful for any Commissioner appointed! or to be defted, to put this Act in Execution, who is, or shall be; a Justice of the Peace for the faiq Town of Cariijfy or for any County, Riding, Division, *City, Liberty, Town, or Place, to act as Justice of Peace within his Jurisdiction, for putting ip Execution the several Powers and Authorities granted by this Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies arHingby virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Brail, in the first place, pay and: discharge all the Exw pdnees attending the procuring and passing this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, qr other Security, for the borrowing of Money, or any other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures determined by this Act imposed or incurred, for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seas, or Hands and Seals, of any one:or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town of C<?r-d\ffy or any other County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offender shall be, as the Case shall happen; all which warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to iffy e, upon the Information of one or more Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer); and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, (if any) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties Whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distressed and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first: deducted, shall go, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall go and be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act; and i<i every Case where Distress is dkefted to be taken by this

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 13

Act, and sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not forthwith bt patd9 it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required- by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, or until such Penalties and Forfeitures, and aft reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXIX. 'And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,' be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall he convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet)

:re

4 Peace

BE it remembered. That of the Day of in the Year of our Lord

jL B. is convicted before me of his Majesty's Justices of the

for the Town of Cardiff^ in the County of Glamorgan, or County of either on his

own Confession, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, [as the Case shall be]

by virtue of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Georgi the Third, For better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, in the Town of

Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances

rence9 and Time and Place when and where the same way

Form of Com vi&ioiu

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear above written.9'

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, grieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall and may apply for lief to the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held within one Calendar Month after Demand made of such Rate or Assessment, and the said Commissioners, other than and except such Commissioners as may be interested in the Premises, are hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall think such Person aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them, or any five or 'more of them, shall feetxr necessary; and if such Person shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, he shall, notwithstanding, be obliged to pay such Rate or Assessment, and then, upon an Appeal to the General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Town of Cardiff aforesaid, next after the Payment of such Rate or Assessment, or next after making the Distress for such Rate or Assessment, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them then assembled, to cause so much* Money to be returned to the Appellant or Appellants, as shall appear to the said Justices to have beta overpaid by such Appellant or Appellants respectively, and to make such other Order therein as to then*, (half seem meet, which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; or if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, he, she, or they, may appeal as aforesaid, within six Calendar Months next after the cause of Complaint shall arise and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, or the major Part of them, assembled in such Sef-(ions, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them, in their Discretion. shall seem reasonable; and, by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; all< which Determinations of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, Judgment, or other Proceedings, to be had or made in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and when any Distress shall he made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Want of Form in or DefeA of Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action upon the

XLII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, for any such Irregularity as aforesaid, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceedings, by virtue of this Act, if Tender of Amends' shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall or may commit, or cause to be committed. any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, effectually to carry on Prosecutions for Offences committed against this Act; and that in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted for any Offence committed against this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them aforesaid, shall* out of the Monies arising by this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor so much as the Costs allowed by Law shall fall short of reim-bwfing him his just and reasonable Expences; And that if any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Rule, or

Ftrioas aggrieva ed may appeal to the Quarter Session*

ProceedrapAOt to be qua#!*} fur wane of Form, nor ro# moveable bjp* Certiorari*

Plaintiff hot to recover if Tender of Amend* bav# ' been made.

Fapence* for thr~ Prosecution of Offences egainfV. this Act how* be defrayed*

1*

14 C. 7, 8. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Order of Court, shall be brought, commenced, prosecuted, or obtained, against: any of the said Commissioners, or any of their Collectors or other Officers, for any Thing done by the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; that then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any jive or more of them, shall, out of the Monies arising by this Act, allow and pay to such Commissioner or Commissioners, their Collectors, or other Officers, all such reasonable Cods, Charges, and Expences, as they pr any of theip shall or may sustain, or be put unto, by reason or means thereof.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Glamorgan, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same* or be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants;

[Treble Costs.]

and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs mall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon \ and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

[Preamble.]

Act 10 Geo. 3.

Former Rates declared legal, and Limits settled pursuant to a Schedule.

Tenements of certain Descriptioni excepted out of the Schedule, and made aficilable.

Power to make a Special Kate for the delraying the Expen* cn of the Att, &c.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: And whereas the said Act was explained and amended by another, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty: And whereas great Doubts and Disputes have nevertheless arisen touching the Limits to which the Assessments for the Purposes of the said Acts do or ought to extend, whereby the Execution of the said Acts hath been?

and is still likely to be greatly impeded: And whereas the said Acts would be more beneficial to thf Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to other Persons resorting thereto, if some Amendments were made to the said Acts in this and other Respects ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That to quiet the present, and to prevent future Disputes, all Rates made for the Purposes of the said Acts, since the patting of the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, shall he, and the same are hereby declared to be legal Rates; and that, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, in this present Year, none of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which were assessed to the Land Tax for the said Borough for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, under the several Descriptions expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be included in any Assessment under this and the said Acts, other than the special Rate herein after mentioned; save and except always thereout such Lands and Tenements as shall consist of Houses and Buildings, and such Court-yards and Gardens, as may be thereunto adjoining and belonging, which shall be contiguous to some Street within the populous or Town Part of the said Borough, or situate so that there be no greater Distance than one hundred Feet from some Street within the populous or Town Part of the said Borough, to the nearest of such Houses or Buildings, or Court-yards or Gardens thereunto adjoining and belonging; nor from these to such as shall be next succeeding, and so on from one House or Building, or Court-yard or Garden thereunto adjoining and belonging, to the next or nearest, in whatsoever Direction the same may lie, or how far soever the same may extend in the said Borough; and that the Premises Tq excepted, and all the other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Borough, shall be liable to the said Assessment; and that the Premises which shall be so assessed shall be rated in Manner following; that is to say, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the Assessment on the Owners thereof; and Houses and Buildings, and such Court-yards and Gardens as may be thereunto adjoining and belonging to the Assessment on the Occupiers; and that no Person shall, as a Refianr, be affefild by virtue of this and the said Acts, on account of Residence on any Tenement hereby declared not to be assessiible; and that the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Schedule, shall be taken to have been assessed to the Land Tax for the said Borough for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, under the Descriptions therein expressed.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the said Acts, and they are hereby required, within three Months after the passing of this Act (in case the unapplied Produce of the Rate made for the general Purposes of the said Acts, and commencing at Lady-day 9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and ending at Lady-day in this present Year, shall be insufficient for defraying the Expences of the obtaining and passing of this Act, and the Expences incurred

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8. 15.

in defending and obtaining Judgment on the several Indictments which were preferred at the Assizes for the County of Devon, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, against the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes within the said Borough, for not repairing certain Streets therein), to order and direct a Special Rate (over and above the yearly Rate which the said Commissioners are impowered to make, for eftedling the general Purposes of the said Acts) to be made on the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, throughout the whole Liberty of the said Borough, in order to raise a Sum sufficient to defray the Expences above mentioned; which Special Rate shall be framed, published, and collected, under the like Regulations as the said yearly Rate, except only that the whole of such Special Rate shall be collected at one Payment, and not by quarterly Portions; and the Sums arising from such Special Rate, together with the unapplied Produce of the aforesaid Rate, commencing as aforesaid, and ending as aforesaid, the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and required, within six Months after the passing of this Act, to apply towards the defraying of the Expences aforesaid, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

III. And be it enacted, That all publick Ways within the Town, Part of the said Borough, which are Streett, Lam* commonly called, known, and distinguished by the Names of Streets, shall be deemed to be Streets within *c. to benefited*. the meaning of the said Acts, in Contradistinction to Highways; and that all publick Ways which shall be adjacent to the said Streets, and contiguous to Lands which shall be assessable to the yearly Rates-for the general Purposes of this and the said Acts, shall be deemed Lanes and Passages, within the Meaning of the said Acts, in Contradistinction to Highways, so far as the said Lands mall extend to— wards the extreme Parts of the said Borough, and no farther.

IV. And whereas there are two Parishes within the said Borough: And whereas it is provided.*by the Odcuplwe*

c said Act passed in the tenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, that the Proprietors of Lands, Tcne- empted from thr* 1 meats, and Hereditaments, within the said Town, when and so often as they shall, be rated to the re- R*P»ir0*

pairing of the Pavements of the said Town, shall be discharged from the Payment of any Rate or Rates, way*

Assessment or Assessments, that shall be made for the repairing of the Highways within the said Borough: And whereas the said Proprietors (not being expressly discharged from Statute Labour, or from.

the Payment of the Composition-money in lieu thereof), as well as other Inhabitants and Occupies

of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Borough, are shall liable to be called out to< c repair the Highways of that Parish wherein they respectively reside, or to the Payment of Composition-

money in lieu thereof, notwithstanding their being assessed to the Purposes of the said Acts, which is

‘great Burthen to the said Occupiers, and extremely grievous to the poorer Sort of Inhabitants for effectual Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as relates thereto, shall be repealed y* and that from and after the pacing of this Act, the said Parishes shall not (in respect of the Repair of the Highways, or the Power of the Surveyor or other Officer having the Superintendance thereof, under the Authority of any general Act of Parliament for the Repair of the Highways of this Kingdom) be taken to extend to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be assessable to the yearly Rate* for the general Purposes of this fend the said Acts, or to the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, neither shall the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, nor the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, be considered (in respect of the Repair of the Highways, or the Power of the Surveyor, or other Officer having the Super-intendance thereof, under the Authority of any general Act of Parliament for the Repair of the Highways of this Kingdom) as lying in any Parish, Township, or Place, whatsoever, but the same shall be subject only to Regulations under this and the said Acts $ nor, on the other hand, shall the Powers of the said Commissioners, touching the Execution of this and the said Acts, extend to any Distance beyond the Lands which shall be assessable to the said yearly Rates, and the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages: Provided nevertheless, That the present and all future Surveyors, under the Authority of the general Act of Parliament, for the Repair of the Highways of this Kingdom, shall proceed to do their Duty, in the Parts of the said Borough not hereby declared to be exempt from their Superintendance.

[Recovery of Rates, &c.]

V. And whereas Difficulties and Inconveniencies attend the Method prescribed by the said Act for the Recovery of Sums of Money which have become due by reason of Rates, or otherwise, by virtue of the said Acts be it enacted, That any Sum of Money which, by reason of any Rate, hath become

due from any Owner or Owners of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, assessed by virtue of the said Acts, and remains unpaid, or which shall become due from any Owner or Owners of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be afleiled by virtue of this and the said Acts, shall and may be paid by any one Occupier thereof, and shall and may be recovered of any one Occupier, in like Manner as the Rates are directed to be recovered by the said first- mentioned Act; and such Occupier shall be at Liberty, and is hereby impowered, to deduct and detain out of his or her Rent, such Sum of Money as he or she shall pay, as aforesaid, unless there be an Agreement subsisting between such Occupier and his or her Landlord or Landlords to the contrary; and that any Sum of Money, which by reason of any Rate, or otherwise, by virtue of the said Acts, hath or shall become due from, or hath been, or shall be, received or collected by any Person who hath happened to die, or who shall happen to die, before Payment of the same, shall be deemed to be due from, and shall be recoverable of, his or her Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, in like Manner as it would have been of the deceased Person, in case he or she had happened to have lived, or by Action of Debt to be brought in the Names of any two or more Commissioners, in pursuance of an Order to be made for that Purpose, at some publick Meeting of the Commissioners for executing this and the said Acts.

VI. And whereas a Sum of Money hath been borrowed by virtue of the said Acts And whereas t.ib Remote*.*

Remedy, by ordinary Course of Law, to compel the Payment of the Interest due onany.Sums of Money, Creditcu^.

which have been, or may be, borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, and the making of Rates for that Purpose may be very expensive and inconvenient to the Creditors of whom the said Sums have been or may be borrowed \ be it enacted, That so long as there shall be any Money remaining, unpaid, which shall

16 C. 8. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

have been borrowed and taken up at Interest by virtue of the said Acts, any seven of the said Commissioners shall have Power (any thing in either of the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding) to make Order* for causing the yearly Rates for the general Purposes of this and the said Acts to be made and collected: And that so long as there shall be any Money remaining unpaid, which shall have been borrowed and telcen up at Interest by virtue of the said Acts, and when and so often as any Year shall have expired, for which any Rate shall have been made for the general Purposes of this and the said Acts, and any one of the said Creditors shall request any seven of the said Commissioners to proceed to exercise the Powers vested m them, for causing the said yearly Rates to be made and collected, and the said seven Commissioners shall refuse or neglect so to proceed for the Space of one Month after they shall have been so requested, the said Creditor shall be intitled to treble the full Costs of obtaining, serving, and enforcing, a Writ of Mandamus^ for compelling the said seven Commissioners so to proceed, and shall, by Means of the Rule of Court, by which the said Writ shall be granted, recover of the Persons who shall appear to have neglected or refused to act as aforesaid, the said Costs, together with treble the full Costs of obtaining, serving, and enforcing, the said Rule; and that the same Commissioners, under whole Hands any Order shall have been issued to any Collector or Collectors for collecting and receiving any yearly Rate under this and the said Acts, shall provide* by some Order or Orders, (which shall be irreversible) for the Payment of the interest due on the said Money once in every Year, the first Payment whereof shall be made within six Months after the passing of this Act; and the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall accordingly pay the lame, pursuant to such Order or Orders, without Fee or Reward from stay Creditor who shall make Demand thereof And in case the said Commissioners shall omit or refuse to make and enforce fact Order or Orders, as aforesaid, whereby there shall be a Failure of the Payment of the Interest dhe on any Sum Of Money, which bath been, or may be, borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, it shall and may be lawful for any Creditor who shall have been injured thereby to recover of any Person or Persons who shall have Issued such Order under their Hands for collecting and receiving, as aforesaid, and who shall have omitted or refused to make and enforce such Order or Orders, as aforesaid, for the Payment of the said Interest, treble the Amount of the Interest due to such Creditor, together with treble the fall Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt; and in case, at the Time of making Demand as aforesaid, of the Interest due to ny Creditor, as aforesaid, there shall be by Virtue of the said yearly Race in the Hands of the said Treasurer Money sufficient to satisfy such Demand, and the said Treasurer shall not comply therewith, of shall exact any Fee or Reward for complying therewith, it shall and may be lawful for any Creditor making such Demand to recover of the said Treasurer treble the Amount of the Interest due to such Creditor, together with treble the fall Costs of Suit by Action of Debt.

*»artof Acts«o

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act, passed in the tenth Year of his said mnd it Geo. 3. Majesty's Reign, as enables the said Commissioners to contract for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Borough, and also so much of the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, as impowers the Commissioners to dismiss the Scavengers, or other Officers, appointed by the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the said Borough, for the Purpose of sweeping, deanfing, and carrying away, the Allies, Rubbish, Dulh Dung, and Filth, from the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and requires the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, to appoint others in the Stead of those (b dismissed, be repealed: Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners shall have Power to order the Taid Streets, Lanes, and Passages, to be watered so often as they shall think fit, and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Money to be raised by virtue and for the Purposes of this and the said Acts.

[Commission

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Contract already made by the said Commissioners, or which »ot p«rfooaiiy shall be made by them, for any of the Purposes of the said Act, shall be binding upon the said Comma faer able for missioners personally as Individuals in their private Capacity, neither shall they be personally answerabte Contrattij &c. for any Sum of Money borrowed and taken up at Interest under the Authority of the said Acts, but only as Trustees for carrying the same into Execution; and that Actions and Suits, in the Names of arty two or more Commissioners under the said Acts shall and may be maintained on Contracts, which have been, or shall be, made between the Commissioners under the said Acts and any Person or Persons for the Purposes of the said Acts, any such Action or Suit being commenced by virtue of an Order of such Commissioners made for that Purpose at some publick Meeting; and all Sums of Money which shall be recovered by them in such Action, shall be applied to the general Purposes of the said Acts.

Commissioners -KM)emnifled out

IX. And be it enacted, That all Money expended by, or recovered against, any Commissioner or Commissioners, touching any Action or Prosecution by the said Acts, directed to be brought by them, or of the Rates* touching the Defence of any Action, Prosecution, or Appeal, which hath been or shall be brought against them, or any other Person or Persons employed by or under them, on account of any Rate, or any Matter or Thing done or omitted (except the omitting to cause Rates to be made and collected, and the Interest of Money borrowed to be paid as aforesaid;, in the Execution or Performance of his or their Office or Offices, Employment or Employments, under this or the said Acts, or in° pursuance of any Order or Orders of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, under the Authority of the said Acts, (which Money shall not be recovered again by such Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Person or Persons, from any such Defendant or Defendants, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs) shall be borne and defrayed out of the Money arising from the yearly Rates under this and the said Acts.

"Repealing the

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first-mentioned Act as impowers the Commis-

Claafeinthe sioners to employ their Pavior or Paviors to rtpair the Pavement injured by the bursting of Water-pipes,

M«leny«Rd n ant* to CofnP0un(* with Owners of Quays and Water-pipes respectively, shall be, and the same is hereby impower;ngMe repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, and till the Determination of the Commissioners Commissioners mentioned in the said Act, pasted in the twelfth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, shall take place, the to repair the Provision of the said last-mentfoaed Ad, for making reciprocal Satisfed&on between the Owners of

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8. 17

Water-pipes and Persons chargeable with the Repair of the Pavement, shall operate and be in force, as between the Owners of Waterpipes and the said Commissioners; and that the Amount of the Expences incurred by Damage done to any Water-pipe, by Persons employed about any Pavement or Drain by Order of the said Commissioners, may be demanded of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being; and the said Commissioners shall order their Treasurer to pay such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be demanded of him on that Account, and he shall pay the same accordingly out of the Money which shall be in his Hands for the general Purposes of the said Acts at the Time of making such Demand, or out of the first Money of the like Kind which he shall receive; and the Amount of the Expences incurred determined by Damage done by the breaking or bursting of any Water-pipe to any Pavement or Drain, under the Superintendance of the said Commissioners, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of such Water-pipe to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the fume.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Justices of the said Borough, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said 1L rough, as often as they shall see occasion, to make Rules and Orders for the better governing and regulating of all Porters, Carters, and Draymen, and their Carriages, employed in carrying any Kind of Goods for Hire from the Quays to any Part of the said Borough, and also from one Part of the said Borough to another Part of the same: And the Toftices of the said Borough are hereby impowered and required, at their said Sessions, to license all such Hackney Chairs as shall be kept and used for Hire within the said Borough, and shall and may fix and ascertain such Rates and Prices for the Carriage of the same, as to the said Justices shall seem proper; and if any Hackney Chairman within the said Borough shall refuse, at any seasonable Time, to go at, or shall exact more for his Hire than the Rate or Price fixed by the said Justices,*or shall keep or use any Chair for Hire within the said Borough, unless licensed as aforesaid, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Dav of July in this present Year, all Carriages used in conveying Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Commodities, landed at any Quay within the said Borough, from the said Quay, through the Streets, Lanes, or Passages, herein-before described, whether for Hire or not; and all Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, or Drays, kept by any Person or Persons residing within the said Borough, or elsewhere, and, used for the carrying of any Thing whatsoever from one Part of the said Borough to any other Part of the same, through any of the said Streets or Passages, whether for Hire or not, shall have Wheels made with the Soles or Fellies six Inches broad at the least, and with a flat even Surface in all Parts of such Soles or Fellies; and such of the said Carriages, Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars, or Drays, as shall have four Wheels, shall be so con-(Irufted as to roll a Surface of nine Inches on each Side; and if any such Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or Dray, as aforesaid, shall be drawn through any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, contrary to the said Direction, the Owner or Driver thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have Power to cause to be placed on a conspicuous Part of any one or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance, of each of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, the Name by which each respective Street, Lane, or Passage, is usually called or known; and also may cause every House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, in each of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, to be marked or numbered, in such Manner as they shall think most proper for distinguishing the same, and the Expences attending the same shall be paid out of the Money arising from the yearly Rates under this and the said Acts; and if any Person or Persons shall maliciously destroy or deface any such Name, Mark, or Number, or any Part thereof, or shall maliciously cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Time limited by the said Act passed iij the twelfth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for the Supply of any Vacancy or Vacancies among the thirty-eight Persons directed by the said Act to be added to the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council, as Commissioners for executing the said Act, shall lapse, it shall be lawful to proceed at any subsequent Period, as soon as may be, to an Election for that Purpose 5 to which Election there shall be the like Requisites, in all other Respects, as prescribed by the said Acts; and that no Act of any subsisting Commissioners shall be invalid on account of any Vacancy or Vacancies whatsoever, provided there be a sufficient Number as specified in this and the said Acts, for effecting the several Purposes thereof; and the Persons who shall be elected by virtue of the Provision hereby made, shall have the like Power and Authority in the Execution of this and the said Acts, as any other of the said Commissioners.

XV. Provided always, That no Meeting under this and the said Acts shall be adjourned for a longer Time than eight Days; and that in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners to hold a Meeting within half an Hour after the Time appointed for such Meeting, it shall and may be lawful for any two of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to adjourn; and that no Order or Orders made, or to be made, by virtue of this or the said Acts, shall be revoked, unless there be seven or more of the said Commissioners present at the revoking of such Order or Orders than weie present at the making of the same.

[Power of Appeal to Quarter Sessions for the County, by former Acts, repealed;]

XVI. And whereas the Appeal to the Quarter Sessions for the County of Devon, concerning any Matters within the said Acts greatly obffrufts the Execution thereof, and occasions a Waste of the c Money raised for the Purposes of the said Act?, as well as much Vexation and Expence to the Land c Owners and Inhabitants within the said Borough: And whereas the Appeal to the Quarrer Sessions for the Borough of Plymouth concerning the said Matter at present is not sufficiently remedial be it enacted, That (0 much of the said Acts as gives a Power of appealing shall be repealed; and that if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate hereafter to be made Vojl.XII. L> i«

Pavrmfnt of the Parade, &c.

Porter*, Ctf n?n, an4 Ch*‘r-men regulated.

Carriages used at the Quay* to have Wneeh At Inches bioad, &c.

Commissioners may order the Names of SirtefS to be put up, and Houses, Scz. to be nuoibeicd.

Prnvi fion for the Supply of Vacancy* among the Comnxif-liontrs.

Person: afgrier. ed may appe-i.

ind Persons *g* frifved by any Rate, may »p-peal to the Quarter Sessions for the Borough.

Ste&en of Commissioneri, and their Actt, and the former Statutes confirmed* and this AO*

IWiekAO.

18 C. 8. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

in pursuance of this and the said Acts, such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal to the next Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said Borough (whether originally or by Adjournment), after such Rate shall have been published in the Parish Churches of the said Borough, unless such Court shall be held within twenty-eight Days after such Publication, in which Case the Appeal shall be made to the next Court to be held as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said twenty-eight Days, such Appellant or Appellants first giving Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners, or their Cleric, of his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal; or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done or omitted in the Execution of this and the said Acts, for which no particular and effectual Method of Relief is herein or therein appointed, such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal to the next Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said Borough (whether originally or by Adjournment), after such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants giving Notice, in Writing, to the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, of his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices at the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the said Borough, shall have Power to hear and determine the said Appeals in a summary Way, and to order the Assessors to amend the said Rates in like Manner as the said Commissioners may do by virtue of the said full mentioned Act, and as shall be necessary for giving Relief, without quashing the same; and the said Justicea shall have Power to award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as they tho said Justices shall think proper; and their Determination in all Appeals touching any Rate, or any Thing whatsoever done, or omitted to be done, under this or the said Acts, shall he binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes: And in case any Rate or Thing done, or omitted to be done, under thts or the said Acts, shall be unappealed against, after the Time hereby limited for bringing Appeals, such Rate or Thing done, or omitted to be done, shall be deemed legal in every Respect whatsoever; provided that the Justices of the Peace in and for the said Borough for the Time being shall not act as Commissioners for putting this and the said Acts in Execution; any Thing herein or therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Election of the thirty-eight Persons directed by the said Act, passed in the twelfth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, to be added to the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen and Common Council of the said Borough, as Commissioners for putting the said Acts in Execution, and all Acts done by the said thirty-eight Persons, or any of them, as Commissioners under the Authority of the said Statutes, shall be, and the lame are hereby recognized and confirmed, as legal in every Respect whatsoever; but nevertheless without Prejudice to any Case wherein a supposed Right of Action hath accrued, and an Action hath been brought. And that all and every the Clauses, Articles, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts contained, except such and so many of them as are hereby repealed, altered, or varied by this present Act, shall be, and continue, in as full Force and Effect, as if the same were repeated herein, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes be confide red as Parts hereof, and the Whole shall be taken together and construed as one Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, anti other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this ACT.

"NO Place Hospital.

1^1 Mr. Tolcher*s House in Stonehouse Lane.

Mrs. Vincent's House

Mr. George Jagoy for his House and Rope Yard*

Mr. Robinson, for his Mill.

Mr. Lewis, for his Tan Yard.

William Moore, for three Meadows.

Richard Hambly, for Line's Part, two Fields* William Shepherd, for Oil Mills and Dwelling-house* William Lamb ell, for Passage-house.

Samuel Lang's Dwelling-house.

William Lambell, for his Dwelling-house.

William Lambell, for House and Yard.

Robert Gaudy, for House and Garden.

Michael Fanning's House, late Philips Ditto, his House.

Nathaniel Olver's House, at Cat down*

Mr. William Perry, for the Paper Mills.

Mrs. Lakey for her House.

The Reverend Mr. Madge, for the Parish Tithe* Thomas Bews, Erq; for late Vailar's Field.

Ditto, for late Town's Field.

Ditto, for Cook's Path Field*

Ditto, for Hopkins Field*

Ditto, for another ditto*

Ditto* for the Banks.

Ditto, for his Field near Catdown

Ditto, for late Crab's two Fields.

Ditto, for Harris's Field.

Ditto, for a small Field.

Ditto, for his Lands at Pennycomquick.

Gilbert Dicky for Thomas Veal, E(q; for Smith's Warn Field.

Ditto, for ditto, for Hoe Field, and Shepherd's Meadow> Ditto, for two Fields near the Hospital.

Mr. Clark, for the Commissioners for Prisoners of War, for a Meadow.

Ditto, for a Field adjoining the Old Mill Prison.

Mr. Clark, for late Mr. Joseph May's Field.

Ditto, for another ditto.

Mr. John Bicknelly (or John Morjhead, Esq; four Field*

at Lipson.

Mr. Joseph Freemany for two Quillets*

Ditto, for a Field called Trenches*

Ditto, for Atwood's Field*

Ditto, for Maid Cross.

Humphry Hall, Esq; for Harris's, near Pennycomquuk* Ditto, for Harris's Field and Barn Park

Ditto, for a Field near Gajkins Gate.

Ditto, for a Field near the Tucking Mills.

Ditto, for-----Harris, Esq; Barn and Field.

Ditto, for a Field near the Pound.

---

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8. 19

Mr. John Arthur, for Gibbs's three Fields.

Ditto, for Couche's Field.

Mr. William Moor, for Major Saul's Fields.

Ditto, for Motham's Field.

Richard Beach, Esq; for two Fields, late Woode's.

Ditto, for two Fields and a Barn.

Samuil Peter, Esq; for a Field near Old Mill Lane.

Ditto, for a House and Field, late Philips's.

Ditto, for a Field, late Yebsley's.

Ditto, for late Fowne's four Fields.

Mr. Dunstervill, for Horseman's Marsh.

Ditto, for two Fields in Stonehouse Lane.

Ditto, for a Field in Old Penny Lane.

Ditto, for late Newton's Field.

---

Ditto, for Thijlle Park.

Daniel Dyer, for a House and Garden.

Mr. Henry Tolcher, for late Holmes's Marsh.

MrJoseph Tolcher, for Couches Field.

Addis Archery Esq; for Horseman's Marsh*

Ditto, for Addis's two Fields.

Ditto, for late By Is.

Ditto, for late tiulPs.

Ditto, for Horfman's

Mr. Orlando Manky, for Mr. Dure, for Higher Hunscomb.*

Ditto, for late SpurwelPs Field.

The Reverend Mr. Bedford, for Dr. Young's four Fields.

Ditto, for Berrfs Pump Field

Ditto, for his Tithe.

Mr. Champion, for late Barker*, for Lipson Meadow Ditto, for Bickforis Tenement and Fields.

Mr. Joseph Netten, for two Fields, late Heart's. Ditto, for House and Garden.

Mrs. Smith, for her Fields at Lipson.

Ditto, for her House at Lipson.

Mrs. Shepard, for Doidge's late Field.

Ditto, for a Field ntzrPennycomquici.

Mr. Simpson, for the inclosed Hoe.

Ditto, for the East.

Mr. Parry, for two Fields, late Brown's.

Ditto, for two Fields, late Tancock's.'

Mr. Connel, for Frankford Gate Meadow.

The Reverend Mr. Warren, for his House in ditto* Mr. Burt, for his House in ditto.

Mr. Ciely, for Mr. Evans' ditto.

Ditto, for Mrs. Morgans ditto.

Mr. Woolcomb, for his House in ditto.

The Reverend Mr. Doidge, for his House in ditto.

Mr. Freeman, for his House in ditto.

Mrs. Cole, for her House in ditto.

Mr. Shernback, for his House in ditto.

Mrs. Manwaring, for Mrs. Thomas, for Bedford's Field.

Mrs. Easton, for late Robert's Field, near No Place. Ditto, for late Wallis's Fields.

Ditto, for a Field near No Place.

William Philips, Esq; for a Field late Mr. Joys. Ditto, for a Rack Close.

Ditto, for two Fields at Cockfide.

Mr. Creamer's House and Garden.

The Reverend Mr. Cock, for Sanders's Meadow. Ditto, for the Meadow adjoining the House.

Mr. Putt, for Thomas Veal, Esquire, for the West Hoe.

Ditto, for-----Bastard, Esquire, Sheaf.

Ditto, for Thomas Veals, Esquire, Boon's Cove

Ditto, for the Quarry at the West Hoe

Mr. Robert Baron, for Young's Field.

Mrs. Bannick, for her Rack Close.

Ditto, for her Field, late Valack's.

Mrs. Bannick, for Ciely's Field.

Ditto, for a Field, in Old Penny Lane.

Mr. Christy, for a Field near the Old Mills

Mr. Symons, for late Brown's Field.

---

John Julian, Esquire, for a Field at Cockside.

Ditto, for Cutiford Tenement.

Ditto, for Netherton's two Fields.

Ditto, for Saltram.

Ditto, for late Motham's Fields.

Ditto, for late Head's Tenement.

Ditto, for a Field near Some Place.

Ditto, for three Fields near Prince Rock.

Ditto, for a Field.

Ditto, for late Pentyre's Field.

Ditto, for late Burley's Field.

Ditto, for late Norley's House and Field.

Ditto, for Spurrell's Tenement.

Ditto, for Catdown.

Ditto, for Hawkin's Tenement.

Ditto, for three Fields, late Greeby's.

Ditto, for Maycross.

Ditto, for a Field near Andrew's Well.

Ditto, for Martyn's Park.

Ditto, for Smart's Field, and Boyl's three Fields.

Ditto, for How's Field, late Teat's.

Ditto, for House, Limekiln, and Quarry.

Mr. John Newton, for a Field adjoining the Old Mill Prison.

Ditto, for Mervin's Field.

Ditto, for his House and Field near the Old Mill Prison.

Mr. King, for Shoulder Mutton Field.

Mrs. McCarty, for a Field in Old Penny Lane.

Major Yeo, for late Hancock's Meadow.

Ditto, for three Fields, late Derry's.

Ditto, for three Fields, and Part of Willson's Meadow.

Ditto, for Foot's Field.

Mr. Kingdon, for Mrs. Ridout, for Woodbridge's Field.

Ditto, for late Hall's Field.

Ditto, for Lewis Jones.

Ditto, for Bath's four Fields.

Mr. Jacobson, for a Field near Lady Well.

Ditto, for Martin's Quillet.

Ditto, for another Field, late Hamlyn's.

Ditto, for the Pump Field.

Ditto, for a Rope Walk in ditto.

Mr. Jago, for his Rope Walk in Stonehouse Lane.

John Morshed, Esquire, for late Lapthorn's Field.

John Culme, Esquire, for his House and Willow Plat.

Ditto, for a Quarry at Prince Rock.

Ditto, for Freedom Field.

Ditto, for Ridgeway's and Sheep Potts.

Ditto, for three Fields at Prince Rock.

Ditto, for Lean's three Fields.

Ditto, for Clay Park.

Ditto, for Stephens's House and Garden.

Ditto, for Walker's House and Field.

Mrs. Deeble, for Lavington's Field.

Mr. Mudge, for a Field near the Mills.

Mrs. Sugars, for Deptford's two Fields.

Ditto, for Land by the Trenches.

Mr. Cally, for Martin's Marshes.

Mr. Ham, for the Bowling Green, Catdown.

Adjutant of the Militia, for Spark's two Fields.

The Widow Reed, for her Tenement at Tothill.

Mr. William Shepherd, for two Fields, late Phillips.

Ditto, for late Bingham's Field.

Ditto, for his Wash-house.

Mr. Cole, for Samuel Cartor's Lands, late Booth's.

Mr. William Blatchford, for Lipson Mills.

20 C. 9, 1O. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Mr. William Blatchford, for a Field and Garden.

The Churchwardens of Saint Andrews, for a Burying-place.

The Commissioners for Prisoners of War, for No Place.

---

Mr. Treflifts Lovell, for Barnparks.

Mr. John Pode y for SpurrelPs late Lands.

Mrs. Fryfor late Orchard's Field.

Mr. Cobin, for a F ield.

Mr. Harris, for a Field.

Mr. Batty for two Fields, late Pearce's.

Mr. NevertWy for Sparks and Trevatiim's Barn and three Fields Mr. Nathaniel Giver, for Crosse*s Fields.

Ditto, for Shephard's Tenement and three Fields. Ditto, for late Rafdons.

Ditto, for Lime Kiln and Quarry.

Ditto, for Catdown.

Ditto, for the other Part of Rafdon'sy being three Fields.

Mr. Datey for late Symkins's three Fields.

Ditto, for three Fields, late Pearce's.

Mr. Suttojiy for late Gotham's Field.

Mr. William Hancock, for Bingham's House and Field.

Mr. George How, for John fen's Well.

Ditto, for a Field in Old Penny Lane.

Mr. Roger Trendy for late Alartyns two Fields-Mr. Langy for the Quarry.

Mr. Kerf welly for two Fields and a Barn.

Mr. Batty for late Coram's two Fields and Tenement.

Mr. Richard Jfffreys, for Teat's Hill.

Mr. William Tuly, for his Quarry.

Mr. Marksy for Matter Ginness, for a Field at TothilL Mr Fanning, for his Rope Walk in Smart's Meadow. Mr. Datey for £fq; Bastard's Field near the Round House.

Mr. Joseph Brent, for a Field and Cellars at Gockfide.

CAP. IX.

Further continued till March iy 1775.

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

CAP. X.

An Act for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

[Preamble. Act 5 Geo. 3.]

After 5 April, 1774, the Djty of 1 1. 10 8. per Cwr. on Gum Senega toceafe; and in lieu thereof 5 s. per Cwr. over ev< ry other Duty imposed thereon,

The Duty to be collected and applied as by the Ifcimer Ai\.

Ko Duty to be charged on Gum Senepa exported from Great Britain* to Ireland by Licence.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only, a Duty of one Pound ten Shillings was granted upon every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Gum Senegay which should be exported from Great Britain to any Part beyond the Seas: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the said Duty being so high, has induced illicit Traders to export great Quantities of such Gum privately out of this Kingdom into Foreign Parts, without paying any Duty for the same, and also to export such Gum clandestinely from Senegal, directly to Hollandy and other Foreign Parts, contrary to the said recited Act, to the Prejudice of the fair Traders, and to the Loss and Detriment of the publick Revenue j' for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said Duty of one Pound ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Gum Senega, granted by the said recited Act, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that, in Lieu and in Stead thereof, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Hundred Weight avoirdupois of Gum Senegay which shall be exported from Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, the sum of five Shillings, over and above any other Duty imposed thereon by any former Act of Parliament, and not repealed by this Act, and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Gum.

not repealed by this Act.

9

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty by this Act granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by the same Rules and Regulations, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and with the like Allowances, for Goods loft at Sea; and shall be paid and applied in such Manner, and to and for the same Purposes, as the Duty by this Act repealed was raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in this present Act.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Duty hereby granted upon such Gum Senega as shall be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, by Licence from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the QiOrd High Treasurer for the Time being, in pursuance of ary Act, made in the Sixth

---

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. 21

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Removal for Home Consumption of Spirits made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland, free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom from the Isle of Man of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for altering certain Regulations relating to the Tonage of Ships exporting and importing Spirits.

CAP. XI.

An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there.

[Preamble.]

---

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That whenever the Price of middling British Wheat, at any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from whence the same should be intended to be exported, should appear to be at or above the Price of Forty-four Shillings per Quarter, such Price being ascertained in Manner in the said Act mentioned, no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure so to be, out of or from any such Port or Place, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board, in any Ship, or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, or Malt, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, made of Wheat; and, whenever the Price of middling British Pease should appear at such Port or Place to be ac or above the Price of Twenty-eight Shillings per Quarter, no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause so to be, or load or lay on Board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Pease,

ground or unground, or any Bread or Biscuit made of Pease, under the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act particularly mentioned and inflicted: And whereas it is necessary, at all Times, to export Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery theremay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it

shall and may be lawful to ship and export from the Port of Bristol Biscuit and Pease, not exceeding in the ^ns^/Bi'cntt whole one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease, in any one Year and carers of* and from the Port of Poole Biscuit and Pease, not exceeding in the Whole two hundred and fifty Tons of Pease, which Biscuit, and seven hundred Quarters of Pease, in any one Year and from the Port of Dartmouth Biscuit be exported and Pease, not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease, in any one Year and also from the Ports of Topfoam and Tin?mouth, within the Port of Exeter, cw un

Biscuit and Pease, not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease, in any one Year, to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the BritiJ}) Fishery there; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; so as the Exporter do, before the shipping or laying on Board the same, become bound, with other fufneient Security, in treble the Value Security to b-thereof, to the Commissioners or Chief Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs belonging to the said given to the of Ports of Bristol, Poole, Dartmouth, or Exeter respectively (who hath or have hereby Power to take such ficewoiCuiUms, Security in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Uie), that such Commodities shall not be landed or sold in any Parts whatsoever other than the said Island of Newfoundland; and that a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no such, of the Naval Officer, or some other principal Officer there, shall, within the Space of eighteen Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds (the Danger of the Seas excepted), be returned to the Officers who took the said Bonds, that the said Commodities have been landed in the said Island of Newfoundland; and for the taking of such Security, and for giving such Certificates (which the respective Officers aforesaid are hereby, on Demand, required to give), no Fee or Reward ill all be demanded or received: And if any Officer shall officers making 'make any false Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of f^if-Certifie^tes, two hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Sue- or erafingor fal-ceflors, in any Office relating to the Customs; and if any Person shall counterfeit, rale or fifthly, any such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, or false Certificate, he shall forfeit the Sum jJoi.0*1 of two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall be void, and of no Efleet; which said Penalties for jjCfnjtjfl jl0V? Offences committed in Great Britain ox IrelandihzW be recovered in the same Courts, and in the same Man- rec0VCIAbic. ner, as the other Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act are recoverable; and for Offences committed in the said Island of Newfoundland, shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Chief Court of the Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction in the said Islandj and shall be divided into equal Moieties between his Majesty and the Informer; and the said Bond or Bonds, if not prosecuted within three Years, shall be void; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in nny-wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Exportation of Biscuit whentheFx-and Pease, or either of them, shall, by the said Act, be permitted; then, and in such Case, no such Bond portation rtnil shall be required upon the Exportation to the said Island of Newfoundland, or such of them as shall be so be permitted, no permitted. " Bur a to be rc-

[Bounty, when to be allowed.]

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when any Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation of the said Commodities, or either of them, the same Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation thereof

22 C. 12. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

to the said Island of Newfoundland, under the Regulations, Provision, and Restrictions, in the said Act mentioned.

[Continuation.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in Force during such Time as the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall have Continuance.

CAP. XII.

An Act for vesting a Piece of waste Ground within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon.

fctaaUet

trefteliNamei*

Vioce of Groimd

Tested in the Trustee*. for the Purpose of building a new Church.

Power to inclose the Ground j

and to build a Church and Steeple, &c.

WHEREAS the Parish Church of Clapham, in the County of Surry, is a very ancient Fabrick* and inconveniently situated at the Extremity of the said rarish, and by Length of Time is be-

come very ruinous; and the Number of Inhabitants within the said ParMh is so greatly increased, that

if the said Church was in a Condition to be repaired, it would not be large enough to contain them, for the Purposes of Divine Worship: And whereas Penelope Pitty the Wife of George Pitt of Stratfieldfea, in

the County of Southampton, Esquire, and Sifter and Heir at Law of Sir Richard Atkins, late of Clapham, aforesaid. Baronet, deceased, is, under the Will of the said Sir Richard Atkins, intitled to the Trust or beneficial Interest of or in the Manor of Clapham, and certain waste Grounds within and Parcel of the same, for her Life, for her separate Use, with Remainders in Favour of her Issue Male (which have not yet taken Effect), with the ultimate Remainder therein in Fee (after several contingent and other Uses to c take Effect by the said Will in Failure of such Issue): And whereas the building of a new Church in a more commodious Place or Situation, and upon a more extensive Plan, would tend greatly to the Ease and Convenience of the Parishioners of the said Parish, and to the Encouragement of Religious Worship within the same, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and the said Penelope Pitt being desirous of promoting such useful and pious Undertaking as far as (he is able,

hath, with the Consent of all or mod of the freeholders within the said Manor, having or claiming a Right of Common upon the said waste Grounds, proposed or offered to set apart a certain Part thereof for building thereon the said Church, and an inclosed Area to encompass the same; that is to say, a certain Piece of waste Ground, situate on the North-east Side of Clapham Common (as the same is now flaked or marked out), containing by Estimatio'n two Roods and fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, the said Piece of waste Ground being in all Respects suitable or convenient for that Purpose; but by resifon of the Uses or Limitations in the said Will of the said Sir Richard Atkins, the said Piece or Parcel of Ground cannot be effectually conyeyed for the Purpose aforesaid, nor can the said proposed Church be

built thereon without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And in regard the building of the said Church upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground will tend to promote or encourage building within the said Manor and Parish, whereby the Estates or Interests of the Lords or Owners thereof, claiming under the said Will, will, for the Time being, be greatly benefited may it please your Majesty, therefore, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher Norton, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right Honourable George Onjtowy Sir Francis Vincent, Sir William Stonhouse, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronets; Sir William Stevenson% Sir Timothy Waltloy Knights; the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Clapbanty for the Time being; Richard Bowyery Levett Blackborne, John Pepys Jackson, Brahazon Hallows, William Burr idee Leigh, John Thornton, Thomas Han-iey, William Curteis, Abraham Atkins, Caherley Bewiche, Benjamin Bewickcy Benjamin Bandy John Brogden 9 Thomas Delavaly Charles Eyrey Freeman Flowery William Halhedy Henry Hoarey Samuel Horny John Jackson, Nathaniel Jefferys, Thomas Laney Nathaniel Mafony John Smally Samuel Smithy William Snelly William Thornton, Esquires; the Reverend Moses Porter B. D. James Adams, Samuel Bayes, Caherley Bewicke junior, Bulkeley9 Edward Bullt Somers Clerk, John Collicky Daniel Ue St. Leu, David

De Vifmey William Eaves, John Fleet woody Samuel Gelednekiy James Hague, Engelbert Hakey William Hervey, Peter Hodgson, Hopkins, James Hutchinsony Thomas Joncsy Charles fuifony

March, William Millsy Job Pearfony Frederick Raven campy Thomas Saveggy Edmund Smithy Hamnett Townley, John Townsend, John Terbury, Gentlemen; William Coley and John Hanscombe, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this present Act into Execution: And that the said Piece or Parcel of Ground herein-before described mall be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Trustees herein-before named, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, for the Purpose of building a new Church and Steeple thereon, and an Area round the same, for the Use and Benefit of the said Parish: And that the same shall be accordingly held, occupied* and enjoyed, by them for the Purpose aforesaid, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, and Conditions, expressed or declared of or concerning the said Manor in or by the said Will; and also of and from all prescriptive and other Rights of Common thereon.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to cause the said Piece or Parcel of Ground to be taken in, fenced, and inclosed, for the Purpose aforesaid, at such Time or Times, and with such Materials, and in such Manner, as they shall think fit; and also to cause a Church and Steeple to be erected or built thereon* after such Model, and of such Dimensions and Materials, and in such Manner, as they the said Trustees. or any five or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12. 23

agree upon or direct; and also to cause Pews, Seats, and Galleries, and such Ornaments and Conveniences to be made, erected, and set up, in the said Church so to be built as aforesaid, as by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any such Meeting or Meetings, shall be deemed proper or necessary, in order that the said Church may be consecrated ^nd set apait, and completely fitted or furnished for the Celebration of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England.

III. And whereas it will be necessary, and greatly for the Advantage of the Parishioners of the said Paufh for the Time being, to continue the Church-yard belonging to the said old Church as aCe- metery for the Use of the said Parish, and to preserve a competent Part of the said Church for the Purpose of performing Funeral Service therein, and to have the other Part of the said Church taken down,

and especially as the said Church-yard or Cemetery will be thereby considerably enlarged ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, To take down' or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, after the said new Church shall theohi church be built, completed, and consecrated, and rendered fit for the Celebration of Divine Service, to cause ^xcclftAlh(f v the Whole of the said old Church (except the North Aisle, and the North, East, and West Walls there- w£ich into be of) to be taken down, and with all convenient Speed afterwards, to cause the said North Aisle, to be inclosed and fit-inclosed with a Wall on the South Side thereof, of such Materials and Dimension, and in such Manner, ted up for the for adapting or fitting up the same as a Place proper for the Performance of Funeral Service, as shall Performance of be thought fit or necessary by them at any such Meeting or Meetings so to be had as aforesaid.

Funeral Service.

[The Scite of the

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Scite of such Part of the said old Church as shall be so taken down as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby added to the said Church- old Church to be yard or Cemetery, for the Purpose of enlarging the same; and that the said new Church, when the same church°-ylud. shall be finished or completed, and consecrated and rendered fit for the Celebration of Divine Service, and Thenew* also the said Church-yard or Cemetery so to be enlarged as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth, for ever, be Church, when called and known by the Name of, and to all Intents and Purposes be. The Parish Church and Church- finished and con* yard of the said Parish of Clapham, and that Divine Service, the Solemnization of Matrimony, and all ^cr*ted»to other Matters and Things which were, or of Right have been used to be, celebrated, solemnized, admi- church niftered, had, done, or performed, by the Minister of the said Parish in the said old Church and Ceme- and DiWne Seiw tery (save that Funeral Service, after the said North Aisle of the said old Church shall be so inclosed as vicetobeper-aforesaid, may, from Time to Time, be performed therein), shall and may be celebrated, solemnized, ad- foimed therein, ministered, had, done, and performed, in such and the like Manner, by the said Minister of the said Pa- f*ccPtF«n«ii rish, and his Successors, Ministers of the said Parish for the Time being, in the said new Church, and the rv, cc*

said Church-yard or Cemetery.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Reverend fames Stonehouse Doctor The present of Laws, the present Rector or Minister of the said Parish of Clapham, and his Successors for the Time being, tliall, and they are hereby respectively declared to, be Rectors or Ministers of the said new Church; St-

and that the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have a Right of presenting, nominating, new Church; or appointing, a Rector or Rectors, Minister or Ministers, to the said old Church, in case the same was not and the Person* taken down or disused as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said new Church shall be so completed or having the finished, and rendered fit for the Celebration of Divine Service as aforesaid, have such and the like Estate ‘of Prefers and Estates, Right, Title and Titles, of and in the said new Church, as he, she, or they, respectively church° tohaft-now have, or might or should have haJ, to the Presentation, Nomination, and Appointment, of a Redfor the same Right or Rectors, Minister or Ministers, to the said old Church, and according to his or their Rights and and Estate in the Interests respectively, from thenceforth for ever; and shall and may, from and after the Death or Avoi- new Church* dance of the present Rector or Minister of the said Parish, and every other future Vacancy, present* nominate, and appoint, a fit Person to be Rector or Minister of the said new Church; and that such Minister for the Person, and his Successors, so to be presented or nominated as aforesaid, shall, after such Presentation, Time being in* or Nomination and Appointment* be Rectors or Ministers successively of such new Church, and shall p,ledl2,?^c have and enjoy such Glebes, Tithes, Oblations, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, Profits, Commodities, and kbeTithot* other Ecclesiastical Dues and Duties arising within the said Parish, as the present Rector or Minister of the said Parish hath or ought to have and enjoy, or that any of his Predecessors, Rector9, or Ministers* of the said Parish, of Right had, or ought to have had and enjor J

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Trofteet to meet

the said Trustees^ or any eleven or more of them, to meet together at the House, known by the Sign of at the Plough o» the Plough, in Clapham aforesaid, on the Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as Monday conveniently may b<*, between the Hours of ten and two of the Clock of that Day, and the said Tru- Jthb flees shall then and there proceed to put this Act in Execution; and shall then, and from Time to Time Act; afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the and may after-laid Parish, as such Trustees shall think proper and convenient. ward*adjourn*

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That of all Meetings to be held in pur- Notice to W fuance of this Act (unless by Adjournment), previous Notice shall be given in the said old Church, till given,

the said intended Church shall be built or completed, and used for the Celebration 6f Divine Service, and

then in such new Church, on the Sunday next before such Meetings respectively, by the Minister or

Curate of the said Parish for the Time being, or some other Person to be appointed by him to give the same; and also by Writing, to be affixed on the Door or Doors of such Churches respectively, thereby

letting forth the Day, Hour, and Place, of such Meeting; And that upon all such Meetings the said Trustee»to<fe*

Trustees present thereat shall pay their own Expences. th*'®"*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any publick Meeting to be. held in pursuance of this p0i2offii§iC Act, to appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and aho a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers (not

being of the People called Quakers)) of the Rents and Assessments herein after mentioned; and likewise

24 C. 12. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Security.

Power to remove them, and appoint others,

and pay them salaries.

To allot a Pew to the Minister.

The rest of the Pews to be subject to annual Rents, and to such Regulations, &c. as shall be made by the Trustees,

An annual Payment to be made to the Rector, is a Satisfaction for his fix other Pews in the old Church.

Power of making Rules, Orders, and Regulations for keeping the new Church, and the said Churchyard, &c. in Repair.

No undue Preference to be taken by the Trtrft* a v ith

ref,->e& ro the setting of the Pc vis.

N Rents or Orders, &c. to be altered or repealed,

ercepr at a Meeting of th: Trial* ftcei.

one or more fit and able Person or Persons, if necessary, to inspect the Works intended to be carried on under or by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and alia to appoint such other Person or Persons as may be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act, with such Allowances as they shall think reasonable or proper; and shall and may take such Security as they shall think proper from the Person or Persons so to be employed and appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, for the due Discharge or Performance of their respective Undertakings, or of the Trusts in them respectively reposed: Anti that it shall and may be lawful likewise to and for such Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any such Meeting as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to remove such Person or Persons as may be so appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, and to appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or of such as shall happen to die, or may discontinue any such Office or Offices, as aforesaid, as and when they shall think fit or necessary so to do; and also by and out of the Monies arising by virtue or under the Power of this Act, to pay, or cause to be paid, such Salaries, or other Allowances, as such Trustees shall judge reasonable, for and in consideration of the Employment and Employments, Office and Offices, of the Persons so to be appointed as la ft aforesaid respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustee6, or any five or more of them, at any such Meeting or Meetings, to set out or allot unto or for the Rt&or or Minister of the said Parish Church for the Time being one of the Pews to be built or made in the said intended Church, for or in lieu of one of the seven Pews which the present Rector or Minister of the said old Church, and his Predecessors, Rectors thereof, have for Time immemorial of Right been intitled to have and enjoy therein, and without paying any Compensation or Satisfaction for the same, such new Pew not being inferior, in Point of Goodness and Convenience, to the Pew in the said old Church, now occupied by the present Tenant of the Parsonap'? House at Clapham aforesaid; but that the rest of the Pews and Seats in the said intended Church, shall, from Time to Time, be subject or liable to such annual Rems, and to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations with respect to the letting or disposing thereof to or amongst the Parishioners of the said Parish, as Audi be rated or assessed, and made, from Time to Time, by the said Trustees, or any five or mote of them, at any such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid.

4 X. And whereas the remaining fix Pews belonging to the said Rector, as aforesaid, have been usually let to some of the Parishioners of the said Parish at moderate Rents, and which do now amount to the annual Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings:, And whereas the said Rector is willing to relin- guish his Claim to an Allotment of Pews in the said intended new Church, as a Compensation for his said fix Pews in the said old Church, in consideration of having the clear annual Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings secured to be paid to him and his Successors, out of the annual Rents to be reserved and made payable to the said Trustees in respect of the said Pews in the said intended new Church; be it therefore enacted, That from the Time the said intended new Church shall be completed for the Celebration of Divine Service, there shall, yearly and every Year, for ever thereafter, be paid unto the said Rector, and his Successors, in Compensation and Satisfaction of and for the said fix Pews in the said old Church so belonging to the said Rector as aforesaid, the full annual Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings, by and out of the annual Rents which shall, from Time to Time, be collected and received for and in respect of the said Pews in the said intended new Church, as aforesaid, clear of all Taxes and De-ductions whatsoever; which said annual Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings the said Rector, and his Successors, shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to have, receive, demand, and take, of and from the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be the Collector or Collectors of the Rents of the said Pews in the said intended new Church; and every Payment so made by such Collector or Collectors shall be allowed 10 him or them by the said Trustees, as a full Discharge for the Sum of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings, in the Account of Monies which shall by him or them be collected for the Rents of the Pews in the said intended new Church as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or mote of them, at any such Meeting or Meetings, likewise to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the keeping of the said intended Church, and the Fence or Wall by which the Area encompassing the same shall be inclosed, and other the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also the said Church-yard or Cemetery, and the said North Aide or Place,^so to be appropriated and used for the performing of Funeral Service, as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, in good and sufficient Repair, and decent Order or Condition; and also such other Rules, Orders, and Regulations, in and concerning the Premises, or any of them, as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appear reasonable, necessary, and convenient.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no undue Preference whatsoever shall be had or taken by the said Trustees, or any of them, with respect to the letting or disposing of the said Pews or Scats; and that in the 11tting or disposing of any such Pews or Seats to or in favour of any of the said Trustees, such Trustee shall be, and he is hereby excluded from interfering or giving any Vote or Voice therein; and that no such Rents for Pews or Seats, or Rules, Orders, and Regulations so to be made as aforesaid, shall be in Force until confirmed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, not being interested as aforesaid, at the next or some subsequent publick Meeting or Meetings to be had in pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid; and that no such Rents of Pews or for Seats, nor any Rules, Orders, or Regulations, when so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be repealed or altered, except at a like Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden as aforesaid; and that such Trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled at such Meeting, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to 2ker such Rents, Rates, or Fees, and to repeal or alter such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any Part thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12. 25

[Pews to be numbered

inspected gratis.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, to cause the Several Pews and Seats, so to be built or set numbered> up in the said intended Church, as aforesaid, to be numbered, and the several Numbers thereof, and the tnd the Rent# annua) Rents at which the same, or any of them, shall be let or disposed of, to be entered in a Book to be *nte5d m provided for that Purpose, and to be preserved in the Vestry Room of such Church, and to be open to ®£ich the Jnfpc&ion of all Persons interested therein, at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

[Power to make

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it- shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of therin, at any publick Meeting to be holden in-purfuaftce of Contract with this Act, to receive Proposals from, and to contract! with, any Surveyor or Surveyors, Builder or Builders, Workmen, &c. or Workmen, for the building of the said intended new Church, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for

indoiing the Area round the same; and also for the taking down of such Part of the said old Church as by this Act is required or directed to be taken down, and for enclosing the said North Aide thereof, and making the same fit for the Purpose of performing Funeral Service therein as aforesaid5 and with the same, or any other Person or Persons, to treat and contract for the finding or providing proper Materials for the Purpose or Purposes aforesaid, and any other Materials, Matters, or Things, necessary or proper for effectually performing the Purposes of this Act, or any of them: And that the Contract or Contracts to be made on the several Occasions aforesaid, or any of them, shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons respectively with whom the same shall be respectively made or entered into; and shall respectively specify or contain the several Works to be done in pursuanceor in consequence thereof, and the Prices to be paid for the same respectively, and the Time or Times when such Works shall be completed, and the Quantity and Quality of the Materials to be delivered, and the Penalty to be suffered in case of Non-performance ofiuch Contract or Contracts; and that such Contract or Contracts, after the signing thereof as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book or Notice to W Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but that, previous to the making any pveoofmskio^ such Contract, ten Days Notice, at the least, expressing the Intention of making the same, shall be given ontraCU* in some of the Daily News papers, in order that any Person or Persons may have an Opportunity of making Proposals for any of the Purposes aforesaid to the said Trustees, at a certain Time and Place in

such Notice to be mentioned: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, so afiem-

bled as aforesaid, to take such Security from any Person or Persons entering into such Contracts, or any-#f them, for enforcing the due Performance thereof, as to the said Trustees mall seem necessary.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Powerofbnng*

the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Breach

Works to be done in pursuance of this Act to be inspected by a Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other comra6k, skilful Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint: And in case the same shall not be

well and sufficiently performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished or completed at or within the Time or Times that the same is or are agreed to be completed, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at their next or any subsequent Meeting, who shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of any two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, bring an Action of Debt, or upon the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law atWejl~ minster, against any Person or Persons making Default in the Premises, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in any such Contract, or for the Breach of any of the Covenants or Agreements therein contained, and to receive and apply the Money to be recovered in any such Action, after deduding the reout, in the first Place, the Expences or Charges necessarily attending the same, and not allowed therein, for the Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Powertocem. for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound or agree with the Pound« Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Actions, to be commenced for the Recovery of any such Penalty or Penalties, as aforesaid, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think reasonable, but not

less than the real Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach of the Contract or Contracts respectively, in which such Penalty or Penalties shall be contained, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rents of the said Pews and Seats Rent* of the shall, from Time to Time, be appropriated for the Purposes of this Act 5 but in regard the same will not PcwVol* ?P* ' be sufficient to answer such Purposes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or

more of them, and they are hereby directed or required, twice or oftener in every Year, if thought need- of the Act. fiul by them, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assess all and every Person and Persons who Power to make do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Vault, or other Tenement, Rates, within the said Parish, in any Sum of Money not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year of the not exceeding yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, or other Tenements, as the same shall, 6d. in the from Time to Time, be ascertained and rated by the Land Tax for the Time being; and that the Poun.d*. Monies to arise from such Assessment or Assessments, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be, and the same

are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied or appropriated by them for the Purposes of c °ncy* this Act, as well as the Rents of the said Pews and Seats, and in Aid thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons Coilfflorst®

who shall collect or receive any Money, for or on account of the said Rents of Pews and Scats, Rates cccuntHaif-jind Assessmentfc, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, once in fix cnc/urcquiwJ Months at least, and from Time to Time, as often as he or they shall be thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, deliver, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or unto such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a

26 C. 12. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

and to deliver of their Books and Vouchers, and pay over the Balance then ia their Hands to the Trustees.

On Refofal to be committed.

Balance of Accounts may be levied by Distress and Sale 3

and where Distress cannot be had, the Party to be committed till Payment or Composition be made.

The Rents and Rates to be collected Half-

yearly.

Power to levy the same.

Occupiers quitting without pa)in£ Rates,

may be distrained upon.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sef-&out.

Notice to be fives.

and perfect Account (and if required), upon Oath, which Oath the said Trustees, or anyone or more of them, is or are hereby impowered to administer, of all such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they hath or have collected or received, or which shall have been rated or assessed, as aforesaid, and not received, and of all other Matters and Things relating to his or their said Office or Offices; and shall deliver in all Books, Papers, and Vouchers, relating thereto, and shall pay unto the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall, by any Writing under their Hands, appoint, all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands: And if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver such Books, Papers, and Vouchers, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County aforesaid, to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, till he or they shall have made and delivered a true and perfect Account, and also delivered all such Books and Papers remaining in his or their Hands, as aforesaid; and in case the said Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, collected or received by virtue of this Act, and which shall remain in his or their Hands, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any two of the said Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, to levy such Sum or Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, rendering the Overplus (if any), after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted and paid; and for want of sufficient Distress to commit, or cause such Person or Persons to be detained in the said common Gaol of the said County, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the said Justices, until he or they shall have paid over all the Monies in his or their Hands, or compounded for the same, and shall have paid such Com* position-money in Manner aforesaid; which Composition the said Trustees, or any five or more of them* are hereby authorised and impowered to make and accept accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rents and Rates or Assess* ments shall be collected Half-yearly: And that if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall be rated or assessed for the Space of ten Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing, left at the Place of Abode or Habitation of such Person or Persons; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Colieflor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting, to pay the same: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed frorar the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to any two Justices of the Peace for the said County, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they arc, hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding; the Space of six Months, or until the Payment of such Rent and Rate or Assessment, and reasonabla Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons, who shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelline-house, Warehouse, Shop* or other Tenement, for or in respect whereof he, she, or they, respectively mail be so rated or assessed as, aforesaid, before he, she, or they, shall have paid his, her, or their said Rate or Assessment, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due and demanded by the Person Or Persons authorised and appointed-to collect and ieceive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County, which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and impowered to grant, into any Place within their respective Jurisdictions, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or counter signed by (omc Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made, to distrain the Good* and Chattels of such Person and Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be), after deducting the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the same.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself* herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, or any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply to the Justices of the Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Surrey, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, but so as that such Appeal shall be made within two Months* next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and that the Person or Persons so appealing shall first give, or cause to be given* ten Days Notice, at the lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention of appealing, as aforesaid, and of the Matter or Cause thereof, to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and within two-Days after such Notice enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County* with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at the then next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County, and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; and that such Justices, upon the hearing and finally determining the Matter of such Appeal, shall and may, and they are hereby directed or required to award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and that their Determination in or concerning the Premises shall be conclusive to all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georg III. C. 12. 27

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Coiie&onto be for the Receivers and Collectors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons J'

to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, at all convenient ,£n;, of Times, to inspect the Books of Assessments of the Land Tax for the said Parish, in order to ascertain the L*j»dT»*. Rates and Assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, and to take Copies thereof* if necessary, at the Expence of the said Trustees; and that such Copies respectively, after the same shall have been examined with the original Assessment or Assessments, of which the same shall purport to be Copies respectively, and shall be duly attested or proved as true Copies thereof, shall be read or admitted as Evidence of such original Assessment or Aikflments respectively on the Matter of any such Appeal, as aforesaid.

XXIII. And forasmuch as the borrowing of Money upon the Credit of this Act will be the most Power to bor*

speedy and effectual Method to accomplish. the good and pious Purposes aforesaid/ be it therefore en- row Money* acted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to lend

or advance, at legal or lower Interest, to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, authorise and impower to receive the same, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of six thousand Pounds Sterling, and for which notexcceilag Sum or Sums so to be lent and advanced as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so lending or advancing the 60001. fame respectively shall be a Creditor or Creditors; and that the Monies so to be lent or advanced, toge- Money to be therwith the I mere ft* thereof, Qx all be charged and chargeable on the said Rents of Pews and Seats, and charge*1^ on the said Rates or Assessments so to be levied or raised as aforesaid; and that the Monies so to be borrowed R-ems ani

as aforesaid shall be applied by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for the Purposes of Rate,‘

this Act.

XXIV. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to borrow such Monies upon the Credit of Tj.urtee*

this Act, as aforesaid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be e« fo"1*

lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their fencurinag t*r Hands and Seals, to grant, bargain, fell, or assign, the clear yearly Ipcome arising, or to arise, from Money bo*, the Rents of the said Pews apd Seats (subject to such Payment thereopt of the yearly Sum of twelve rowed.

Pounds and twelve Shillings to the said Rector, and his Successors, as aforesaid), and the said Rates or Assessments, so to be levied or raised as aforesaidj or any of them, or a competent Part thereof, or of any of them, to such Person or Persons as shall so lend or advance Monies thereon, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators,-or Assigns, as a Security, by way of Mortgage, for the Repayment of the Money so to be lent and advanced by him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof; which Security, by way of Mortgage, as aforesaid, shall and may be made by the Form of Words following, or any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say,

BY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in, the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty c JO King George the Third, for vesting a Piece of waste Ground within, and Parcel of, the Manor c of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon, we of the Trustees, in consideration of the Sum of to A: B. our Treasurer, in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and assign, unto C.

4 D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rents, Rates, and AlVeffments,

arising, or to arise, by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of % doth or shall bear to the whole of the Sum advanced, or to be advanced, on the Credit thereof, to be had and Eolden, received and taken, by the said C* D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from this Day of until the said Sum of with Interest for the same* at the Rate of, per Centum per Annua* by equal Half-yearly Payments, shall be repaid and satisfied/

And Copies of all such Securities shall be entered in a Book or Books, to, be kept for that purpose by Copieioffcc*. the Clerk to the said Trustees; and all and every, person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities ftull be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, is and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to assign or transfer, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security or Securities, and to be executed in the Presence of tyro or more credible YViuiesses, all his* her, or their Right or Interest in or to such Security or Securities,' and the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Assignment or Transfer so to be made shall, and may be in the Form of Words following, or itl any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say,

'I Do transfer this Mortgage, and all my Right and Interest in and to the principal Money hereby 4 X. secured, and in and to all Interest now due upon the same, unto of his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this, 1 Day of

And that all such Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said A/signmtntit* Trustees for the Time being, within forty Days next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry bemertd* of such Transfers and Assignments respectively to be made, containing, in Words at Length, the Dates *hcBw©ki. of, and the Names of the Parties to, such Assignments and the Sums of Money thereby assigned and transferred in the said Book or Books so to Ik kept for entering the said original Assignments and Conveyances, and for which Entry or Entries respectively the Clerk shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling, and no more: And that the Book or Books in which such Entry or Entries Audi be made shall and may, at

28 C. 12. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Materials arising from the old Church vested in the Trustees.

:urne®f», d*»wn to be :»vired m flbrrv orh* r i'art of the o‘d or new Church.

The Tru fleet

Receipt* and Payments to be entered in Books,

and all other Proceedings under the Act

Power of electing new Trustees

The Owner of the Manor of Clapham to be #ne of such new Trustees.

all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward, by tty Person or Persons interested in any such Security or Assignment; and that, after such Entry made, such Alignment and Trans* fer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof; and that such Assignee may, in Manner aforesaid, like wife assign and transfer again, and so toties juoties; and that it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Assignment ot Transfer to discharge or make void the same, or any Monies due thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Materials a Hfing from such Part or Parts of the said old Church, as is or are hereby directed to be taken down as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees y and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to sell or dispose of the same, or so much thereof, as shall not be used or appropriated by them for the Purpose of inclosing the said North Aisle of the said old Church, and fitting up the same for the Purpose of performing Funeral Service therein, as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing or defirotis to purchase the same: And that the Money arising by such Sale or Sales, after defraying the reout, in the first Place, the Expence9 necessarily attending the same, shall be applied to or for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the taking

down of such Part of the said old Church, as is so directed to be taken down as aforesaid, as little Damage shall be done to the Graves, Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monumental Inscriptions, in and about the same, as reasonably may be: And that such of the said Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monumental Inscriptions, as shall be necessarily removed on account thereof, shall be fixed or placed in such other Part or Parts of the said old Church, except upon the North or East Walls thereof, or in the said new Church, for answering, as far as may be, the Purpose or Purposes for which the same were originally placed or put up, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, in their Discretion, think fit: And that such Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monumental Inscriptions, and also all and every the Vaults, Grave Stones, Monuments, and Monumental Inscriptions, and Right of Burial, in such Part of the said old Church as shall not be so taken down, as aforesaid, being the particular Property of any Person or Persons now living, or belonging to the Families berried in or under the said old Church, shall continue to belong to such Person or Families respectively, in like Manner as before and at the Time of passing this Act.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall cause Entries to be made of all such Sums of Money as shall be received from or on account of the said Rents, Rates, or Assessments, and from the said Materials, and otherwise, under this Act; and also from or on account of the voluntary Subscriptions of Persons disposed to promote the said pious Undertaking, and also of all Payments, Debts, and Credits, to be made, or caused to be made, by the said Trustees, or which shall arise from* or be occasioned by, the carrying of the Powers of this Act into Execution, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, and also of all other their Proceedings under this Act, to be written or entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and that such Book or Books shall, from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, be open io the Inspectori and Perusal of any Person or Persons paying, or liable to pay, any of the said Rents, Rates, or Assessments, or voluntarily contributing any Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And, in order to keep up a constant Succession of Trustees for executing the Purposes of this Act, until the same shall be answered or satisfied,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as the Number of the said present Trustees, or of any future Trustees hereafter to beeleded and appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall be reduced to twenty resident within the said Parish, either by Death, Resignation, or the Non-residence of any such Trustees, or from any Disability to ad in the said Trust, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any ten or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, (without any Stamp thereon) to nominate, elect, and appoint, one or more fit and able Person or Persons, being Parishioners of the said Parish, and being Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants respectively, of a House of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds at the least, clear of all Taxes and Assessments, to be Trustees with them for the Purposes of this Act, and which Persons, so to be chosen and appointed, shall be and are hereby invested with the several powers given or granted by this Act to the Trustees herein and hereby nominated and appointed.

---

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Proprietor of the said Manor of Clapham for the Time being, or the Person who shall for the Time being be beneficially interested therein in Possession, and not being under any Disability to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, shall be one of the said Trustees so to be nominated, elected, and appointed, as aforesaid.

[Trustees having any interest in the Contrasts, &c. to be disabled from acting.]

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said present or future Trustees so to be chosen for the Purposes of this Act, as aforesaid, shall undertake any Part of the Building of the said intended Church, or any of the Works relating thereto, or to the inclosing thereof, or to the said old Church, and the inclosing of the said North Aisle thereof, as aforesaid, or shall have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the several Matters aforesaid, or any of them, every such Person shall, during the Time of his being so interested in the Premises, be utterly disabled from acting in the said Trust; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Rates to cease when the Debts are paid off.]

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said intended Church, with the Appurtenances, shall be completed, and the Works, with respect to the said old Church, shall be done or performed, and the Monies, so to be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12. 29

---

and the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied, and all Debts contracted on account of carrying the Powers of this Act into Execution, be paid, the said Rates or Assessments shall cease, and the said Tews *nd the Pew* u or Seats in the said intended Church shall, from thenceforth, at all Times afterwards, be let or disposed and dir* df, subjcd to the Conttads then existiftgwith respect thereto (if any), by the Inhabitants of the said Tarish, in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them then present; and that the Money from thenceforth to arise from the letting or disposing of the said PeWs, and also such Sum or Sums of Money, received under this Act, from the Rents of the said Pews or Seats, and the said Rates or Assessments, iand otherwise, as shall remain unapplied after the Purposes of this Act shall be satisfied, shall be applied, subject to such yearly Payment of twelve Pounds and twelve Shillings thereout to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, as aforesaid, for the Benefit of the Parishioners of the said Parish, in such Manner as they in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them then present, shall think fir.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Charge* of thfr pepces, of passing of this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, Act how to b« paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies arising by virtue thereof, or from such voluntary Contribu- Potions as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment, writing* to be Information, Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Secu- without Stamp*, rity, for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act,

shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made Difcef* not tot* for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of -,he mik* any Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties distrain- xitfMffcr ing be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards sbiwitio* 9 be done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Case. Provided always, That no Tender of A-Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action or Actions, for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other mend* may be Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who ®ad*for shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful TteB*f9>&* Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, and Money paid in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. into Court.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touch- Proceeding* not ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter to berthed for Or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed want of Form, for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.]

XXaVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Noricetobe menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one iivcn«f.briD§* Days Notice shall be thereof given, in Writing, to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Months next after the Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and Limitation of every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such Matters and Actionl» Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant and Defendants, in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this General Iflbf* Ad, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in' any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy Treble Co6#» for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to lake Notice thereof as such without the same being specially pleaded.

30 C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for enabling Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, to make and maintain a navigable Canal*' from the River Colder (between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge and the Mouth of the River Colne) to The King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Calder, in the West

Riding of the County of York, to a Mill called The King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the said West Riding, will be of particular Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parts adjacent, and of publick Utility: And whereas Sir John Ramsden, Baronet (a Minor), is sole Proprietor of the said Town (except one House), and of a considerable Part of the Lands through which the said

Canal is proposed to be made: And whereas Dame Margaret Ramsden, and Thomas Ramsden, Esquire,

Trustees of the said Sir John Ramsden, are desirous that the said Sir John Ramsden may be enabled to make and maintain such Canalmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

?r John Rarer- fame. That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir John den to make the Ramsden, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, and he and they is and are hereby fully authorised and im-*° powered, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to make, maintain, and support, a navigable

Cana) for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said River Calder, between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge and the Mouth of the River Colne, along the North Side of the said River, to a Mill called The King*s Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield aforesaid; and also to make all necessary Cuts, Trenches, Passages, and Works whatsoever for supplying the said Canal whilst the same shall be making, and like* wife when made, with Water from the said River Colne 5 and also from any other Rivers, Brooks, Streams, Springs, Waters, and Watercourses, which communicate with the said Canal, or which are or maybe found within the Distance of two Miles of any Part thereof; and for that Purpose, the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, and his and their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Labourers, is and are hereby authorised and impowered, in, upon, or through the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, to dig, cut, trench, sough, and remove Earth, Stones, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, and all other Obstructions, which may any wife hinder or prevent the making, maintaining, and using the said Canal, and the Towing-paths on th; Sides thereof: And it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, to make, maintain, and repair all such Trenches, Passages, Gutters, and Watercourses, as shall be necessary and proper to be made to convey Water to and from the said Canal; and also to raise, strengthen, and support the Banks of the said Canal, and also the Towing-paths, Trenches, Passages, Guttets, and Watercourses respectively; and to make Weirs and convenient Places for discharging the Water front the said Canal; and to make such Back Drains, Gutters, or Trenches, as shall be necessary or proper to prevent any Damage to the Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying near the said Cana), by the oozing or flowing of Water from or out of the same; and to make, maintain, enlarge, open, or alter, any Roads, Ways, Passages, Cuts, Locks, Trenches, Sluices, and other Conveniences, to or from the said Canal for the carrying and conveying Goods, Commodities, and other Things, to and from the same { and also to erect Cranes, weighing Beams and other Engines for loading or unloading Goods, Commodities, and other Things, where the same shall be necessary; and to inclose and appropriate such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds adjoining to the said Canal, 'hs shall be necessary or proper for Houses; Warehouses, Wharfs, Quays, or Docks, and to make, maintain, repair, and alter, any Bridges, Arches, or Passages, over, under, or through, the said Canal, or the said Trenches, Passages, Gutters, Watercourses, and Sluices respectively, which mall communicate therewith; and to make and set up such Posts, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Banks, and other Fences, on the Side or Sides of the said Canal, in such Places as he or they shall think necessary and proper for separating and dividing the Towing-paths from the adjoining Lands; and also to ger, dig, lay, and convey away Soil, Clay, Gravel, Stones, or other Materials or Things, proper, requisite, or convenient, for making, carrying on, continuing, or repairing, the said Canal, and all other Matters and Works pioper and necessary for making, maintaining, and using, the said Navigation, in, from, through, and over any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying near to the said Canal, or other Works aforesaid (not being the Ground whereon any House hands, or not being an Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, Nuriery for Trees, or Avenue to a House, which were planted and set apart as such before the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three); and to do, perform, and execute, all such other Works, Matters, and Things, necessary or proper for the making, carrying on, completing, maintaining, and using, the said Navigation, as hethe said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, shall, from Time to Time, think fit 5 he and they, or his or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, doing as little Damage as may be to and upon the Premises, and first making Satisfaction in Manner herein after mentioned to the respective Owners of, and Persons interested in, such Lands, Grounds, or Premises, as shall be used, removed, or prejudiced, in or by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted.

Porrir k, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies

ecc. impowered Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, (o ucat. Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of their cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-

covert,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. 31

covert, or other Person or Persons, and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested, in their own Right, and for every other Person and Persons however incapacitated, who are or Hull be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be cut, digged, damaged, altered, removed, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or to facilitate the carrying on and effecting the said Navigation, to contrail for, fell, and convey, unto the said Sir John Ramfdenr his Heirs and Assigns, or to such Person and Persons as he or they shall nominate and appoint for the Purposes of this Act, all or any Part of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, either in Consideration of a Sum of Money to be paid in Gross, or of an annual Rent and Payment to be charged and secured as herein after mentioned j and where, by making the said Canal, the Property of any Land Owner shall be separated into small Parcels, so as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and other such Land Owners, by and with Consent of the Commissioners to be appointed as herein after mentioned, or any three or more of them, to be testified by any Writing or Writings, to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of, and attested by, two or more credible Witnesses, to contrail for, fell, and dispose of, or to convcv in Exchange in lieu of other Lands, all or any Pait of such Lands or Grounds through which the said Canal shall be made, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices in Money, I or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall seem reasonable:}

And that all such Contrails, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effec-| tual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary! thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons, whomsoever, so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what he, she, or they,) or any of them, shall respectively do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act: And all such Contralts, J Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances (other than those which concern any Purchase or Ex-i change between any such respective Land Owners to be made as aforesaid), shall, at the Expence of the* the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, be inrolled in the publick Register Office at Wakefiddy' in the said West Riding of the County of York, and true Copies thereof respectively shall be allowed to be good Evidence in ail Courts whatsoever; for which Inrolment shall be paid the Sum of Two pence and no more for every two hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

III. And in order to settle Differences which may arise between the said S\r John Ramsden, his Heirs- Comm*fli>aam and Assigns, and the several Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, *PP°mu<1*

4 Hereditaments, and Premises, which shall or may be affelled or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, touching the Purchase money to be paid, or Recompence to be made, toj them respectively be it therefore enacted, Thar Sir George Armitage Baronet, Joseph Armitage, George Armitage, John Armytoge, John Atkinson, John Arthington, Thomas Arthington, Bryqn Allott Clerk, Richard

Ailott Clerk, James Allott, Robert Arthington, Charles Allan fan, Richard Henry Beaumont, Musgrave BriJcoA John Battye, Daniel Battye, Burton Clerk, Richard Burton, Edmund Barkery Godfrey Bofville,

Brooke, Thomas Beaumont, Arthur Burton, Richard Buxton, William Bankes, William Beatfon, John Crof dandy John Cook [on M. D. James Garry Richard Cottony George Cottony John Daiifon, Jeremiah Dixon, Robert Den-nism, William Denmfon, Edward Elmfall, Henry Elmjall Clerk, James Farrer, James Farrer junior, William

Fenton, Benjamin Farr and, Edward Gregg Hofwood, William Horsfall, William Hague, John Haigh, Thomas Haigh, Walter Hawksworth, Thomas Hirjl, Thomas Holroyd, Thomas Holroyd junior, Sir James Ibbetson Bara* net. Sir John Lifter Kaye Baronet, Richard Kennett, Sir William Lowther Baronet, Pemberton Milnes, Gilbert

Adichell, John Milnes, James Milnes, Richard Milnes, John Alichell Clerk, - Montjoy Clerk, Joftah'

Morley, John Milnes, Robert Milnes, James Maude, Francis Maude, Richard Milnes, Richard Mickle-thwait, Jonathan Nicholl, Benjamin North, William North, Sir Lionel Pi Iking ton Baronet, Michael Pilk~-ington, Harrison Pi Iking ton, William Radcliffe, Sir George Savile, Sir Savile Shngjby Baronets, John Smyth,

John Silvester Smith, William Serjeantfon, Robert Scott, Robert Smith Clerk, John Spencer, Sidney Sivinney Clerk, Thomas Thornhill, George Thornhill, Richard Thornton, Joseph Trotter Clerk, William Tottie, Sir Ti)omas Wentworth, Sir Rowland Winn, Baronets; William Walker, William Walker junior, John Walker*

Joseph Walkery John Woollin, Henry Wickham, John Winn, Benjamin Wtlfon Clerk, Thomas Wilson Clerk*

William Whit acre, John kk hit acre, Andrew Wilkinson, Henry Zouch Clerk, and Samuel Zouch; shall be* and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the settling, determining, and adjusting, all Questions, Mat-fen, and Differences, which shall or may arise between the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns* and the several Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that shall or may be affeHed or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby" granted: And they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered, by"

Writing under their Hands and Seals (with the Consent of the Parties concerned), to determine andi adjust, from Time to Time, what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, either by an annual Rent or Payment, or by a Sum of Money in Gross, by and at the Election of the said Owners of, and Persons interested in, such Messuages, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, to such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons respectively, who shall be intitled or interested as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be cut, digged, damaged, altered, removed, or used for the Purposes of this Act; and also to determine and adjust the Recompence to be made for any Damages occasioned by Commissioner* any of the Works of the said Navigation, which may, at any Time or Times hereafter, be sustained by to determine such Bodies Politick, Comorate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of, Difference* or interested in, any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or by reason of the making* repairing, or maintaining, the said Canal, or any of the Banks, Cuts* Trenches, Passages, Gutters* Watercourses, or Sluices, or of supplying the said Canal with Water as aforesaid, or by obstructing and

32 C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

impounding the Water, or by the flowing, leaking, or oozing of the Water over or through the Banks of the said Canal, Cuts, Trenches, or Sluices, or over or through any Passages, Gutters, or Watercourses* which shall be made pursuant to the Powers hereby given, or by not cleansing the said Watercourses, Trenches, or Passages, or by turning or diverting any Streams.or Brooks into the said Canal, or by reason or means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained, by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, his or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or by means or in consequence of any of the Works to be made, for the Purpose of making and supporting the said Navigation, in case such Price or Value, Damages, and Recompence respectively, cannot be settled, adjusted, and agreed for, determined by and between the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, and Persons interested in any Messuages, Lands, Tene-Batifthe Parties ments, and Hereditaments, as aforesaid: And if the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, for and re diflatUfied, on the Part and Behalf of him or themselves; or if any such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or they may have a other Person or Persons so interested or intitled as aforesaid, for and on his, her, or their Parts, shall refuse to submit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or shall be dissatisfied with any Determination which shall be by them made as aforesaid 5 and if any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons intitled or interested as aforesaid, shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof made, such Purchase money or annual Rent, or such Recompence as shall be so determined to be paid; or shall, upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands or Grounds, for the Space of twenty Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Sir John Ramsden^ his Heirs or Assigns, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement as shall be convenient for making the Canal and other Works aforesaid, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim 5 then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are herAy impowered and required from Time to Time, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of York for the Time being; and in case the said Sir John Ramsden, or any other Person interested in the Matter in question, shall at such Time happen to be Sheriff of the said County, then to the Coroner or Coroners of the said West Riding of the said County, requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to impanel, summon, and return, a Jury of twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than nine Days, nor more than twenty Days, after such Warrant shall be served upon such Sheriff or Coroner: And in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to mfcke up the said Jury to the Number of twelve; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to summon and call before -them all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witness'es touching the Matters in question; and may order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters, in Controversy; which Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, any one of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer), shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall give Judgment for such Purchase-monies, Rent, or Recompence, so to be act'efled by such Juries; which fafd Verdict, and the Judgment thereupon pronounced by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them, shall be binding and conctufive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever.

Beiulty on She-

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds: summon11 luHes And any ^erf°n summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing.re* when required. fuse to be sworn or give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing refuse to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence; every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; to be levied by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Penalty, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

How the Ex-

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict or Assessment shall bd given or made for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-_ *ie 10 c PA* - ments, or for any Damage to be done thereto, or to the Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or than had been determined and allelled determined by the said Commissioners; that then ah the Expences of Summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest, shall be settled by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of then^, and be defrayed by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns: But if any Verdict or Assessment shall

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. 33

be given or made for no more or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or than had been determined and assessed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the Costs and Expences of fammoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Sir John Ramsden^ his Heirs or Assigns, (halt have such Controversy or Dispute.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons making Complaint, and requeuing Perfa

such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners shall issue their Warrant or Warrants for summoning such >* 1 JttTT* Jury as aforesaid, first enter into Bond with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Eypences of summoning luchjury, and taking such Inquest. in

case a Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Sir John Ramfderty his Heirs or Assigns, or than had been assessed by the said Commissioners before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or Damages as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not take Notice of any Complaint to Timellaut«4f be made by any Person or Persons whatsoever for any Injury by him, her, or them, sustained, or supposed »a.kJ*g

to be sustained, unless Application shall be made in relation thereto by or ort Behalf of such Person or Per- * font to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or AfEgns, or to his or their known Agent or Agents within lix Months next after the passing of this Act, or next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damages shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who, in any Examination to be Penalty m git-taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the Commissioners, or any three or more of MfeEri-them, or before any Justice of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; ana, upon Convidioa

thereof, shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

IX. And be it further enacted, That ypon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, as Upon P«yo*at shall be contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or be determined and adjudged by the said Commis- of Money, M (toners, or any three or more of them, or assessed by such Juries in manner respectively as aforesaid, for the *7*j*k Purchase of any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, to the Owners JtfcBFV‘ thereof, or other Persons intitled to receive such Monies or Ran respectively, or legal Tender thereof made

to such Owner, or other Person or Persons, or to the principal Officer or Officers of any Body Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined or assessed; or if he, she, or they, cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept such Money or Rent, upon Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint, for the Use of, and to be paid upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, to such Owners or Persons respectively as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, such Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, and the Fee-simple and Inheritance thereof, shall from thenceforth be veiled in, and become, for ever, the sole Property of the said Sir John Ramsden^ his Heirs and Assigns: And it shall and may be lawful for him and them, and his and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the same, and to dig, cut, trench, sough, and remove. Earth, Stone,

Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, and all other Obstructions, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing, the said Canal, and Towing-oaths on the Sides thereof, in or upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which such Satisfaction shall be determined or assessed as aforesaid \ and thereupon to make, erect, or do any Works, Matters, or Things, for the effecting and carrying on the said Navigation, and for the supporting and maintaining the same, as the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, shall think requisite; and to have, use, and enjoy, the Premises to and for his and their own Use and Benefit for the Purposea of the said Navigation, discharged of all Rights and Claims whatsoever thereon: And this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify as well the said Commissioners, as the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, and his and their Servants, Agents, and-Workmen, for what they, or any of them, shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Determinations of the said Commissioners, or any three or verJtA«t»H more of them, which shall be submitted to, and acquiesced in, by the Parties concerned, and also the said imotlc4. Verdicts and Judgments, being first signed by three or more of the Commissioners who shall be present at

the making of such Determinations, or the taking of such Verdicts, and pronouncing such Judgments respectively, shall be inrolled in the publick Register Office at Wakefield, in the said West Riding of the County of York5 and the same, or true Copies thereof respectively shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to iniped the same, as also the Inrolments of such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, as are herein-before mentioned, paying for each Inspection the Sum of one Shilling; and to take Copies thereof without Stamps, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of two Pence, and so in proportion for any Number of Words r And immediately on such Payment, and Entries of such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees,

Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court and Juries, all the Estate, Right, Tide, Interest, Use,

Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons for whose Use such

Money or Rent shall be paid, in, to, and out of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns; and he and they (bail respectively be deemed in Law to be in the actual fceifin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person, having any Estate in the Premises, had actually conveyed the (lose Co them by Lease and Release, Bargain and bale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Sciiirt, Fine, Rtco-ver^or^amjr other legal Conveyance whatsoever \ aiuj such Payment shall 00c only bar all Right, Title

34 C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Porch a fe-mr nits due to Corporations, to be laid out to the same Uses at Estates pure hated.

Commissioner* to settle Proportions of the Purchase Monies,

In case the Parties are dissatisfied, they n ay appeal to the Jud^e of Aihie.

In ftefanlt of Payment, Rates to be liable*

If Costs are not paid, hew they are to be recovered.

Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but alfa shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower or Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion or Remainder, against the Issue or Issues of such Person and Persons, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, as effectually as a Fine or Recovery, or either of them, would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to Bodies Politick, Cor- ‘ porate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust:, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants* Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes covert, or other cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands are limited in strict Settlement, for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands or Grounds aforesaid, shall, in case the same exceeds the Sum of twenty Pounds by such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust:, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons, seized of Lands or Grounds so limited in strict Settlement, be laid qut, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee-simple; and conveyed to, or to the Use of, such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or to and for such other Person and Persons, and for such Estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands or Grounds, for or in respedj whereof such Purchase-monies, or Monies received in Exchange, shall be paid as aforesaid, were limited, settled, and assured, at the Times such Purchase-monies were so agreed for* ascertained, or assessed respectively, as aforesaid, or so many of such Uses as shall be then existing and capable of taking Effect; such Conveyances and Settlements (other than those whichcopcern any rurchase or Exchange between any of the respective Land Owners as aforesaid) to be made at the Expence of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns; and, in the mean time, and until such Purchase and Purchases shall be made, the said Monies shall tye placed out by such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Com-ipittees, or other Trustees, Person or Persons, in some of the Publick Funds, or on Government or real Securities, in the Names of Two Persons; the one to be nominated by the Party or Parties interested therein, and the other by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; and the Interest arising, or to be produced, from such Funds or Securities, and also the annual Rent for such Meffuaees, Lands, Tei>ements, or Hereditaments, where a Rent shall be fixed upon as aforesaid, which shall be a Rent-charge, charged and chargeable upon the Rates or Dues hereby authorised to be taken by the said Sir John RamJdeny his Heirs or Assigns, Ihafl be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would, for the Time being, be intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled pursuant to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and reauired to settle what Shares and Proportions of the Purchase-monies, or Recompense for Damages, which shall be so agreed for determined by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, or determined and adjusted by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or assessed by the said Juries in Manner respectively as aforesaid, shall be allowed and paid to each Tenant or other Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Interest, in the Premises, for his, her, or their respective Interests therein; except in such Cases where the same are herein directed to be laid out and invested in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XIII. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Determination and Adjustment of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, within six Months next after such Determination and Adjustment, to appeal to the Judge of Assize for the County of York\ which Judge is hereby authorised and required to hear, and finally to determine and adjust the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in Default of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, at such Times, and in such Manner, as shall be assessed and awarded for Damages of any Kind, by virtue of this Act, by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or by any Jury, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to receive one half of the Rates or Dues by this Act imposed; and thereout, in the first Place, to pay all such Damages so to be determined or assessed as aforesaid, with the Costs (if any) occasioned by such Refusal or Default of Payment, together with legal Interest for the same, to be computed from the Time such Damages shall be awarded; and the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons Ihaljl and is hereby declared to be as so much Money received to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall he intitled to receive such Satisfaction for Damages as aforesaid, in Order and Course respectively, as such. Determination shall be in Priority of Time; and after such Damages and Costs shall be paid and satisfied* the Power and Authority of such Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and determine, or otherwise such Party or Parties so aggrieved shall and may have a Remedy for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded, which shall not be paid according to the Judgment of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, with Interest and Costs for the same as aforesaid, by Action at Law, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, to recover the same with full Costs of Suit.

XV. Provided always, That in case the Damages, Interest, or Costs, by this Act provided to be satisfied out of the Rates or Dues herein after granted, shall not be Satisfied and paid within the Space of twelve Months next after the same shall be so determined or assessed as aforesaid; that then, and in such Case, the iiud Commissioners, or any three or mor«i of them, upon Complaint made to them by or on Behalf of the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. 35

Annual Rents how recoverable.

Rate of Tonnage.

Person or Persons sustaining such Damage, are hereby authorised and required to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under *heir Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of York, authorising and impowering such Sheriff to levy and raise the Damages, so determined and assessed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, together with such reasonable Charges as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, in such Warrant, direct and appoint.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed upon, or settled and ascertained as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable on the Rates or Dues arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or A feigns, as the same shall become due and payable: And in case of Nonpayment thereof within twenty Days next after the same shall become due, and a Demand thereof made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to receive one Moiety of the said Rates or Dues, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and unpaid, as aforesaid, until such yearly Rents or Sums, with the Coffs and Charges of recovering and receiving the same, shall be fully satisfied and paid; or otherwise the said yearly Rents or Sums may be sued for and recovered, with Coffs, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; or, at the Election of the Parties intitled thereto respectively, may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Sir John Ramsden% his Heirs or Assigns, in such Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent; but so, neverthelds, that the Goods and Chattels of no other Person or Persons than the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, be seized or detained by virtue of the Powers hereby given.

[Rates may be lowered and raised again.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, in consideration of the Expences of making and maintaining the said Canal, and of carrying this Act Into Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir John Ramsden^ his Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, toafk, demand, recover, and to take, to and for his and their own proper Use and Behoof, for Tonnage, for all Goods, Wares,

Merchandise, Commodities, or other Things whatsoever, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon or along the said Canal, such Rates and Dues (over and above what shall or may be paid for the Freight or Carriage thereof) as the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, shall think fit, not exceeding the Rates and Dues following; (that is to say) for every Ton of Stones, Slates, Flaggs, Lime, Lime-stones, or Coals, the Sum of Eight-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Weight than a Ton; and for every Ton of Goods, Wares, Merchandise, Commodities, or Things whatsoever, not hereinbefore enumerated, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Weight than a Ton 5 and for every Ton of Stones, Slates, Flaggs, Lime, or Lime-stones, Coals, Goods,

Wares, Merchandise, Commodities, and other Things whatsoever, or any of them, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon the said Canal, for any less Distance than the whole Length thereof, such Proportion of the said Rates or Dues as shall be equal to such Distance, or as near the same as conveniently may be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, to reduce and lower the Rates and Dues aforesaid; and afterwards, from Time to Time, to raise and advance the same again to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rates or Dues herein-before granted; but no such Reduction or Advancement shall at any Time be confined to any particular Part of the said Canal, or to any particular Thing to be carried or conveyed as aforesaid; but the said Rates or Dues shall always extend to, and be equal upon, the whole Length €>f the said Cana], at the same Time: And the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, shall cause a Table of the Rates or Dues which shall, from Time to Time, be demanded and taken upon the said Canal, to be fixed up in the publick Market-house of the said Town of Huddersfield, to the End that all Persons concerned may know what Rates and Dues are to be paid for navigating upon the said Canal.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Dues herein-before granted, or which stir.ll be re- DVeaion* how duced or raised again, as aforesaid, shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Place and Places, R,r*s shall be Hear the said Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs recovered, and Assigns, shall order, direct, and appoint: And in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, or any Part thereof, on Demand, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may sue for and recover the same with full Costs, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any Court of Record; or the Person or Persons to whom the said Rates or Dues Ought to be paid as aforesaid, may, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to seize and detain any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, or any Boat, Barge, or Vessel, for which such Rates or Dues ought to be paid; and in case such Rates or Dues shall not be paid within the Space of five Days next afier any such Seizure made, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Dues, to fell such Goods, Wares, Merchandise, Boats, Barges, or Vessels* rendering the Overplus arising by such Sale (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after the said Rates or Dues, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure, Detention, and Sale, shall be deducted, satisfied, and paid.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Rates or Dues shall be due, paid, or de- Soaper's Waffe, fnanded, for any Soaper's Waste, Dung, or any Sort of Manure, for the Use only of the Lands through Dun;, &c. ex. Which the said Can?l shall be cut, or within one Mile of the said Canal (except Lime and Lime-stones), empu-dtrom for being carried upon the said Canal, or any Part thereof; so that the Things hereby exempted from the Ratct* Payment of such Rates and Dues do not pass through any Lock but at the Time when the Water shall

flow over the Dam called Shore Foot Dam; and that no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, making use of the said Navigation, shall be charged or chargeable with any of the Rates or Dues aforesaid, unless such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall pass through some Lock* but all such Persons who shall own, or

36

Ptoflti of Ae

Navigation oot to exceed 61. per Cent, per Ann.

Person t to heap-pointed to keep an Account of the Receipt* and Payments,

Arc#

tommifloBevt impowered to examine the Books of Ac-o* At, fee.

ILf&Jkr* of Boats to give an &c. count of tbcic fading*

In case of Difference, Goods to be neighed.

36 C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

be concerned or employed in using, the said Navigation as aforesaid, shall make good any Damages that jay be done to the Sides or Banks of the said Canal, or any Part thereof, by the loading, unloading, or discharging, any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels; which Recompence and Satisfaction, in case or any Difference, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the clear Profits to be received from the said Navigation shall never exceed the Sum of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon all such Money as shall be actually laid out and expended in making, maintaining, fuparting, and ma* naging, the said Navigation, and the several Works relating thereto, and in defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act.

XXII. And, in order to afeerrain the Amount of the clear Profits of the said Navigation/ be it further enacted, That the said Sir John Ramsden% his Heirs and Assigns, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to appoint a proper Person, who shall enter in one or more Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, a true, exafl, and particular Account of all Monies which shall from Time to Time, be laid out and expended in making, maintaining, and preserving, the said Canal; and of all Charges and Expences which shall, from Time to Time, be incurred on account of the said Navigation, and the several Works thereunto belonging! and also a true, exafl, and particular Account of the Races-or Dues collected or received by virtue of this Act: And the Person so appointed to enter such Accounts.* aforesaid, shall, at the End of every Year, make up, balance, and sign the same: And if at any Time, upon making up and upon balancing the said Accounts, it shall appear that the clear Profits of the said Navigation mail, within such Year, have exceeded the Rate of ux Pounds ter Centum on all such Money as shall have been laid out and expended for making, maintaining* and supporting, the said Canal, and in defraying the Charges and Expences which shall have been incurred on account of the said Navigation, as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the several Rates or Dues to be taken during the Course of one entire Year, to be computed from the first Day of January then next following, shall be lower than the respective Rates or Dues allowed to be taken in each Case respectively, in the Proportion of one-eighth Part for every twenty Shillings which such clear Profits shall have exceeded the Rate of six Pounds per Centum pef Annum upon the Money laid out and expended as aforesaid: And it (halk not be lawful for the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, during the Course of such entire Yeac as aforesaid, to demand or take any greater or higher Rates or Dues than in the reduced Proportion aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And, to the End the Commissioners herein-before appointed may, from Tknt to Time, know the clear Profits of the said Navigation,* be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and they art hereby impowered, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think fit (not exceeding Twice in any one Year), to examine the said1 Books of Account, and take Copies thereof, or such Extrafls therefrom, as they shall think proper: And the Clerk, or Person keeping such Books of Account, shall, from Time to Time, verify the Entries therein made, and also produce proper Vouchers for the Money expended upon Oath (if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them); which Oath the said Commissioners or any three of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer to such Person.

XXIV. And, for the more easy coliefling the said Rates or Dues/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matters, Owners, and Managers, of every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, navigating upon the said Canal, or any Part thereof, shall give a just Account, in writing, signed by the Matter, Owner, or Person having the Rule or Command of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel# to the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Dues, at the Place or Places where he or they shall attend for that Purpose of the Quantities, Qualities, and Weights, of Goods which shall be in or belonging to each Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, from whence brought, and where they intend iq land the same; and also of the Quantities, Qualities, and Weights, of such Goods as shall have been discharged out of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, within the Limits of the said Navigation, before their Arrival at the Place where such Account is to be given: And io case such Matter, Owner, or Person, shall ne-glcfl or refuse to give such Account as aforesaid, or shall give a false Account, or shall deliver any Part of their Loading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in the Account* they shall forfeit and pay to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence, over and above the Rates and Dues which they ought to pay for the same: And if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Rates or Dues and the Matter, Owner, or Person having the Charge of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, os Merchandise, concerning the Weight or Quantity of the same! it shall be lawful for any such Collector or Collectors to stop and detain any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure. or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, as shall be therein contained: Anain case the same (nail, upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, appear to be of greater Weight ok Quantity than such Matter, Owner, or Person having the Care of the said Boat, Barge, or Vessel, declared the same to be, then tbb Matter, Owner, or Person, so offending, shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging; all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refufcl of Payment thereof upon Demand, (half and may be recovered and levied as the said Rates or Dues are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, shall appear to be of the same or less Weight or Quantity than the Matter, Owner, or Person, so declared the same to be, then the said Collector or Collectors mall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, ani gauging; and shall also pay to such Matter or Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods? Wares* and Merchandise, one Shilling for every Hour that such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be detained by Occasion of such weighing, measuring, or gauging, and so in proportion for any greater or less Tima than an Hour \ and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by fufch Collector or Collectors, the same

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. 37

shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collc&of or ColItAors, by War* rant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner, after such Distress and Sale shall have been made as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Canal shall be free for all his Majesty's Subjects whomsoever, who are hereby authorised and impowered to navigate upon the same with any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, not exceeding the Burthen of twenty-four Tons, and to use the said Wharfs and Quays for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, and Merchandise; and also to life the said Towing-paths for haling and drawing such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon Payment of such Rates or Dues as shall be demanded by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Hein or Af&gns^ot exceeding the Rates or Dues herein-before mentioned.

XXVI. Provided always, That no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, of less Burthen than fifteen Tons, Vessel*«fiaerfc shall pass through any Lock without the Consent of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, or Toot not topft his or their principal Agent for the said Navigation for the Time being, in Writing first had and obtained through Lock* for that Purpose.

XXVII. And, to the End the said Navigation may be made and carried on with as little Damage Arches, T«a* c to private Property as possible,* be it further enacted, That the said Sir John Ritmfden, his Heirs and Assigns, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, to make, or cause to be nyide, such ArcHes, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, over, under, or into, the Towing* the said Canal, and the Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses, communicating therewith, and the Towing- piths, paths on the Sides thereof, of such Depth and Breadth as shall be sufficient, at all Times, to convey the Water from the Lands adjoining or lying near to the said Canal; and that all such Arches*

Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, shall, from Time to Time, be supported, maintained, and kept, in

good and sufficient Repair by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns; and if at any Time or Ownersaggrtev*

Times, after one Month's Notice shall be given by or on the Behalf of any Owner or Occupier of the ®»y

Aid adjacent Lands, who shall find him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by the Obstruction of any Wa- Vorkuta*

tercourse, to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or to his or their known Agent, or the th^ Ex^cn^s,

Collector of the said Rates or Dues, the said Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, mall not be

nude, cleansed, repaired, and maintained, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, having an Order in Writing for that Purpose from the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, to make, cleanse, and repair, such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, and the reasonable Expence thereof, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be defrayed by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns 5 and in case of Neeled or Refusal to

satisfy the same for the Space of one Month after Demand thereof made upon the said Sir John Ramsden,

his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Agent, or upon any Collector of the said Rates or Dues, such Expences shall and may be levied and recovered in such Manner as the Costs and Charges of making and

erecting Bridges, and other Works, by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, are by this Act directed and

appointed to be levied and recovered.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or Brook* or

be construed to extend, to prevent the Tenants or Occupiers of the several Lands and Estates through Sneamsmayii. which the said Canal is intended to be made, from turning the several Brooks or Streams intended to run kito the said Can il, in order to water their respective Lands, so that such Turning do not hinder such

Brooks or Streams from running into the said Canal, after watering the respective Lands as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, shall and BHIget, ftc. tu* may cause to be made, set up, and, from Time to Time, maintained and kept in Repair, convenient J*®*®* Gates, Bridges, Passages, ano Stiles, in and over all the Ditches and Fences, Towing-paths and Ways* kept u> Repairs $0 be made for the Purposes of the said Navigation, and shall and may fence in the said Towing-path*

where the same shall be wanting $ and also shall and may cause to be made sufficient Bridges, with proper Battlements, or Posts and Rails on each Side, over the said Canal, Trenches, and Passages for Water, where necessary, for the Use of the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto adjoining. to make convenient Passages to and from the Lands for the Use and Occupation of the same.

XXX. And whereas it may hereafter happen from Floods, or from some unexpected Accidents, Power to pee

that the Locks, Weirs, Floodgates, Dams, Banks, Trenches, or other Works of the said Canal, may Material* in cab be damaged or destroyed, and the adjacent Lands damaged or endangered, and that it may be necessary of foddcnDt*

the fame should be immediately repaired or rebuilt to prevent farther Damage be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir John Ranfden, his Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, or his or their Servants, Agentsr or Workmen, (without any previous Application to the said Commissioners, anti without any Delay or Interruption from any Person or Persons whatsoever, to enter into any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, adjoining or near to the said Cana) and Trenches (not being the Ground whereon any House Hands, or not being an Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a*

House), and to dig for, get, work, take, carry away, and use, all such Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, a? may be necessary or proper for the Purposes aforesaid, without any previous Treaty whatso-rver witlvthe Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, or other Person or Persons interested in, such*

Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any of them, doing as little Damage thereby as the Nature of the Works will admit of, and making R^compence for such Damages to the Owners and Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in, such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, within the Space of three Months next after the same shall be demanded, for all Damages which may be done by Means of the digging for, getting, working, taking) carrying away, and using such Stones, Gravel, and Materials, or any of them;

38 C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

for ascertaining the Rates of Wharfage.

Punishing Persons destroying the Works.

Penalty on Persons obstructing the Works.

Boats to be marked.

Owners answerable for Crews,

which Damages, and the Satisfaction and Recompence to be made in respect thereof, shall be settled, adjusted, assessed, ascertained, and determined, by the Ways and Means herein-before prescribed with respect to other Damages done by getting Materials for making the said Navigation.

[Land Owners may erect Warehouses on their own Lands.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain or hinder the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds, through which the said Canal shall pass, from making, erecting, or using, any Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, or Warehouses, in or upon their own Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, adjoining or near to the said Canal, or from landing any Goods or Merchandise, or other Things thereupon, or upon the Banks lying between the same and the said Canal; or for making or using proper and convenient Places for Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, to lie in, turn, or pass by each other; so that the making, erecting, or using, thereof respectively shall not, and do not, obstruct or prejudice the Navigation of the said-Canal, or the Towing-paths on the Sides thereof; and all Sums of Money which shall be paid for the Use and Benefit of the said Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, and Warehouses respectively shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands, or Grounds, who shall make and erect such Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes; Weigh-beams, or Warehouses respectively, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns; so that the Rates or Dues granted to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, for Tonnage, shall not be thereby reduced or altered.

[And in case of Neglect, Sir John Ramsden may erect Warehouses.]

XXXII. Provided always, That if any such Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, shall not, within the Space of twelve Months after Notice given in Writing by or on Behalf of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, that any Part or Parts bf such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, is or are intended to be used by them for the Purpose of eVedling Warehouses and Buildings for the Use of the said Navigation, thake and erect on such Part or Parts of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, sufficient Warehouses and Buildings, on Tome Plan to be approved of by three or more Commissioners, or shall not maintain and keep the same in substantial Repair; then, and in every such Case, the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, shall have full and absolute Power and Authority, without any Hinderance or Restraint whatsoever, to make use of such Lands or Grounds for erecting such sufficient Warehouses and Buildings; first making Satisfaction for the same, in such Mariner as is directed with respect to other Lands or Grounds Which shall be taken and used for the like Purposes.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no more than the Sunt of Three-pence per Ton shall be demanded or taken for Wharfage by any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors, Land Owner or Land Owners, who shall or may, at any Time hereafter, make, erect, or build, any Wharfs or Quays, on or near any Part of the said Canal, by virtue of this Act, unless the Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, Which shall be laid thereon, shall remain or continue on such Wharf or Quay for a longer Time than the Space of six Days; but if the same remain and continue thereon for more than six Days, then the further Sum of one Halfpenny a Day shall be paid for the Wharfage of every Ton of such Goods.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy* any Banks, or other Works to be erecSled or made by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and corividled, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felon for the Space of seven Years to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously do any Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent, the carrying on, completing, supporting, or maintaining, the said Intended Navigation, or any Works hereby authorised to be made, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings; and in Default of such Payment, shall be committed to some House of Correction for the said County of York, there to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

XXXVI. And Mr the better regulating of Matters of Boats, Bargemen, and others, employed upon the said Canal,* be it further enacted, That every Matter, or Person having the Rule or Command, of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, patting on the1 said Canal, stall cause his Name to be set in large painted white capital Letters on each of the Outsides of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, higher thart. the same shall fink into the Water when full loaded; and shall also permit and suffer every such Boas, Barge, or other Vessel, to be measured at the Expence of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns* by putting Weights into the same for that Purpose, or otherwise; and to be marked with Figures, or other Marks, at each End, on the Outside thereof, shewing how much or how far every Ton Weight of Loading which shall be put into such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, will fink the same into the Water* whenever it shall be required by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him ortherh for that Purpose, provided that no such Vessel shall be measured more than four Times in any one Year and every Owner, Matter, or other Person, having the Rule or Command of any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, who shall refuse or tiegledl to put his Name thereon, or shall refuse to have his or their Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, measured or marked as aforesaid, or shall alter, deface, erase, or destroy, any of the said Letters, Figures, Or Marks; he or they shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, the Sum of five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, navigating upon the said Canal, shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. 39

or Mischief, that shall be done by his Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or any of the Boatmen or Watermen belonging to or employed in or about the same respectively, unto any of the Bridges, Weirs,

Locks, Dams, Engines, Banks, Toaving paths, or other Works, in, upon, or near the said Canal,

Trenches, Sluices, and Passages, or by loading or unloading any Boat, Barge, or other Vessul, and for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Proprietors of any Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Tenements, adjoining to the same, or any of them, other than is authorised by this A<5; and the said Matter or Owner of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall and may be ftied and prosecuted for the same in any Court of Record whatsoever, and if found guilty, or if a Verdict pafa against him, or if Judgment be given against him upon Demurrer or by Default, the Plaintiff, in any such Case, shall recover the Damages thereby sustained, with Double Costs of Suit.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be placed in VefTcMying fa Cooper's Bridge Dam in the River Colder, so as any ways to obttrudfc the Passage of any Boat, Barge, or stoobftiuttthe other Vessel, going into or out of the said Canal, or if any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be placed Navigation to U in any Part of the said Canal so as to obstruct the Navigation, and the Person having the Care of such remove Boat, Barge, or Vessel, shall not immediately, upon Request made, remove the same, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, nor* less than five Shillings, for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue; and it shall be lawful fof the Agents or Servants of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, or any of them, to cause any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to be unloaded (if necessary), and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing any Obstruction to the Navigation; and to seize and detain such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, and the Loading thereof* until the Charges occasioned by such Removal are paid: And if any Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be sunk in the said Canal, and the Owner or Person having the Use of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall not, without Loss of Time, weigh or draw up the same, it shall be lawful for the Agents, or Servants of the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, to cause such*

Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to be weighed or drawn up, and to detain and keep the same, till Payment be made of all Expences necessarily occasioned relating thereto.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall float any Timber upon the Penalty on Pei* said Canal; or load any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, with Timber, so that the same shall lie over the son* overloading Sides of any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel; or shall overload any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, na- Boat8: *nd obfc yigating in or upon the said Canal, and when so overloaded, shall put such Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, "o/tha into the said Canal, so as to obstruct the Passage of any other Boat, Barge, or Vessel, and shall not immediately, upon Notice given to the Owner or Person hayijjg the Care of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, so obstructing the Passage, as aforesaid, hale the same back into such Place or Places as shall be proper of made for Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, to pass each other; every such Owner or Person floating such Timber, or having the Care of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, the Sum of five Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Boatman, or his Agents or Servants, navigating any Boat, for

Barge, or other Vessel, upon the said Canal, and patting with the same through any Lock to be made Vessels patting

upon the said Canal, shall suffer the Water to remain in the Lock longer than is necessary for his Boat, tiic

Barge, or other Vessel, to pass through any such Lock; and that every such Boatman, or other Person as aforesaid, in going down the said Canal, shall (hut the lower Gates and Cloughs of such Lock before he or they shall draw the Cloughs of the upper Gates thereof; and after he or they shall have brought his or their Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, into the said Lock, shall (hut the upper Gates and Clough* before he or they shall draw the Cloughs of the lower Gates thereof; and in going up the said Canal shall, so soon as he or they shall have patted with his or their Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, out of the said Lock, (hut the upper Gates and Cloughs of the said Lock, and afterwards draw the Cloughs of the lower Gates, unless there shall be then a Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, in Sight, coming down the said Cana]; in which Case the lower Gates and Cloughs of the said Lock shall be left (hut, and the upper Gates shall be left open: And in all dry Seasons, when there shall be a Scarcity of Water in the said Canal, the Vessel going up the same, if within any Distance not exceeding three hundred Yards below a Lock, shall pass through such Lock before the Vessel coming down, and then the Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, next above, shall come down; and if there are more Vessels than one below and above any Lock at the same Time, in such dry Seasons, within the Distance aforesaid (at which Distance a Pott or Mark shall be (ct up or made to denote the same), such Vessels shall go up and come down at such Locks by Turns as aforesaid, till all the said Vessels going up or coming down shall have passed by; by which Method one Lockfull of Water may serve two or more Vessels; and every Person acting contrary to these Di reel ions, and being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the West Riding of the said County, upon* the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, the Matter or other Person having the Command of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings: And if any Person or Persons shall x>pen any Gate or Gates in the said Haling-ways, and leave the same open, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceding forty Shillings.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously or wantonly open, or cause to pfnair‘y onmaft* be opened, any Lock or Clough belonging to the said Canal, having no lawful Occasion so to do, nor for ‘cloudy or wan-the Advantage of some Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to pass such Lock, or shall leave any Clough run- toniy drama* ning, after any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall have passed any Lock belonging to the said Canal ;<or clou&hs* if any Person or Persons shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Clough or Cloughs on the said Canal or Trenches, so as, by flatting or other wise, to watte the Water of the said Canal or Trenches* to the Prejudice of the said Navigation or shall throw any. Ballad, Gravel, Stones, or.Rubbish, into any Part of

40 C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Canal not to be subject to Commissioners of Sewers.

Rates to be exempted from Taxes

Rights of the Lords of Manors reserved.

A Parson appointed by Sir John Ramsden to attend as Clerk to the Commissioners.

Commissioners dying, or rsfa-sing to *&, others be chofon.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Commissioners to take an Oath.

The Oath.

the said Cam!, or the Trenches or Watercourses, to be made by virtue of this Act; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding, by the Oath of any one or more Witness or Witnesses, mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum as the said Justice shall order and direct, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, whereof one Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns; and in Default of Payment, the Person so offending shall, by Warrant of such Justice, be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour foi* any Time such Justice shall direct, not exceeding two Months*

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That the said Canal, or any Works whatsoever, to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order, of any Commissioners of Sewers; or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rates, or Dues aforesaid, shall, at all Timet hereafter, be free and exempt from the Payment 6f all Taxes, Rates, Assessment, or Impositions whatsoever; any Law or Statute made, or to be made, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat., prejudice, or affect, the Right or Rights of any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, to the Mines of Stones or Quarries, lying or being within or under the Lands or Grounds to be set out or made use of for such Canal, Towing-paths, or other Conveniences aforesaid; but that the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors may work and use all such Mines and Stone Quarries, provided the using or working the same be no Injury, Prejudice, or Obstruction, to the said Canal, Towing-paths, or other the Conveniences aforesaid, or any or either of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Person to be appointed by the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, for keeping an Account of all Monies received and expended as aforesaid, shall attend the said Commissioners as their Clerk at all their Meetings, for executing the Purposes of this Act; and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the Commissioners at such Meetings, shall be entered determined by such Clerk in proper Books to be kept for that Purpose; all which Books shall be open, at all seasonable Times, for the Inspection of any Person or Persons interested and desirous of seeing the same, without Fee or Reward; and the said Orders and Proceedings, when entered as aforesaid, shall be signed by such Number of the Commissioners as by this Act are impowered to make such Orders, and carry on such Proceedings, and shall also be attested by the said Clerk as a Witness thereto; and such Orders and Proceedings, betnr so signed and attested, shall be deemed Originals, and admitted as Evidence without further Proof in all Courts whatsoever.

XLVI. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to be elected, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to ad, the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, toeled and appoint, in the Place of every Commissioner dying or refusing to ad, some other Person qualified as herein after mentioned: And in case nine such Commissioners shall not survive, who will meet together so to elect and appoint new ones in the Place of such as are dead, or refuse to ad; then, and in that Case, three or more or the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the West Riding of the County of York for the Time being, may elect and appoint nine or more other Persons, qualified as in this Act mentioned, who shall proceed to fill up the Vacancies in the Manner herein directed; and all such Commissioners, so elected or appointed, shall, from the Time of their Election or Appointment, have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of tbit Ad, as if they had been cxpnefisly named and appointed Commissioners in this Act, Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meetings being given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Market Croft, or some other conspicuous Place in Huddersfield, fourteen Days at least before every such Meeting.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Cale where he shall be any ways interested or concerned in the Matter in question; and that no Commissioner hereinbefore appointed, or who shall be elected by virtue of this Act, shall act as such, unless at the Time he shall so ad he shall be ferzed or possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of an Estate of Freehold or of in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds; or of a personal Estate to the Amount of three thousand Pounds (unless he shall be the eldest Son or Heir Apparent of a Peer of the Realm, or of a Person nualified to be elected, and serve as a Knight of the Shire for that Part of Great Britain called England): And if any Person hereby declared incapable to act as a Commissioner shall nevertheless presume to act as such, every Person so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same; to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action at Law, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster\ in which Action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance* shall be allowed; and such Person foprosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as before mentioned, or other wise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XLVIII. Provided always, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Case (except In admt-niftering the following Oath) until he shall have taken and subscribed the same Oath before any three or more or the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the said Oath #0 any of the other Commissioners (that is to say);

I A.B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially,

jt according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. 41

established in me by virtue of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for enabling Sir John Ramsden Baronet, to make and maintain a navigable Canal from the River Calder (between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge, and the Mouth of the River Colne) to The King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

'So help me GOD.'

XLIX. Provided nevertheless, That such Commissioners who are Justices of the Peace for the said Commissioner* West Riding shall and may, and they are hereby respectively impowered to act as Justices of the Peace in *y*&* Juf-the Execution of this Act within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being tiCC*' Commissioners; but no Person who shall hold any Place of* Profit arising out of the Rates or Dues Persons interest-aforesaid, or be concerned in Interest in any Contraft or Bargain made, or to be made, for the Purposes ed,-arc. not to of this Act, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act. Profit*llCCS

L. And be it further enacted, That upon any Application to be made by the said Sir John Ram/den, upon AppHca-his Heirs or Assigns^ or any of the Owners or Occupiers of any Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Here- tion of Sir John ditaments, to be afiefted by the said Navigation, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, unto Kimfden, or the Commissioners appointed by and for the Purposes of this Act, or any three or more of them, desiring any of the Land them to appoint a Meeting of the Commissioners, the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to c0*inro7flioneri whom such Application shall be made, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, within seven ro°oiiuMeet* Days after such Application made, to give Notice, in Manner hereby directed, of a Meeting to be held at ing.

such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, such Time not being less than fourteen Days, nor more than twenty-one Days, from the Day on which such Application shall be made as aforesaid; ^nd the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereoy authorised and required to meet at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this Act in Execution; and shall then adjourn them-selves, and afterwards meet at such Place as the said Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, or any three or more of them, shall think, proper and convenient: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, which shall be appointed to be had or held as aforesaid, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act and to adjourn; then, and from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, such Meeting shall be deemed adjourned until that Day three Weeks, and to the Place where the other Meeting was to have been held; and all Meetings or the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be publick; and the Majority of the said Commissioners present at all such Meetings are hereby authorised to execute the several Powers vested in them by this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for any three or more of the said Commissioners (although they shall not he then assembled at a Meeting to be held as aforesaid), from Time to Time, upon such Request made as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing,

signed by them, and published in Manner hereby directed, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, for the settling and ascertaining such Damages as are here directed to be settled and ascertained, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Nonadjournment of any Meeting of the said Commissioners.

LI. Provided always, That no Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be good or effectual for any Notice of Meet-of the Purposes of this Act, unless previous Notice of the Tjme and Place thereof, and the Business pro- epu "

posed to be done, under the Hand of the Clerk for the Time being, attending the said Commissioners, shall be first published in the York and Leeds Newspapers, and in such other Manner as the said Sir John RamfdenrW\s Heirs or Assigns, shall appoint; unless the Business to be transacted at any Meeting, of which such Notice has been given as aforesaid, shall not be concluded on the Day mentioned in such Notice; in which Case the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, from Time to Time, adjourn to the Succeeding Day (unless such Day be Sunday, and then to the Monday following), and, in like Manner,

from Day to Day; and may meet again at the same, or any other convenient Place, and proceed in such Business, until the same is finished, without any Notice to be given of the Meetings held by such last mentioned Adjournment.

LII. Provided also, That all Meetings of Commissioners for hearing or determining Complaints, Con- Meeting? to be tToverfies, or Disputes, between the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs or Assigns, and any other Person or held within the Persons, shall be held in some convenient Place in the said Town of Huddersfield; and that no Order or Hud*

Determination shall be made, unless the Majority of Commissioners present, at such Meeting respectively, ders "

shall concur therein; such Majority not being less than ibe respective Numbers authorised to make such Orders or Determinations; and that no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners, duly made,

shall be revoked or altered, unless twelve Commissioners shall be present and concur therein.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Summons, Order, Determination, Judgment, Warrant, Writings to be Consent, Agreement, Bond, or other Writing whatsoever, tinder the Hands, or under the Hand and without Sum*, tSeal of any Justice of the Peace, or of the said Commissioners, or any of them, or of any other Person or Persons appointed or employed by them, or 2ny other Writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of the Powers given in and by this Act, (bafl.be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act (the Manner Pcmitics of levying and recovering of which is not herein-before particularly directed), shall be levied by Warrant Forfeitures haw under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the *dappC^c#rc West Riding of the said County of York; which said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to pp" hear and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and determine the same; and may, according to his or their Discretion, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, herein-before allowed to be mitigated; and all Fines*

Forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and inflicted, the Application wntreof is not herein-

before

42 C. 13. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Distress not unlawful for want of Form,

or the Party distraining be deemed a Tref-pafler ab iaif/o.

Personi aggriev-d may appeal to the Quarter Sessions*

Limitation of Actions,

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Sir John Ramsden* Trusteea to carry this Act into Execution during bit Mi-ofity,.

before particularly directed, shall be paid to the said Sir John Ramsden^ his Heirs or Assigns, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Navigation.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money ip be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress jtself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Forna in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespaftefs ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who shall thfnk themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of any Justicfc or Justices of the Peace, or any of the said Commissioners, upon account of any Offence committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the said County of York, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, within six Months next after such Cause 6f Appeal shall have arisen; the Penon or Persons so appealing giving Security to the Satisfaction of the said justice qr Justices to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be allowed and ascertained by the said General or Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or Judgment shall be affirmed; and the Justices, at such General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as to them shall appear just \ which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari^ or otherwise, into any oThis Majesty's Courts of Record at fVe/hnirfier, or elsewhere.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, 0^ Information, OiaH be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions herein-before riven or granred, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought and commenced within six Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced, and not afterwards, and shall be brought* kid, and tried, in the County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in all fudi Actions or Suits, may plead the Generallffue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; that then, and in every or any such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Case shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for Recovery of the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LVIII. And whereas it will be for the Benefit of the ford Sir John Ramsden, and of all Persons wlw have Estates near the said Town of Huddersfield, that the said Canal should be made and completed* as soon as conveniently can be done: And whereas the said Dame Margaret Ramsden, and Thomas Ramsden Esquire, are willing to proceed in the Execution of this Act, during the Minority of the said Sir John Ramsden, in case they are authorised so to do / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Dame Margaret Ramsden, and Thomas Ramsden Esquire, or the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, and they are hereby fully authorised and impowered (during the Minority of the said Sir John Ramsden), to proceed in the Execution of this Act, and to cause the said Canal to be made, and all other Works, Matters, and Things, whatsoever relative thereto, to be done, performed, and executed, for the making and completing the said Navigation, agreeable to the Directions of this Act; and all Contracts, Agreements, Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which shall be entered into, done, performed, and executed, by the said Dame Margaret Ramsden, and Thomas Ramsden, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, of such Survivor, in pursuance of this Act (during the Minority of the said Sir John Ramsden), shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; and shall be binding upon the said Sir John Ramsden, his Heirs and Assigns, and upon all other Persons and Parties whatsoever.

---

[Publick Act.]

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons. whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14, 15. 43

CAP. XIV.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; which regulates the Width of the Wheels, and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed and for indemnifying Persons who have offended against the said Clause.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[Clause in Act 13 Geo. 3. repealed.]

intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; it is enacted, That no Carriage, liable to be weighed by virtue of the said Act, shall pass along any Turnpike Road, being above Twenty Miles from the Cities of London or Westminster, unless the same shall be made and constructed in such Manner that no Pair of the Wheels thereof shall be wider than four Feet six Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground (except Wheels having the Soles of the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches, which shall be so constructed as to roll a Surface of sixteen Inches, and that the wider Pair of such Wheels shall not be more than five Feet eight Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground); and that the Distance from the Centre of the Fore Wheel to the Centre of the Hind Wheel of any Waggon or four-wheeled Carriage, not being used for the Carriage of Timber only, be not above nine Feet, to be measured from the Centre of the Axle-trees at the Ends thereof, on Pain of the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence; and that the Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, of any Turnpike Road, is and are thereby authorised and required, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate, or at any other Place upon the Turnpike Road, to measure every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart; and if any Master, or Driver of any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, shall hinder, or refuse to permit such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, to measure such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of five rounds; and that it shall not be lawful for any such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along any Turnpike Road: And whereas the Provisions in the said Clause contained have been found very inconvenient;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause shall be, and is hereby declared to be, repealed.

[Persons guilty of Omissions touching the Execution of the said Clause, are indemnified; and personal Actions for such Offence, made void.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who hath or have offended, or been guilty of any Omission, touching the Execution of the said Clause, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified against any Penalty or Forfeiture for the same; and that all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been, or shall be, prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any such Offence or Omission, shall be, and are hereby made, void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XV.

An Act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[Act 10 Geo. 3.]

intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, which Act was made to continue for a limited Time only: And whereas another Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty,

[and Act 11 Geo. 3.]

intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Acts are well adapted to procure to the Commons of this Realm a free and impartial Trial of controverted Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and have been found, by Experience, to be practicable and beneficial:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[made perpetual by this Act.]

That the said recited Acts, passed in the tenth and Eleventh Years of his present Majesty, shall be, and are hereby made, perpetual.

44 C. 16. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge), so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the sixth District, in the said Act described.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

[Act 30 Geo. 3.]

---

Commiflierer* may lay an additional Tax.

Penalty on not paying of Taxes.

Cl*ure repealed in former Act relating to Qualification of Commissioners.

3.16.

(intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, Lozu Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Up well, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge;) the Commissioners therein named, or to be nominated and appointed in Manner therein mentioned, or any five or more of them, were authorised and impowered, at their first or any General half-yearly Meeting, yearly and every Year, to assess, rate, tax, and charge,

all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and Angular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, situate and being within the sixth District (one of the fix Districts into which the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, comprised in the said Act, were by the said Act divided), by an equal and proportionable Tax or Assessment, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two Shillings per Acre in one Year; to be paid in such Manner, and at such Times, as the Commissioners for the said sixth District*

or any five or more of them, should direct; and to be applied and disposed of in making and maintaining the Works for draining, imbanking, and preserving, the Lands within the said District, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas the said yearly Tax or Assessment of two Shillings per Acre has accordingly been charged and levied by the Commissioners acting for the said sixth District, and has*

together with the Sum of iix hundred Pounds (which by the said Act the Commissioners for the faii District were impowered to borrow, and accordingly did borrow), been applied, in pursuance of the DL-4 rection given by the said Act, in making and maintaining the Works, and defraying the necessary Expences within the said District: And whereas, notwithstanding that the said Sums of Money have been duly laid out and expended, the same have been found very inadequate to the Purpose of effectually draining the Lands within the said District, which still continue very much annoyed and overflown with Water; and the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said District are willing that the same should be charged with an additional Tax, or Assessment, in order to raise Money for com- pleating the Drainage of the Lands within the said District: And whereas such Tax or Assessment cannot be laid, nor the said Lands effectually drained and preserved, without the further Aid and Assistance of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said sixth District, or any three or more of them, at their first or any other General half yearly Meeting, to be held after the passing of this Act, yearly and every Year, over and above the Taxor Assessment of two Shillings per Acre, charged upon the Lands and Grounds lying within the said District by the said former Act, to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and Angular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said District, by an equal and proportionable Tax or Assessment, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole four Shillings per Acre in any one Year for every Acre of Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the said District: Which said additional Tax or Assessment shall be assessed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and by the same Ways and Means 5 and shall, together with the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, be applied and disposed of in and about the particular Works, Banks, Drains, Mills, Engines, and other Matters necessary for draining the said District, in such and the same Manner as the said Tax or Assessment of two Shillings per Acre charged on the Lands and Grounds within the said District, and the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, are, by the said former Act, directed to be applied; and the said additional Tax or Assessment of four Shillings per Acre, by this Act charged, shall commence and be comr puted from the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, appointed, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners of the said District, the Tax or Assessment with which he, she, or they, shall be respectively charged by virtue of the said former, or this present Act, by the Space of two Calendar Months after the same shall have become due and payable; every such Person shall forfeit and pay to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, the further Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for every twenty Shillings which shall be so in arrear and unpaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as the Tax or Assessment granted by the said former, or this present Act, is directed to be levied; and the Monies so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards the Works of the said District.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as regulates the Qualification of Commissioners or Agents for the said sixth District, or prescribes the Number of Commissioners necessary for putting in Execution any of the Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said District, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be repealed.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16. 45

IV. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for executing the said former Act, lb far as the lame relates to the said sixth District, or this present Act, unless he shall be the real Owner of thirty Acres or more of several Lands, subject to be taxed by virtue of the said former, or this present Act, within the said District, or unless he shall be the real Owner of two or more Lots or Doles to which two or more Rights of Common oo belong, on the Commons and Commonable Parts within the said sixth District; any Thing in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commissioner of the said sixth District, who is the real Owner of sixty Acres or more of such several Lands or of four or more Lots or Doles within the said sixth District, to appoint, by Writing under his Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he shall think proper, an Agent to act in his Absence as a Commissioner; and every such Agent shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by \vho;n he shall be appointed, aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said sixth Dirt rift, or this piefent Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioner might aft if he were personally present.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be Joint Owner with any other Person or Persons of such several Lands, or of such Lots or Doles within the said sixth District, and the Interest or Property of such Person in such Lands, or in such Lots or Doles, shall be equal to, or exceed the respective Quantities of several Lands, or the Numbers of such Lots or Doles, as are herein-before respectively mentioned for the Qualification of Commissioners to act, or to appoint Agents to act in their Ab* fence, in the said sixth District; every such Person shall be, and is hereby respectively impowered to act as a Commissioner, or to appoint an Agent for the said sixth District, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person was distrnftly and separately possessed of such Interest or Property in the said sixth District.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may execute all or any of the Powers of the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said sixth District, or of this present Act; any Thing in the said former Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said District, or any three or more of them, to borrow, take up, and receive, any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the said Tax or Assessment of four Shillings per Acre charged upon the Lands within the said District by virtue of this Act; and, by Writing, without Stamp* under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners, to mortgage, charge, assign* convey, or incumber, the said Tax or Assessment, or any Part or Proportion of such Tax or Assessment, with and for the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such* Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption, as shall be agreed upon; and the Sum or Sums of Money, far to be borrowed, shall and may be assigned and transferred in the same Manner as any Sum 01 Sums of Money, borrowed by virtue of the said former Act, can and may be assigned and transferred.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-' (trued to extend, in anywise to affieft, impeach, or lessen, any Right or Priority of Claim which any Person or Persons, who have advanced any Money upon the Credit of the Tax or Assessment charged by virtue of the said former Act upon the Lands to be taxed by virtue of this Act, now have upon such Lands in respect of such Money so advanced; but that the said Lands shall, in the first Place, be liable to the Tax or Assessment charged by the said former Act, and to the Money borrowed thereon ;*any Thing^ in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of one thousand four hundred Pounds shall be borrowed or owing at any one Time, on the Credit or Security of the said Tax or Assessment of four Shillings per Acre, charged by virtue of this Act upon the said District; and that the said Tax or Assessment of two Shillings per Acre charged by the said former Act, and the said Tax or AssessT* ment of four Shillings per Acre charged by this Act, upon the Lands and Grounds within the said District, shall not, during the Time any principal Monies, or Interest, shall be due on the several Securities thereof, be less, in any one Year, than the several Sums charged upon the said District by the said former or this present Act respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Aftj shall be borne and defrayed out of the first Monies that shall arise by virtue of this Act.

XII. And, for the greater Ease and Security of any Person or Persons who have advanced and lent,

or may be willing to advance and lend, any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Taxes or Assessments laid by the said former or this present Act, within the said District/ be it further enacted, That no Money, except for the Purpose of discharging the Expences incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, shall be applied, or be directed to be applied, by the Commissioners of the said District, at any General Half-yearly or other Meeting, to any of the Purposes of the said former or this present Act, within the said District, unless the Interest then due on the several respective Sums borrowed, or to be borrowed, within the said District, on the Credit of the said former or this present Act, shall have been fully discharged and paid off; or unless Money sufficient for discharging and paying off such Interest shall be reserved in the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver to the said Commissioners; any Thing in the said former or this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That In case the Treasurer or Receiver to the said Commissioners shall not pay, or cause to be paid, to the Persons intitled thereto, the Interest that shall be due on the respective Sums borrowed, or to be borrowed, on the Credit of the said former or this present Act, within the said District, on the respective half-yearly Days of Payment, when the same shall become due, or within

Qualification of Commissioners.

Owner* of sixty Acres of feveiat Lands, or four Lots or Doles, may appoint an Agent to act as a Commissioner.

Joint Owners offertral Lands,

Sec. may appoint* Agents.

Commissioner may put the for* mer Act, in the sixth District, and this Act, in Execution.

For borrowing Money,

Not toafflift tht Creditors underformer Act.

WhstSum may be borrowed.-

Charge* of the Act how to be paid.

No Money to be applied at such Times as the Interest due on the Money borrowed. shall be behind* and unpaid*

Penalty if tfit

Treasurer or Recri*«r do not paw the Interest when demanded*

46 C. 16. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Commissioners impowered to sell Mills or Engines.

Engines and Mills maybe in-fared from Fire.

Did refs not unlawful for want of Form, &c.

'Form of Can-ViClioa*

The Clauses of the former Act extended to this Act.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

twenty Days after (Demand thereof having first been made to such Treasurer or Receiver), every such Treasurer or Receiver shall, for every such Default or Neglect, forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons who shall be intitled to such Interest so due, and which shall pot have been paid, as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds; such Penalty to be recovered, together with double Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the said District, or any three or more of them, shall and may, if they think it necessary, fell, or cause to be sold, all and every the Engines and Mills already erected by virtue of the said former Act, or which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, within the said District, for the best Price that can be got for the same \ and shall apply the Money arising by such Sale to the Purposes of the said District.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, if they think necessary, cause all and every the Engines and Mills already erected, by virtue of the said former Act, within the said District, or which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, to be insured against Fire in some of the publick Insurance Oflices, and from Time to Time to pay the Expence attend-ing such Insurance out of the Monies arising out of the said former Act, or this Act, within the said District.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings, relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining j but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, and the said former Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said sixth District, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen, (videlicet:)

4 T^E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 Jl> A. fi. is convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Isle of 'Ely, of c County of Cambridge, either on his own Confession, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, [as the Case shall be,] by virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, (for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Tate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lanas, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Up well, in the lile of Ely, and County of Cambridge, sofar as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the sixth District, in the said Act aeferibed\) ffpecifying the Offence, an4 4 Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be.]

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Tear above written*

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or bn construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or take away, any of the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act, to the Commissioners acting by virtue and in pursuance thereof, within the said sixth District; but that every Clause, Power, and Authority, therein contained, shall remain, and be in the same Force and Effect as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding: But that all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former Act, so far as the same relates to the said sixth District, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; save only and except such Part or Parts thereof as are altered and taken away by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act; every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the said Isle of Ely, or in the County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fast alleged to have been done was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise;

---

[Treble Costs.]

then, and in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover treble Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

[Publick Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 17, 18, 19. 47

CAP. XVII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to discontinue, in such manner, and for such time as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town, and within the harbour, of Boston, in the province of Massachusett's Bay, in North America.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS dangerous Commotions and Insurrections have been some nted and raised in the Town of Boston, in the Province of Massachusets $ Bay, in New England, by divers ill-affected Persons, to the Subversion of his Majesty's Government, and to the utter Destruction of the publick Peace,

and good Order of the said Town 5 in which Commotions and Insurrections certain valuable Cargoes of Teas, being the Property of the East India Company, and on board certain Vessels lying within the Bay or Harbour of Boston, were ftized and destroyed: And whereas, in t?he present Condition of the said Town and Harbour, the Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects cannot be safely carried on there, nor the Customs payable to his Majesty duly collected; and it is therefore expedient that the Officers of his Majesty's Customs should be forthwith removed from the said Town:' May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, Regulations.

R shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to lad© or put, or cause or procure to be laden or after June r; put, off or from any Quay, Wharf, or other Place, within the said Town of Boston, or in or upon any *7741 to fee ob* Part of the Shore of the Bay, commonly called The Harbour of Boston, between a certain Headland or Point ferT*° the Sh called Nahant Point, on the Eastern Side of the Entrance into the said Bay, and a certain other Headland w#c

or Point called Alderton Point, on the Western Side of the Entrance into the said Bay, or in or upon any.

Island, Creek, Landing-place, Bank, or other Place, within the said Bay or Headlands, into any Ship,

Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or Bottom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever, to be transported or carried into any other Country, Province, or Place whatsoever, or into any other Part of the said Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in Ncvj England; or to take up, discharge, or lay on Land, or cause or procure to be taken up, discharged, or laid on Land, within the said Town, or in or upon any of the Places aforesaid, out of any Boat, Lighter, Ship, Vessel, or Bottom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever, to be brought from any other Countty, Province, or Place, or any other Part of the said Province of the Massachuset9 s Bay in New England, upon Pain of the Forfeiture of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchan-dhe, and of the said Boat, Lighter, Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom into which the same shall be put, or out of which the same shall be taken, and of the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture, and Stores, in or belonging to the same: And if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, shall, within the said Town,.

r in any the Places aforesaid, be laden or taken in from the Shore into any Barge, Hoy, Lighter, Wherry,-©r Boat, to be carried on board any Ship or Vessel outward-bound to any other Country or Province, or other Part of the said Province of the Massachuset's Bay in New England, or be laden or taken into such»

Barge, Hov, Lighter, Wherry, or Boat, from or out of any Ship or Vessel coming in and arriving from* any other Country or Province, or other Part of the said Province of the Massachuset's Bay in New England, such Barge, Hoy, Lighter, Wherry, or Boat, shall be forfeited and lost.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger, or Keeper of any Pemity, ifihe Wharf, Crane, or Quay, or their Servants, or any of them, shall take up or land, or knowingly suffer to Whaifingm, t betaken up or landed, or shall ship off, or suffer to be waterborne, at or from any of their said Wharfs,

Cranes, or Quays, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise; in every such Case, all and every such be waterborne. Wharfinger, and Keeper of such Wharf, Crane, or Quay, and every Person whatever who shall be assist- contrary to the ing, or otherwise concerned in the shipping or in the loading or putting on board any Boat, or other Vessel, fakJReguferion*. for that Purpose, or in the unshipping such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, or to whole Hands the same shall knowingly come after the loading, shipping, or unshipping thereof, shall forfeit and lose treble the Value thereof, to be computed at the highest Price which such Sort of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, stall bear at the Place where such Offence shall be committed, at the Time when the same shall be so ommitted, together with the Vessels and Boats, and all the Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, whatsoever made use of in the shipping, unshipping, landing, removing Carriage, or Conveyance of any of the aforesaid Goods, Wares, and Merchandise,

48 C. 19. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Power of the Admiral, Chief Commander, &c.

This Act not to extend to Military Stores, nor to Fut I, Uc for the Use of the inhabitants.

Secures, Penalties, &c. to be prosecuted by any Admiral, &c.

500l. Penalty on Persons conniving (at the lading or uo> lading of Goods, &c.

Penalties infiifted by this Act bow to be prosecuted, &c.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel shall be moored or lie at Anchor, or be seen hovering within the said Bay, described and bounded as aforesaid, or within one League from the said Bay so described, or the said Headlands, or any of the Blands lying between or within the same, it shall and may be lawful for any Admiral, Chief Commander, or Commissioned Officer* of his Majesty's Fleet or Ships ot War, orfor any Ofliccc of Tis Majesty's Customs, to compel such Ship or Vessel to depart to some other Port or Harbour, or to such Station as the said Officer flia.ll appoint, and to use such Force for that Purpose as shall be found necessary: And if such Ship or Vessel shall not depart accordingly, within six Hours after Notice for that Purpose given by such Person as aforesaid, such Ship or Vessel, together with all the Goods laden on board thereon, and all the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, and Furniture, shall be forfeited and loll:, whether Bulk shall have been broken or^iot.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this A£! contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Military or other Stores for his Majesty's Use, or to the Ships or Vessels whereon the same shall be laden, which shall he commissioned by, and in the immediate Pay of, his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; nor to any Fuel or Victual brought Chaftwife from any Part of the Continent of America, for the necessary Use and Sustenance of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Boston, provided the Vessel wherein the same are to be carried shall be duly furnished with a Cocket and Let-pass, after having been duly searched by the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs at Marblehead, in the Port of Salem, in the said Province of Massachuset'* Bay-, and that some Officer of his Majesty's Customs be also there put on board the said Vessel, who is hereby authorised to goon board, and proceed with the said Vessel, together with a sufficient Number of Persons, properly armed, for his Defence, to the said Town or Harbour of Boston \ nor to any Ships or Vessels which may happen to be within the said Harbour of Boston on or before the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and may have either laden or taken on board, or be there with Intent to load or take on board, or to land or discharge any Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, provided the said Ships and Vessels do depart the said Harbour within fourteen Days after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Seizures, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

inflicted by this Act, shall be made and prosecuted by any Admiral, Chief Commander, or Commissioned Officer, of his Majesty's Fleet, or Ships of War, or by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or some of them, or by some other Person deputed or authorised, by Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and by no other Person whatsoever: And if any such Officer, or other Person authorised as aforesaid, shall, directly or indirectly, take or receive any Bribe or Reward, to connive at such lading or unlading, or shall make or commence any collusive Seizure, Information, or Agreement for that Purpose, or shall do any other Act whatsoever, whereby the Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, prohibited as aforesaid, shall be fuft'ered to pass either inwards or outwards, or whereby the Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act may be evaded, every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every such Offence, and shall become incapable of any Office or Employment, civil or military; and every Person who shall give, offer, or promise, any such Bribe or Reward, or shall contract, agree, or treat with, any Person, so authorised as aforesaid, to commit any such Offence, Xball forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. v

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided, paid, and applied, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, are directed to be prosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by two several Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, (^intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the Britishi Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, andje curing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade $ and for altering and disalh wing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain j) the other passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the Britain Colonies and Plantations in America.)

Charter Party Bills ot Loading to be void.

His Majesty, in respect to toe Haven of Boston, may, by Proclamation, appoint its

LuUlKil,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Charter Party Bill of Loading, and other Contract for consigning, shipping, or carrying any Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatsoever, to or from the said Town of Boston, or any Part of the Bay or Harbour thereof, described as aforesaid, which have been made or entered into, or which shall be made or entered into, so long as this Act shall remain in full Force, relating to any Ship which shall arrive at the said Town or Harbour, after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, utterly void, 10 all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall be made to appear to Ids Majesty, in his Privy Council, that Peace and Obedience to the Laws shall be so far restored in the said Town of Boston, that the Trade of Great Britain may safely be carried on there, and his Majesty's Customs duly collected, and his Majesty, in his Privy Council, shall adjudge the same to be true, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Proclamation, or Order of Council, to assign and appoint the Extent, Bounds, and Limits, of the Port or Harbour of Boston, and of every Creek or Haven within the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 49

same, or in the Islands Within the Precinct thereof; and also to assign and appoint such and so many open Places, Quays, and Wharfs, within the said Harbour, Creeks, Havens, and Islands, for the landing, discharging, lading, and shipping of Goods, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall judge necessary and expedient; and also to appoint such and so many Officers of the Customs therein as his Majesty shall think fit; after which it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to lade or put off from, or to discharge and land upon, such Wharfs, Quays, and Places, so appointed within the said Harbour, and none other, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatever.

IX. Provided always, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, shall be laden or put off from, or discharged or landed upon, any other Place than the Quays, Wharfs, or Places, so to be appointed, the same, together with the Ships, Boats, and other Vessels employed therein, and the Horses, or other Cattle and Carriages used to convey the same, and the Person or Persons concerned or afii fling therein, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, shall suffer all the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this or an*y other Act on the Illegal shipping or landing of Goods.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, to enable his Majesty to appoint such Port, Harbour, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs, Places, of Officers, in the said Town of Boston, or in the said Bay or Islands, until it shall sufficiently appear to his Majesty that full Satisfaction hath been made by or on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Boston, to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Damage sustained by the said Company by the Destruction of their Goods sent to the said Town of Boston, on board certain Ships or Vessels as aforesaid; and until it shall be certified to his Majesty, in Council, by the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, of the said Province, that reasonable Satisfaction hath been made to the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, and others, who suffered by the Riots and Insurrections above mentioned, in the Months of November and December, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and in the Month of January, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

Proviso atto Goods, &c. laden or landed on PI ires prohibited.

Not to extend to enable his Majesty to appoint Ports, Creeks, Sc:. till Satisfaction be made to the East India Company,

---

[Limitation of Actions.]

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or America, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act of Parliament, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit,

[General Issue.]

may plead the General Issue, and give the said Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared;

[Treble Costs.]

or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees, out of the County Rates.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Persons in Custody for Felonies, or other Crimes, or on Suspicion thereof, or as Accessaries thereto, though no Bills of Indictment are afterwards preferred or found against them, or they are acquitted on their Trials, are nevertheless frequently detained for certain Fees to the Sheriffs, Gaolers, or Keepers of Prisons, in whose Custody they happen to be, which is both oppressive and unjust:' For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Prisoners charged with Felony or other Crimes in England for want of Prosecution to be set at large.]

That every Prisoner who now is, or hereafter shall be, charged with any Felony or other Crime, or as an Accessary thereto, before any Court holding criminal Jurisdiction, within that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales, against whom no Bill of Indictment shall be found by the Grand Jury, or who, on his or her Trial, shall be acquitted, or who shall be discharged by Proclamation, for want of Prosecution, shall be immediately set at large in open Court, without the Payment of any Fee or Sum of Money to the Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of the Gaol or Prison, from whence he or she shall be so discharged, and set at Liberty, for or in respect of such Discharge.

[Sheriffs, Gaolers, or Keeper's Fees, abolished.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Fees as have been usually paid, or payable, to the several Sheriffs, Gaolers, and Keepers of Prisons in England and Wales, in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall absolutely cease, and the same are hereby abolished and determined; and from and after the passing of this Act, no Gaoler, or Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, shall ask, demand, take, or receive, any Sum or Sums of Money from any of the said Prisoners, as Fees, for, upon, or in respect of his or her Discharge.

[The Treasurers of Counties, &c. as are not assessed at large, on Receipt of a Certificate, signed by a Judge, &c. shall pay to such Gaolers not exceeding 13s. 4d. in lieu of such Fees.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in Lieu of such Fees so abolished as aforesaid, the Treasurers, or other proper Officers of the several Counties, or of such Districts, Hundreds, Ridings, or Divisions, of a County, as are not usually assessed to the County at large, and of such Cities, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Franchises, and Places, as do not pay to the Rates of the several Counties in which they are respectively situated, shall, on receiving a Certificate, signed by one or more Judge or Justice, before whom such Prisoner shall have been discharged as aforesaid, (which Certificate the judge or Justice is hereby required to give), pay out of the Rates of such County, or of such District, Hundred, Riding, or Division, or out of the publick Stock of such City, Town Corporate,

50 C. 21. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Cinque Port, Liberty, Franchise, or Place, such Sum as has been usually paid upon that Occasion, not exceeding thirteen Shillings and Four-pence for every Prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, to the Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of the Prison, whence the said Prisoner shall have been discharged as aforesaid; which several Sums, so paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be respectively allowed to the said Treasurers and Officers by the Justices before whom their Accounts shall be passed.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

[Preamble.]

---

'WHEREAS the most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, the Right Honourable Patrick Earl of Dumfries, Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, and a considerable Number of other Persons, did, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, enter into a Partnership, and subscribe a Capital or Stock of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, for carrying on the Business of Banking in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company, with Intention chiefly of improving Manufactures and Agriculture, by accommodating and extending the Credit of the Manufacturers and Farmers of that Part of the Kingdom: And whereas, by too great an Enlargement of the Credit given to the Manufacturers, Farmers, and others, the Partnership did, in June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, come to be in great Want of Money to satisfy the Demands made upon them, owing to the Check given to Credit by the many Bankruptcies that happened at that Time in different Parts of this Kingdom: And whereas the Copartners in the said Company, in order to raise Money to satisfy the Demands upon them, and thereby prevent the Bankruptcy of many,

which their stopping Payment would necessarily have occasioned, did raise, on granting Annuities for one and two Lives, the Sum of four hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and upwards, subject to a Power given by the Purchasers. of the said Annuities, by verbal Agreement, for the said Copartners to redeem the said Annuities, by re- paying the Purchase money originally given for the said Annuities, and one Half-year's Annuity more* aa a Premium for such Power of Redemption: And whereas the said Copartners, in order to extricate thein Affairs, and to enable them to redeem their said Annuities, did, at a General Meeting, held on the twelfth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, resolve to discontinue the said Banking Business, and nominated and appointed the Persons following, being twelve of the Copartners, or any three of them, to be a Committee, with Power to do every Thing necessary for managing and winding up the Affairs of the Partnership that could be done by the Resolutions of a General Meeting; videlicet, The said Henry Duke of Bucctcugh, the said Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, Archibald Douglas of Douglas, John Hamilton of Sundrum, Alexander Ferguson of Craigdarroch, Hay Campbell, David Ferguson, Alexander Wight, John Campbell, Andrew Crosbie, George Home, and Alexander Mackonochie, Enquires: And whereas, at another Meeting of the said Copartners, held on the twenty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the Persons following were added to the said Committee, videlicet, Thomas Lockhart, Esquire, Commissioner of Excise, and John Syme Writer to the Signet, and any five of the said Committee were declared to be a Quorum, for executing all Business And whereas the said Committee, after much Consideration of the most proper and effectual Method of redeeming the said Annuities, finding it was impossible to raise any considerable Sum for that Purpose out of the Funds of the Partnership, without bringing great Distress upon their Debtors, and injuring the Credit of that Part of the Kingdom where they chiefly resided, did call a Meeting of the Annuitants together, on the ninth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and deliver ta them, in Writing, the following Proposals: First, That his Grace the Duke of Buccleugh, the Duke of Queensberry, Archibald Douglas Esquire, and others, being the present Committee, chosen and appointed by a General Meeting of Proprietors at Edinburgh, to manage the Affairs of the said Messieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company, do execute Bonds of fifty rounds each, some few broken Sums excepted^ to the Amount of the original Sums paid for the said Annuities, with the Addition of half a Year's Purchase, or fifty Pounds more, on every Annuity of one hundred Pounds, and pro rata for every greater or lesser Annuity, the said Committee binding themselves, and their Heirs and Executors, and having a Power to hind all the Partners of the said Company, and their Heirs and Executors, to the due Performance of the Obligations in the said Bonds: Second, That the said Bonds of fifty Pounds each, carrying an lute rest of five Pounds per hundred Pounds, be made payable to a Person named, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Indorsement, and rendered to all Intents and Purposes negotiable and vendable, like East India Bonds, Navy, and Exchequer Bills, or any Eftefts of a similar Nature:

---

Third, That as the Principal of the said Bonds, the Premium of Redemption included, is estimated nearly at four hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, the Interest at five per Centum thereon is twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum, it is further proposed, that specifick Estates in Land unentailed in Scotland, to the clear Amount in Rent of thirty-two thousand Pounds per Annum, or upwards, be subjected, by Mortgage, as a corroborative Security for the Discharge of the Principal and Interest of the said Bonds; that is to say, Of the Interest every Half-year in London; and of the Principal by four Instalments, videlicet, One fourth Part, as nearly as the Whole may be conveniently divided, at Midsummer,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 21. 51

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; one fourth Part at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; one fourth Part at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and the last, whether something more or less than a Fourth, at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: Fourth, That the Care of investigating the Titles and Values of the said Estates in Lands, and of executing the Securities in due Form, be left to James Montgomery Esquire, Lord Advocate, and Henry Dundas Esquire, Solicitor General, of Scotland, with the Approbation, and under the Inspection, of Alexander Wedderburn Esquire, Solicitor General of England,

---

and Joseph Banks, of Lincoln s Inn, Esquire, upon the recent Precedent of a similar Transaction, when a Loan of fourfeore thousand Pounds was furnished to the said Company on the Security of other landed Estates,

under the Care, and by the Advice, of the same learned Gentlemen: Fifth, That after the said landed Estates, in the present Instance, to the Amount, in Rent, of thirty-two thousand Pounds per Annum, or so much thereof as shall be adequate to the Claim of such Annuitants as shall subscribe their Assent to these Proposals, shall have been approved of by the said four learned Gentlemen, the Mortgage Deeds, called Heritable Bonds in Scotland, shall be made out and assigned to Sir William Henry Ashhurst, one of the Judges of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, the said Lord Advocate and Solicitor General of Scotland, the said Alexander Wedderburn Solicitor General of England, Joseph Banks, Richard Glover, and Alexander Mackonochie, Esquires, or to any other Persons in Scotland or England, in Number more or less, at the Election of the Annuitants themselves, for the special Purpose of being Trustees, and holding the said Estates of thirty-two thousand Pounds clear Rent, in Behalf of the Annuitants, for the full and due Performance of the Obligations in the said Bonds, which are to be substituted in lieu of the Annuities by the said Committee of Messieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company: Sixth, That in case the said Annuitants,

or any Number of them, shall accept of these Offers, and of the before-named seven Persons as Trustees for all or such Proportion of the said Mortgages as shall be adequate to the Claim of such Number as shall subscribe their Assent, it is further provided and earnestly deft red, that they will appoint three or five Gen-

tlemen, of their own Body, to inspeCfc all the Proceedings relative to this Transaction, and to report the same at a publick Meeting ro be called by the Inspectors: Seventh, That when, with the Approbation and Concurrence of the said Inspectors, all the Preroifes above mentioned shall have passed the regular Forms, and the Holders of Annuities shall be put in Possession of Bonds to the Amount of seven hundred and fifty Pounds for an Annuity of one hundred Pounds on one Life, and eight hundred and fifty Pounds for an Annuity of one hundred Pounds on two Lives, and pro rata for every greater or lesser Annuity;

and when they shall have received in Money whatever is accrued and due for the Annuities down to the Date of the new Bonds; that then the old Bonds and Judgments, or other Securities, by which they claimed their said Annuities, shall be given up, and Satisfaction acknowledged on the said Judgments:

Eighth, That in case any of the Annuitants, who shall sign their Assent to these Proposals, should die before the final Execution of the same, all the Benefit thereof shall remain to their Heirs and Executors,

as fully and effectually as if the original Annuitants were actually alive; but if the said Proposals should not be made good, in that Case the present Annuitants shall remain in the same State of Annuitants they noware: Ninth, That Parliament shall be applied to for an Act, under whose Sanction and Authority the Bonds may be lawfully issued: And whereas, the Annuitants present at the said Meeting, having taken the said Proposals into Consideration, did unanimously agree to the same, and the following Memo- randum was then subscribed by many of the said Annuitants present, and hath since been fubteribed by many others who were not then present; videlicet, London, Ninth February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four. JVe underwritten Purchasers of Annuities from Messieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company, x consent and agree to the within Proposals for the Redemption of the same, and approve of the Trustees named in the fifth Article*, and, in Conformity with the Sixths appoint Sir Thomas Frankland Baronet, M-irrin Bladen Hawke Esquire, George Dempster Esquire, Peregrine Cust Esquire, and Daniel Giles Esquire, to be our Inspectors over all Proceedings relative to the Execution of the said Propofol: And whereas it would greatly facilitate the redeeming the said Annuities, and lave much Trouble and Expence to the said Co- partners, if the Committee appointed for settling the Affairs of the said Copartnership, or any five or more of them, were enabled to issue Bonds for securing the Payment to the respective Annuitants of the principal Money and Interest, according to the said Proposals, or to raise Money thereon for the Redemp- tion of the said Annuities, and to make the said Bonds negotiable by Indorsement thereon; but it being apprehended that the same cannot be rendered effectual to answer the Intention of the Parties, or the said Proposals carried into Execution, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Henry The Committee Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, John to giam Bondi, Hamilton of Sundrum, Alexander Ferguson of Craigdarroch, Ilay Campbell, David Ferguson, Alexander Wight,

John Campbell, Andrew Crosbie, George Home, Alexander Mackonochie, Thomas Lockhart, and John Syme, or any five of them (of which the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, or any two of them, or the Survivor of them, shall be three, two, or one, as the Case may happen), to execute and issue Bonds for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole five hundred thousand Pounds, for redeeming the Annuities so granted by the Partnership of Douglas, Heron, and Company, as aforesaid, or for raising Money thereon for redeeming the said Annuities, or any Part thereof; each of which said Bonds shall not be for securing less than fifty Pounds and Interest* and shall be conceived in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect*

(that is to say,)

52 C. 21. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Form of the Bonds.

Bonds to be numbered.

Heritable Securities to be granted to Trustees.

All Bonds given by the Trustees to be stamped with a is. 6d« Stamp.

Bonds to be transferrable by Indorsement

without Stamps. Indorsees may bring Actions at Law for the Recovery of their Money.

Bonds not negotiable by Indorsement after June 24 1782.

[Proviso.]

Enn^s to be personal £ ft ate.

[Publick Act.]

KNOW all Men by these Presents, That we being a Quorum of the Committee, nominated and appointed by the Copartners of the Partnership in Scotland, which past under

the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company, with Power to do all Things necessary for extricating the

c Affairs of the said Company, are held and firmly bound to in the Sum of

1 of lawful Money of Great Britain; for the due Payment whereof we bind the said Company, and our-

(elves, and each of us, and our and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the Copartners

of the said Copartnership, and each of them, and their and each of their Heirs* Executors, and Admi-

‘ ni fir a tors respectively. Witness our Hands this Day of one thousand seven hundred and

The Condition of the above-written Obligation is such, That if the said or any of them, or the said Messieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company, do and shall well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, at or on the Royal Exchange in the City of London, on the Day

of which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and with Interest

for the same in the mean Time, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, in London, by two half-yearly Payments; that is to say, on the Day of and Day o f in

every Year, by even and equal Portions, free from all Taxes and Deductions, whatsoever, the first Payment thereof to be made on the Day of next ensuing the Date of the said Obligation, then the said Obligation shall be void, or else remain in full Force and Virtue.

Which Bonds so to be given shall be numbered, beginning with Number I. and so proceeding in arithmetical Progression, and shall be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, by Kenneth M'Kenzie of Spring Gardens, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, without Fee or Reward, or by such other Person as shall be appointed by the said Inspectors; and which Bonds shall be inspected and approved of by any one of the said Inspectors in the following Words: I have inspected, and approve this Bond.

II. Provided always, that prior to the issuing of the said Bonds, heritable Security shall be granted and constituted to Sir william Henry Ashhurst Knight, fames Montgomery, Alexander Wedderburn, Henry Dundas, Joseph Banks, Richard Glover, and Alexander Mackonochie, Esquires, in Trust, in Terms of the Proposals before mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds to be given by the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, John Hamilton of Sundrum, Alexander Ferguson of Craigdarroch, Ilay Campbell, David Ferguson, Alexander wight, John Campbell, Andrew Crosbie, George Home, Alexander Mackonochie, Thomas Lockhart, and John Syme, or any five of them (of which the said Henry Duke of Buccleugh, Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and Archibald Douglas of Douglas Esquire, or any two of them, or the Survivor of them, shall be three, two, or one, as the Case may happen), shall be upon Parchment or Paper, with a Stamp of two Shillings and Sixpence; and shall be assignable by indorsement upon the original Bond without Stamps, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Bond or Bonds may, in Tike Manner, be again assignable by indorsement, without Stamps, as aforesaid, and so toties quoties, as often as Occasion shall be or require: And that such Indorsee or Indorsees of such Bond or Bonds shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to bring any Atftion or Actions, Suit or Suits, at Law or in Equity, in his, her, or their Name or Names, against the Persons so giving such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid, or any of them, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any other of the said Copartners of the said Copartnership, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the recovering and receiving the several Sums of Money for which such Bond or Bonds shall be so given, and the Interest respectively due for the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as though the said Bond or Bonds had been originally given and entered into to such Indorsee or Indorsees.

IV. Provided always, That the said Bonds shall not be negotiable or transferable by indorsement after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Questions or Disputes that have arisen, or may arise, between the different Partners of the said Company, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Bonds of fifty Pounds each, or upwards, shall, notwithstanding the heritable Bonds, and real Security to be given in Trust, as aforesaid, be considered, and taken and held to be personal or moveable Estates, and shall belong to the Executor or Administrator or personal Representative, and not to the Heir of the Creditor, and may be dispoted of or transmitted to any Person or Persons, by Deed or Will, in such and the same Manner as any other personal Estate is difpufed of or transmitted in Scotland or England; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts within England or Scotland, to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 22. 53

CAP. XXII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Fraser the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Pn?amWs. George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown

became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat, were unalienably* c annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms: And whereas, before the Attainder of the said Simon.* late Lord Lovaty his said Estate was settled by a Deed of Entail, which coming to be tried before the Court of Session in Scotland the Estate was determined to be forfeited by a Majority of one Voice, and that Judgment was not appealed from: And whereas, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, Proof was brought before Parliament of the Means used to involve Simon Fraser, elddf Sorv of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, in the late unnatural Rebellion, at a tender Age; and the said Simon Fraser% ever since he was capable of acting for himself, hath testified his Loyalty to his Majesty and the Royal Family, and proved the Sense he entertained of the Excellence of the happy Constitution of thi* Country, by declining to engage in the Service of a foreign State, though destitute of any Establishment

offered to set that Example, which, in its Consequences, proved advantageous to the State, by calling forth, from a Corner of the Kingdom, many thousand Soldiers, whose Efforts to demonstrate the: i Z<*af 4 and Attachment to his Majesty's Royal Person and Government contributed to the Glory and Succef*

of that War: And whereas the said Simon Fraser hath, in the Course of his Service, attained the Rank

of Major General in his Majesty's Army, and since the Peace hath been employed, by his Majesty V

Command, in the Service of a Power whose Alliance this Country hath always deemed important l 4 By all which his Case appears to be peculiarly distinguished May it therefore please your Majesty (upon the humble Petition of the said Major General Simon Fraser), that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dif- III. Majesty, arc-pone unto the said Major General Simon Fraser, his Heirs and Assigns, all and every the Lands, Lordships, av sr^ntuntj> Baronies, Patronages, Tithes, Salmon and other Fishings, and other like Heritages and Estates what s simea Fr^alb ever, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, Lnn^ &c. and which were annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, by the before-recited Act of the twenty- forfeited by the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in the same Manner, and as fully and extensively, to all Atr-inderof Intents and Purposes, as the same, and every Part and Parcel thereof, were veiled in his said late

UeLofd)

Majesty by the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, and as the same, and every Part and Parcel

thereof, were held, enjoyed, and possessed, by the said Simon late Lord Lovat, before his Attainder.; any Thing in the said before-recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty to ihcr contrary notwithstanding: Subject always, nevertheless, to, and chargeable with the Payment to his Hut fnfejefVro Majesty, his Heirs and ouccessors, of the Sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eighty-three Pounds and ‘Hr t..%ment of one Penny Sterling of principal Money, together with Interest for the same, at the Rate of three Pounds h

Sterling per Centum per Annum, the said principal Sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eightytbryc ir.»fu.:t ai jj. Pounds and one Penny Sterling to be, and the same is hereby declared to be. payable unto his Majesty, per cen. at aoj* his Heirs and Successors, by the said Major General Simon Fraserr his Heirs and Assigns, at any Term of Term after Mitfunday that the same shall be demanded after the Term of Whitsunday that shall be in the Year of " Huiunday-our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon twelve Months previous Notice to be for thgt 17

Purpose given, in Writing, to the said Major General Simon Fraser, his Heirs or Assigns; and the said Interest to commence from the Term of Whitsunday which shall immediately follow the Dare of the aforesaid Grant, and to be paid annually afterwards to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to the Receiver-general for the time being of the Rents, Revenue*, and Casualties, belonging to the Crown in Scotland, on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at every following Term of Whitsunday so

long as the aforesaid Sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eighty-three Pounds and one Penny Sterling*, of principal Money, shall continue and remain unpaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Major General? lawful to, and in the Power of, the said Major General Simon Fraser, his Heirs and Assigns, to make Pay- Fraser tn*w vnenr to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to the Receiver general aforesaid for the Time beings menroll Behalf of bin Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the aforesaid Sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eighty-three Pounds and one Penny Sterling, with so much Interest thereof, at* the Rate aforesaid, as (haA happen to be due at the Time, at any Term of Whitsunday, after the Term of Whitsunday which wu 1 shaft be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; and that on Rich Payment* being made, the said Receiver-general for the Time being shall have Power and Authority, and he is t M en 1 hereby im powered, authorised, and required, to execute, on Behalf of his Majesty- his Heirs- an 1 Sue- ' ,

~ and to deliver to the said Major General Simon Fraser, his Heirs and Assigns* a. full and ample ,urv-

Discharge according tw the

at an)

I Hum

54 C. 23. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Forms of Law in Scotland.

After the Date of the Grant by his Majesty, the Act 05 Geo. *. with respect to the Estate of the date Lord Lovat, to be repealed.

Saving Clause with respect to Bodies Politick, &c.

[Preamble.]

Adventurer* may take down and remove Wharf*, Building*! &c.

Discharge and Renunciation of the said Money, Principal, and Interest, prepared according to the Forms prescribed by the Law of Scotland, for discharging and renouncing an heritable Debt or Incumbrance upon a real Estate in that Part of the united Kingdom; and that the Receipts or Discharges which shall be from Time to Time given to the said Major General Simon Fraser, his Heirs and Aligns, by the said Receiver-general for the Time being, on receiving Payment of the Interest Money above mentioned, and also the Discharge and Renunciation hereby directed and required to be executed and delivered by the said Receiver-general for the Time being, on receiving Payment of the aforesaid Principal Money, and Interest thereof, due at the Time of such Payment, shall be good, valid, and sufficient Acquittances, and a good, valid, and sufficient Discharge and Renunciation to the said Major General Simon Fraser, his Heirs and Assigns, in the same Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Receipts, and the said Discharge and Renunciation, had been granted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Date of such Grant so to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of all and every the Lands, Lordships, Baronies* Patronages, Tithes, Salmon and other Fishings, and other like Heritages and Estates whatever, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, and which were afterwards, by the before-recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, so far as it relates to the before-mentioned Lands, Lordships, Baronies, Patronages, Tithes, Salmon and other Fishings, and other like Heritages and Estates whatever, forfeited by the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovaty and annexed as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed: And all and every the said Lands, Lordships, Baronies, Tithes, Salmon and other Fishings, and other like Heritages and Estates whatever, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, shall from thenceforth be difannexed from the Imperial Crown of these Realms, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty had never been made; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands, of, into, and out of, the Lands and Premises to be granted as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing this Act, or should or might have held or enjoyed, in case this Act had never been made.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament of the sixteenth and seventeenth, and twenty-second Years of King Charles the Second, and of the eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Lands called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

WHEREAS two several Acts of Parliament have b?en made and passed, one in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, and the other in the twenty-ftcond Year of his find late Majesty, for draining Deeping Fens, and other Fens therein mentioned.: And whereas, in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, another Act was made and pafilvi, to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors, of the said Fens to raise a competent Sum of Money, for the effectual Drainage and future Preservation thereof, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Lands intended to be drained by the said Acts contain thirty thousand Acres or thereabouts, although no more than ten thousand and thirty-six Acres thereof are liable to, and chargeable with the Taxes for draining the said L'mds, and for making, erecting, maintaining, and repairing the Drains, Banks, and other Works thereunto belonging: And whereas such Part of the River Weland as lies within the Town of Spalding between Hawthorn Bank and the Outfall at Sea, has of late.'Years been very piuch contrafted by several Wharfs and Buildings which have been erected within the Banks of the said River, and the said River below the said Town is in many Parts not of sufficient Capacity to carry off the Water in Times of Flood: And whereas the said Adventurers are at a very great annual Expenre in endeavouring to drain and improve the said Lands 5 but unless they are impowered to widen and cleanse the said Kiver, and unless some further Powers are granted to them, the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds cannot be effectudly drained and improved May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Exeel-ent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the fi»id Adventurers, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to take down and remove all such Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, and other Obstructions, built, erected, and made, on the Sides of the said River Welland, within the said Town of Spaldings between the said Hawthorn Bank and the Outfall at Sea (except such Tunnels and Sluices as now lie, or hereafter may be laid into the said River IFellard, for draining the Lands adjoining the find River Welland, the Tunnel herein after particular1) mentioned excepted); and that the said River, between Hawthorn Bank and the Outfall at Sea aforesaid (after such Obstructions are removed), shall for ever hereafter remain sixty-five Feet wide; and also to t-ke away and remove so much of the whole Length of the several Frontages belonging to the Persons herein after named, any Quantity not exceeding the several Depths herein after

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 23. 55

particularly mentioned and expressed; (that is to say,) On the East Side of the said River Welland, from the Frontage belonging to Elizabeth Clarke, Widow, seven Feet; from the Frontage belonging to Ann Parkinson, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of John Hutchin, seven Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said John Hutchin, ten Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Ann Parkinson, now Tenure or Occupation of the said John Hutchin, ten Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Ann Parkinson, now in the Tenure or Occupation of the said John Hutchin, six feet; from the Frontage belonging to Hannah Bough Spinster, fifteen beet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Hannah Bough, situate near the High Bridge, fifteen Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Hannah Bough, situate below the said High Bridge, fifteen Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the Trustees of the Poor of Spalding, sixteen beet; from the Frontage belonging to Elizabeth Clarke, Widow, twenty Feet; from the Frontage belonging to Doubleday, eighteen Feet; from the Frontage belonging to Samuel Sharp,

eighteen Feet; from the Frontage belonging to Henry Bennet, twenty Feet and an Half; from the Frontage belonging to Sir Sampson Gideon Baronet, twenty Feet and an Half; from the Frontage belonging to Daniel Arnold, twenty Feet and an Half; fmm the Frontage belonging to John Rojbe, twenty Feet and an Half; from the Frontage belonging to Thomas Thorpe, twelve Feet; from the brontage belonging to-Mary Heeld, eight Feet; from the Frontage belonging to Judith Richards, seven Feet; and from the Frontage belonging to Ann Stevens, two Feet; and on the West bide of the said River It'etland, from the Frontage belonging to John Maffey, twelve Feet; from the Frontage belonging to John Grundy Esquire, in the Tenure or Occupation ot Theophilus Buckworth, fourteen Feet; from the Frontage belonging to Owen Scotney, sixteen Feet; from the Fronrage belonging to John Ellington, twenty-two Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Henry Bennett, twenty-four Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the Heirs of Robie Swan, twenty-four Feet; from the Frontage belonging to Theophilus Buckworth Esquire, in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Thorpe and Thomas Pitts, twenty-four Feet and three Quarters; from the Frontage belonging to the Heirs of the said Robie Swan, in the Tenure or Occupation of Widow Hoyte, twenty-four Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Theophilus Buckworth Esquire, in the Tenure or Occupation of Fullwood Sanderson, twenty-four Feet; from the Frontage belonging to John Melbwrn\ twenty-four Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the Reverend John Dinham, twenty-four Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Theophilus Buckworth Esquire, in the Tenure or Occupation of Edward

Newcombe* twenty-four Feet and a Quarter; from the Frontage belonging to the Trustees of Sparkes's Gift to the Poor of Spalding, twenty Feet; from the Frontage belonging to the said Theophilus Buckworth Esquire, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Thistleton, nineteen beet; and from the Frontage* belonging to Thomas Foulgham, twelve Feet; they the said Adventurers paying and making Satisfaction to the several Owners and Proprietors of all such Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, and Frontages, as shall be taken down, removed, or used as aforesaid, before the same shall be taken down, removed, or used for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Adventurers are hereby required to remove and take away all such Rubbish or Materials as shall or may arise from taking down or removing any such Wharfs, Buildings,*

Erections, or Frontages, as aforesaid, within the Space of one Calendar Month from the Time they shall be^in to take down or remove the same; and in case the said Adventurers shall neglect to remove and take away all such Rubbish or Materials for the Space of one Calendar Month as aforesaid, it shall and' may be lawful to and for the several and respective Owners and Proprietors of such Wharfs, Buildings,

Erections, or Frontages, to remove all such Rubbish and Materials, and all the Expences attending such

Removal shall be reimbursed such Owners or Proprietors by the said Adventurers.

[Proviso*.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise the said Adventurers to remove the Tunnel which is opposite to a Warehouse belonging to William Bailey,

Dearer the Turnpike Road than fifteen Feet from the Place where the said Tunnel is now situated.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Adventurers, or any three or more of them, shall have Actcaturers* full Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, any Wharfs, Build- wharfiTaaT* ings. Erections, Frontages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which they the said Adventurers, or any three or ar,# more of them, shall judge necessary to be taken down, removed, or otherwise made use of, for the Purpose of widening the said River within the Town of Spalding as aforesaid, for the Purchase of fuclr Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, Lands, and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such.

Proprietors and Persons interested for the Damage, Loss, or Injury, they may sustain thereby, and also-to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Guardians, Trustees, and Feofees in Trudy Guardian, At*, and all other Trustees whatsoever, Bodies Politick and Corporate, not only for and on Behalf of them- ^powered-to* selves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their cestuique Trusts, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any such;

Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the said Adventurers

for the Sale of such Wharfs^ Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Hereditaments, as shall be necessary to be*

purchased for the Purposes aforesaid: And all such Contracts and Agreements so entered into, made,.

and executed, as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever;.

and in case it shall happen that any such Guardian, Trustee or Trustees, Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Personmfnrmf

any ocher Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of fourteen Days after to treat,* jury

Notice in Writing given to such Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respect tubesummontdj.

tively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Hereditaments, refuse

to treat, or shall not agree with the said Adventurers, or any three or more of them; then, and in every such Case, the said Adventurers, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered, from Time to Time. to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County of

LxncBin, or if such Sheriff shall be immediately interested in such Matter, then to one of the Coroners of

56 C. 23. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Jurors may be challenged.

Witnesses may be summoned and examined upon Oath.

Verdicts of the Jury to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace.

the said County, requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to impanel, summon, and return a Jury, and the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby required accordingly to impanel, summon, and return, twenty-four Men qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster^ to appear before such Sheriff or Coroner, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, in order that out of them a Jury of twelve may be sworn to inquire touching the Matters in question; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time and Place, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honed and indifferent Men that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve; and all Parties concerned may have their Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby impowered and required (at the fnftance and Request of either of the Parties interested in the Matters in question), by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before him all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Wimesses touching the Matters in question, not being interested therein; and the said Sheriff or Coroner may order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters, in Controversy; which Jury (upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Sheriff or Coroner, which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby impowered to administer) shall esquire of, ailed* and ascertain, the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for Damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so assessed shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises \ and the Verdict of such Jury shall be binding to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts which shall be given in relation to any such Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the Parts, Division, or Place, wherein such Wharfs, Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Hereditaments, are situated, and shall be filed with the Rolls of such Parts, Division, or Place; and the same, or a true Copy thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, upon paying for every Inspection the Sum of one Shilling; and the Clerk for every such Parts, Division, or Place, shall deliver a true Copy of such Inrolment, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, he or they paying for every such Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater Number of Words.

V. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between the said Adventurers, or any three or more of them, and the Party or Parties interestvd, or of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be assessed by any such Jury to such Party or Parties, or legal Tender thereof made, the said Adventurers, and' their Agent or Agents, Servants, Labourers, and Workmen, shall have full Power and Authority to pull down such Wharfs and Buildings, and to enter upon such Lands and Hereditaments, in respeift whereof such Monies were so agreed for or assessed, for the Purposes of this Act, and they shall be and are hereby indemnified for so doing; and all and every Person and Persons shall from thenceforth be. to all Interns and Purposes whatsoever, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, or Interest of, in, or to the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict shall be given for a greater Sum or Recompence than shall have been offered by or on Behalf of the said Adventurers, or any three or more of them, before the summoning any such Jury, the Expences of summoning such Jury, and the Witnesses attending in consequence thereof, and of taking and returning such Inquest or Verdict, shall be paid by the said Adventurers, or their Treasurer for the Time being, out of the Monies arising from the Taxes to be imposed upon the Lands in the said Fen for the better Drainage thereof; but if any Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Adventurers, or any three or more of them, then, and in every such Case, such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Buildings, Wharfs, or Hereditaments, in question.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Adventurers shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, welland sufficiently to build and complete a new Sea Sluice, supported by Dovetail and grooved Piling, on the South Side of the River Glen, at the Distance of one hundred and ten Feet from the present Outfall of the said River, such Sea Sluice to be thirty Feet clear in the Water-way at the Least, the Floor of the said Sluice to be laid at least as low as the old Floor of the Reservoir Sluice; and shall also build a new Sluice at or near the present Podehole Sluice, the clear Water-way of which shall be made and continued of less Capacity, by three Feet at the least, than the said Sea Sluice, to drain the said Feni called Deeping Fens, and also the low Lands in Pinchbeck and Spaldings and shall continue, by a new Cut* the Drain called Vernat's Drainy down to the said intended Outtall Sluice; and make the said Drain from a Place called Podehole Sluice Jo the said intended Outfall Sluice, not less than forty Feet wide at the Top* nor less than twenty Feet wide at the Bottom, with the said Bottom sunk as low as, and upon a Level with the Floor of the said Outfall Sluice, with Forelands of ten Feet at least, except in such Places where it shall not be found necessary to remove the old Banks; and that the said Adventurers ihal), and they are hereby also required to make and continue the Drain called Langtoft Roft, thirty Feet wide at the least, and the Drain called North Drove Dike, twenty Feet wide at the least, and the Drain called Black Dike Roft, thirty Feet wide at the least, and the Drain called South Drove Dike% twenty Feet wide at the least, and the Drain called The Eighteen Feet Drains forty Feet wide at the least, and the Bottom of all such Drains of a level with the Floor of Podehole Sluice; and that the said Adventurers may take Land for such Purposes from the Commons adjoining thereto respectively, and that the Water in or upon the Commons in the said Fens shall and may, at all Times thereafter, have free Passage into all such old and new Drains

After Satisfaction it made,

# Adventurers may proceed in the Work*.

Expences tf the ury how to be

t,

What Works ere 10 be d^ne by the Adventurers.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 23. 57

and Works as now are or shall be uftd for the draining the said Fen Lands, or any of them, without any Obstruction thereto.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said new Cut to be made from the Sea Sluice to the The new Cut,

Drain called Vnnat\ Drain, shall he carried nearly in a parallel Line with the River Holland on the North to be made frtm Side thereof, from theinten-ied Sea Sluice, over the Lands and Grounds of Shad-worth Hodgson, Gentleman, ^e\~hn, cc.l<* to Lands belonging to the R'ght Honourable Stuart, commonly called Lord Linton, and 7Oj^ii^bc carried

mas A leafive. Gentleman; then al >ng the boundary Line between the said Lands belonging to the said inaparalM Line Lord Lint n and Thomas Menfure \ then along the boundary Line, between the Lands belonging to Sir with the River Samjfon Gideon, Baronet, and Graham Wilkinson, Gentleman, to the present Drain callcJ Vernads Drain; Welland, any Fhing in this Act, or the said former Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided .1K0, and be it enacted, That all the Earth which shall be taken out in making the said new parth taken cut

Cut, shall be equally laid on each Side of the said Cut. of new Cut to be

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Powers given to the Commissioners n'

of Sewe.s by the said Ail of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, ni^g of°-

to (hut down the Sluice at Pod eh ole aforesaid, and to flop the said Drain called Vernad s Drain for the Space Scweis, respect-

of two Months in every Year, in order to drain the Lands in Pinchbeck and Spalding, shall, from and imme- in* the (hutting

diately after the/aid Adventurers shall have opened and scoured the said Drain called Tern acts Drain, and Podehole Sluice,

laid down the Floor, and crcfted the said Sea Sluice, and also the said Sluice at Podehole, in Manner afore- &Ct altered*

hid, cease and determine; and it shall not be lawful for the Lid Commissioners hereafter to flop the Sluice

and Doors to be set down at Podehole aforesaid for any greater Space of Time than twenty-eight Days in the

Course of any one Year, to be reckoned from the first Day of January in one Year to the first Day of

January in the succeeding Year and that the said Sluice and Doors shall not at any Time be stopped by the

laid Commissioners for more than three successive Days together, within the Space of fourteen Days, in

order that thcie shall always be reserved to the said Adventurers a clear Interval of eleven Days between the different Times of setting down the said Sluice and Doors as aforesaid, for the running or carrying off

the Fen Wafers; any Thing contained in the said recited Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of

King Charles the Second, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary hereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners

Commissioners

of Sewers, at any of their Courts to be holden for the Parts ot Holland, and they are hereby of may

authorised and impowered, to order and direct any Tunnel or Tunnels to belaid through the Bank or Banks

of the said Drain called Vernads Drain, for the Purpose and Conveniency of draining the Lands adjoining e

upon the said Drain, or for the taking Water out of the said Drain into the said Lands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as they shall think fit; but no Tunnel or Tunnels shall be laid through the said Bank or Banks of the said Drain by the Owner or Occupier of any Lands adjoining thereto, without the Leave or Consent of the Commissioners of Sewers; and in case any such Owner or Occupier, having

such Leave or Consent, shall, by laying any Tunnel or Tunnels through the said Banks, do any Injury or

Damage to the said Banks, the Commissioners of Sewers are hereby required, at some of their Courts to be

holden for the Parts of Holland, as aforesaid, to order the same to be made good, at the Expence of such Owner or Occupier.

XII. Provided always, That the said Adventurers, their Heirs or Assigns, shall not be answerable for any Adventurers not Damage that may arise to any Lands, either from such Tunnels being laid through such Banks as aforesaid, tr* be answeubie with or without such Leave as aforesaid, or from any Neglect in the Coiyt of Sewers to order such Bank or Banks to be repaired after such Tunnels shall be laid down as aforesaid; any Thing contained in the 1c!* said recited Act or Acts, or any of them, or in this present Act, to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas by Reason of the Narrowness of the Arches of Surfleet Bridge, and Cross Gate Bridge Adsrentiers in Pinchbeck, over the River Glen, the Waters coming down the said River are greatly obstructed in their 1X1 a> ^,1), d"'vn Course,' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Adventurers shall, and they are f^r/ard' Cio£ hereby authorised and required, within twelve calendar Months from the Day of the passing this Act, to gate Bridges, take down the said Surfleet Bridge, and, within the Time aforesaid, to build another good and sufficient Bridge in the Stead thereof, of not less Capacity and Dimensions than the present Bridge in Pinchbeck afore-said, called Money Bridge; and the said Adventurers are hereby also required to enlarge the said Bridge called Cross Gate Bridge to a Water way of thirty Feet within the Space of two calendar Months from the Time Surfleet Bridge shall be rebuilt as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Adventurers shall, and they are hereby required to cause Gravel Frvv, the Drain called Gravel Drain to be properly scoured and cleansed, and the Bank thereof, on the Side next &c.tobe icoured. the said Fens, to be properly (Lengthened; and to make and continue the said Drain and Bank to the North-east Corner of a certain Place called Swine's Meadow; and also to make a strong and sufficient Dam

at the South End of the said Drain, to convey the Water Northward into the Counter lVash\ and also thoroughly repair and enlarge the South Bank of the Counter Drain, and widen and deepen the said Counter Drain from the End of Gravel Drain to Podehole Sluice aforesaid, for the carrying oft' and conveying the upland Waters along Vernads Drain to the Sea, without overflowing the said Fens.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Adventurers shall, and are The Sr* siuxe hereby required, in the first place, to cause the said Sluice, called The Sea Sluice, and the Sluice called and Podehole Podehole Sluice, to be built and opened, and the new Cut, and Vernads Drain, to be made and widened, *?h»ce, ,n the from the said Sea Sluice to Poddoole Sluke, as herein-before directed; and until such Time that such Works

shall have been completed, it shall not be lawful for the Lid Adventurers to do or perform the Works herein- deued. before directed to be done or performed upon the Drain called Gravel Drain, and the Bank thereof, to Sili nc's Meadow, the Dam to be made at the South End of the said Drain, the South Bank of the Counter

58 C. 23. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

The Adventurers may replace Tunnels in the North West Side of the Riven Welland- and ClCD.

Ihopweton of ] and*, Guardian*, &c. may borrow Money far the Porpofcf %L tiui Act%

The Time* of holding annual Meet mgs.

Pays for paying the Ta*?s laid by the Advert* tffCfl.

Drain, and the said Counter Drain, from the End of Gravel Drain to Podehole Sluice, the Drain called La art oft Rofiy the Drain called North Drove Dike, the Drain called Black Dike Rofty the Drain called South Drove Dike, the Drain called The Eighteen Feet Drainy or any of them; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Owner or Owners of any Tunnel or Tunnels now laid, or which shall hereafter be laid, through any of the Banks called Deeping Bank, Barflon Bank, the Counter Bank, and Gravel Drain Bank, when extended to Swine s Meadow Corner, is, and are hereby required, on or before the thirtieth Day of Sep-Umber in every Year, well and sufficiently to dam, stop? or make up, with Dove-tail or other Piles, all and every such Tunnel and Tunnels already made, or which may hereafter be made, for conveying Water into the said Fens, or any of them: And in case the Owner or Owners of such Tunnel or Tunnels, or his or their Tenant or Tenants, shall refuse or neglect effectually to dam and stop such Tunnel or Tunnels on or before the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Adventurers, their Servants or Agents, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, immediately after the first Day of October in every Year, well and sufficiently to dam, stop, and make up, with Dove-tail or other Piles, in Manner before-mentioned, all and every such Tunnel or Tunnels made, or to be made, for conveying Water into the said Fens, or any of them, as aforesaid, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, so neglecting to flop and secure the same; and the said Tunnel or Tunnels, when dammed or stopped up as aforesaid, shall (o remain till the first Day of May then next following; And in case any such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of twenty-eight Days, to pay the Expences of the same, after Demand being made by the Agent or Agents of the said Adventurers, it shall then be lawful to and for the said Adventurers, by an Order made at their General Annual Meeting, to take up and entirely remove the said Tunnel or Tunnels, and to fell so much of the Materials thereof as will defray the Expences attending the taking up and removing the same:

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Owners or Proprietors of taxable Lands, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives only, or having any other limited Estateor Estates therein, and for the Husbands of all Femes-covert, and all other Persons being or acting as Trustees of charitable and other Uses, Guardians, Committees, or Attornies, to any Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, intitled to any Share or Part of the said taxable Lands, and they, and each and every of them for the Time being, are hereby respectively authorised, enabled, and impowered, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be annually assessed on such Lands, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings per Acre for every Acre of their said Lands; which Money, when borrowed*, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and not otherwise 5 and for the Repayment of all such Money, with the Interest thereof, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, their respective Parts or Shares in the said taxable Lands, to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, either in Fee-simple or for any Term or Terms of Years; so as such Grants, Mortgages, Leases, or Demises, be respectively made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and Satisfied, and so as in every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, which shall be made as aforesaid, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest of the Money thereby secured, so that the Person intitled to the Premises in Reversion or Remainder shall not be liable to the Payment of any larger Arrear of Interest than for one Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall; have commenced; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, which shall be made as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents ana Purposes.

XVIII. And whereas by the said Act of the twenty-second of King Charles the Second, the Adventurers are restrained from holding their publick annual Meetings for assessing and railing the Acre Tax at any Time in the Year except on the Thursday next after the second Sunday in April, and it would be more convenient to many of the said Adventurers if their annual Meetings were to be holden for the future upon the last Thursday in April\ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing, of this Act, (o much of the said Act as directs the said Adventurers to meet on the Thursday next after the second Sunday in April, in every Year, shall be, and is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Adventurers, or any three or more of them, to meet at the Town of Spaldings for the Purpose of assessing and raising the Acre Tax as aforesaid, directed to be assessed and raised by virtue of the said Act, upon the last Thursday in April in every Year and on no other Day; any Thing contained in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of King Charles the Second to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas the Time fixed by the said last mentioned Act for Payment of the Rates or Taxes* directed to be paid for draining the said Fens is too late in the Year for completing the Works necessary to be done in that Year for which such Rates or Taxes are raised, and it would be greatly for the Benefit of the Adventurers if the Money to be raised by the said Rates or Taxes was raised and paid at two separate Payments ;? be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act the Rates or Taxes directed to be laid and raised by all or any of the said former Acts, and by this present Act, for the Purpose of draining and improving the said. Fen Lands, shall be laid and made as herein after directed, and not otherwise; (that is to say), All such Rates and Taxes as shall be laid on the said taxable Lands in the said Fens, at the annual Meetings of the said Adventurers* which shall be held for that Purpose on the said last Thursday in April, in every Year, at the Town of Spalding, shall be paid by the respective Owners of the said Lands or Grounds to the Treasurer, or Deputy Treasurer* or Receiver, to the said Adventurers for the Time being, by two equal Payments, on the twenty-second Day of May y and the eleventh Day of November, in every Year; the first Payment whereof shall be made on the twenty-second^ Day of May next after the Day on which such Rates and Taxes are laid y and in case the said Owners or

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 23. 59

Proprietors shall celled or refuse to pay the same on the respective Days or Times before limited for Payment thereof, or within ten Days after, every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and the said taxable Lands to the like Seizures and Sequestrations as they are severally subject and liable to by any former Act or Acts.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That String the this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to repeal, invalidate, lessen, or diminish, alter. Rights of 1 he or takeaway, any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities of any Person or Persons, or any of the Rights,-Powers, and Authorities of the Commissioners of Sewers for the County of Lincoln respectively, veiled in 0 cwers* them, or either of them, by force and virtue of the said recited Act or Acts, or either of them except

certain Rights, Powers, and Authorities which were given to the Commissioners of Sewers by the said Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, over the Sluice at Podehole, and over Vernat's Drains which are meant to be varied, altered, and abridged, as herein-before is particularly mentioned); but that all such respective Rights, Powers, and Authorities, of any Person or Persons, and Commissioners of Sewers, together with every Clause, Article, Sentence, Penalty, Matter, and Thing, severally contained in the said recited Act or Acts, or either of them (except as before is excepted), shall remain, continue, and be in as full Force and Virtue as if this Act had not been made.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice^ Prejudicing uf obstruct, prevent, or defeat, any of the Works made, or to be made, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Works made fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain low Marsh

and Fen Lands, bung between Boston Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County, Landi^Ug be* of Lincoln,) and in pursuance of an Act, made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (for tweea Eonon amending and rendering more effectual the said Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign J or to Haven and hnpower the Commissioners acting by virtue of this Act to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, lessen, alter, ho*

or take away, any of the Rights, rowers, or Authorities, which by the said two last- mentioned Acts were P"*60*4-veiled in all or any of the Commissioners acting under the said Acts, but that the same shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be employed by the said Adventurers in Every Perron the Care, Direction, Execution, or Management, of the said Works, or any of them, shall, at any ila!l Meeting (if required), give in his Accounts upon Oath touching all Money received and expended by him,

in, about, or concerning such Works (which Oath the said Adventurers, or any three of them, are hereby Cei?ed,&c. if* impowered to administer) 5 and that the said Adventurers may displace any such Person or Persons, if they thereunto re-shall then judge proper. % quired.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in relation to the obtaining Etpence* of the

and passing this Act shall be paid, borne, and defrayed, by the said Adventurers out of any Money now in how

their Hands, or which shall hereafter come to their Hands by virtue or in pursuance of any former Act or patd*

Acts, or of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himfdf or herself aggrieved P«rion* ag* darby any Thing done in pursuance of the said former Acts, or of this Act, and for which no particular Method ?ay0*pp!ii of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at their next

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the Division or District in the said County where such Cause of Complaint or Dispute shall arise or happen; or in case the Cause of Complaint shall aiife within twenty-one Days next before, such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then to the second General Quarter Sessions to be held for the said Division or District; such Appellant fieft giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal,

&nd of the Matter thereof, to the said Adventurers, or their Agent, and within four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Division or District, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide by the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions to be held for the said Division or District; and the said Justices, at the said Sessions, upon due Proof of stich Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices flull think proper 5 and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or Umfonon of commenced against the said Adventurers, or any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Action*

Act, until twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to such Person or Persons, or to the said Adventurers or their Agents, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or

Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the said County of Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and give this Act, and the Gcaenl lift* special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before twenty-one Days Notice shall bethereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and, upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Treble Cufb* Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law j nor shall any Person or Persons who

---

60 C. 24, 25. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

shall offend against this Act be sued or prosecuted after the Expiration of six Calendar Months from the Time of the Offence committed,

[Publick Act.]

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other publick Passages and Places within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds, and Embezzlements, by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS Frauds are frequently committed, and Embezzlements made, by Persons employed, in the Woollen Manufactory, particularly by their secreting, felling, or otherwise illegally disposing of, the working Tools and Materials they are intruded with, by the Weavers taking the Biers out of the Chains, and withholding Part of the Woof or Abb Yarn delivered to them, and by the Pickers, Scribblers, and Spinners, embezzling Part of the Wool and Yarn intruded to them, and also by damping, fleaming, and watering, the Residue, in order to make up the Deficiency in Weight, oc-* fioned by such Embezzlements, and also by taking off, picking, or cutting out the Lid, Forrel, or other Marks, of any Piece or Pieces of Cloth, by Means whereof the Clothiers sustain great Damage and Loss: And whereas the Abuses committed in the Clothing Manufacture by Persons carrying, collecting,

buying, and receiving, from the Labourers employed in that Manufacture, Ends of Yarn, Wefts,

Thrumbs, Short Yarn, and other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget, and other Woollen Goods, and Goods mixed with Wool, have been found very detrimental to the said Manufactures; and the said Frauds and Abuses are frequently carried on and committed so secretly, that the Laws now in being are by no Means sufficient to-prevent the same, whereby Persons employed in the said Manufacture are tempted and encouraged to embezzle, purloin, secrete, sell, and detain, the Goods and Materials with which tiny are intruded by the Clothiers, and other Woollen Manufacturers, so that the Cloth made comes out defective in the Substance, Perfection, and Excellence, intended by the Clothier, to the Discredit of the Manufacturer, and Injury of the Publick: And whereas it is apprehended such Frauds and Embezzlements*

would not be so frequent if the Detection and Punishment of the said Offences were made more easy and certain :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons employ-

That if ed in the Wool- any Picker, Scribbler, Spinner, or Weaver, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be any-lcn Manufac- ways employed in or about the making or manufacturing of Woollen Cloth, or in preparing Materials inmpiemenw" for that Purpose, shall not return all working Tools or Implements, Wool, Yarn, Chain, Woof, or Abb, and Materials to delivered out to be worked up and manufactured, and all such Materials, as aforesaid, wherewith he, (he, their Employers 5 or they, shall be intruded, or give a satisfactory Account touching the same respectively, to his, her, or their Employer, when thereunto required by the Person or Persons by whom he, she, or they, shall have been so intruded, or by his, her, or their known Clerk or Servant, or shall fraudulently fleam, damp, or or shall cut or water the Wool or Yarn delivered to him, her, or them, to be worked up; or if any Person or Persons pick off the Lift shall t;:ke off, cut, or pick out, the Lift, Forrel, or other Mark, of any Piece of Cloth, and shall be or Mark of convicted of any such Offence before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division,

viabii°bcSc a

Liberty, or Place, where the Person or Persons so offending shall reside, either by the Confession of the Justice, to be Part Y or Parties, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; every such Per-co-nmitrd for one son so convicted shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of one Calendar Month, Calendar Month,

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so employed, and who shall have been. PersonsaMeond- entrusted with any Tools, Implements, Wool, Yarn, Chain, Woof, or Abb, or other Materials as afore-in$ and felling fai'J, shall not have delivered or accounted for the same, 111 a 11 abscond, or cannot he found, or shall fell, Mite.his; or otherwise dispose of the same, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently buy or tViud iiently or receive such Tools, Implements, or Materials, of any Person so employed or entrusted; or if any Toots- PCI*f°n or Persons shall be suspected of, and charged on, such Suspicion with having embezzled and kept back, by means of fraudulently damping, fleaming, or watering, the Wool and Yarn delivered out to him, her, or them; or with having fold, bought, or otherwise received the same, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, and Oath shall be made thereof respectively before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for Justic-sTmy the County, Division, Liberty, or Place, where ariv such Offence was committed; such Justice shall

ifiur Warrant? thereupon issue his Warrant to any Constable or Constables, or other Peace Oincer or Peace Officers, to

to Constable* to enter into and search, in the Day-time, the Place of Dwelling or Residence of such Person or Persons so

*rcU# offending, and also such other House or Place, Houses or Places, of which the Clothier, Clerk, or Ser-

vant, as aforesaid, shall make Oath that he, she, or they, have just Cause to suspect, it appearing to the said Justice to be reasonable Suspicion that the said working Tools, or the said Materials, or some Part or Parts thereof, to have been embezzled or kept back, fold, bought, or received, as aforesaid, may be

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 61

secreted and lodged: And if, upon Search, any of the said working Tools, Wool, Yarn, Chain, Woof, ConfUMei may or Abb, or any Cloth with the Lift, Forrel, or other Marks, taken off, cut, or picked out, shall be found, fe,*c.Tool\&c* the said Constable or Constables, Peace Officer or Peace Officers, shall seize the same, and apprehend the p"rro"ng/be Person or Persons in Whose Custody or Post'ession the same shall be found, and bring him, her, or them, vhofe Custody before the same, or some other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, Liberty, they are found, or Place aforesaid; and unless such Person or Persons, in whose Custody the same shall be found, can give befo[e force a good Account how he, she, or they, came by the same, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices; Justice* then, and in such Case, such Person or Persons shall be thereof convicted, and suffer such Punishment as is. herein* before directed to be inflicted on Persons not returning the Tools or Materials as aforesaid; and all such Tools, Wool, Yarn, Chain, Woof, or Abb, or such Cloth as aforesaid, so seized, and not accounted for as aforesaid, shall, upon such Conviction, be delivered over to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the same were seized, to be by them fold and the Monies arising by such Sale, after defraying the Expences of such Sale, shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

III. Provided always, That in case the Person or Persons accused shall request of such Justice to appoint justice to allow a reasonable Time to produce the Person or Persons of or from whom he, she, or they, bought or re- a reasonable ceived the same, or some one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to prove the Sale or Delivery Time for pro-thereof; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Taid Justice', and he is hereby autho- ducin* Parties, rifed and required to appoint such reasonable Time as aforesaid, and to issue out a Summons to the Constable, or other Peace Officer, of the Parish or Place where such Person or Persons, or such Witness or Witnesses, shall respectively reside, requiring him, her, or them, to appear before such Justice, at such Time and Place as shall be so appointed by such Justice, in order to be examined and give Evidence, on.

Oath, of the several Matters aforesaid; but such Person or Persons, at the Time of making such Request, shall enter into a Recognizance, with or' without Surety or Sureties, as such Justice shall think proper, for his, her, or their Appearance before him at the Time so to be set, or, for want of such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall be committed until the Time that shall he so set or appointed by the said Justice for the Appearance of such Party or Parties, Witness or Witnesses: And if at such appointed Time such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid; then, and in such Case, he, she, or they, shall suffer such Punishment as is herein-before directed to be inflicted on Persons not returning such Tools or Materials as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justices, upon

Justice* or Justices, upon Information made to him or them, on Oath, by any credible Person or Persons, information that there is just Cause to suspect that any Ends of Yarn, Wefts, Thrumbs, Short Yarn, or other Refuse Houses^be* of Cloth, Drugget, or of other Woollen Goods, or of Goods mixed with Wool (Flocks and Pinions searched only excepted), have been collected and received, and are lodged or concealed, in any Dwelling-house, '

Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, or other Place, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, and other Place, to be searched in the Day-time; and if and the same t« such Ends of Yarn, Wefts, Thrumbs, Short Yarn, or other. Refuse of Cloth, Drugget, or other Woollen p*- Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool ( Flocks and Pinions only excepted), above the Quantity of three, before^hcmf Pounds, shall be found therein, to seize the same; and also to cause the Person or Persons in whose

House, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, or other Place, the same shall be found, to be brought before him, or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the fyme County, Division, Liberty, or Place, and on Proof being made thereof upon Oath before such Justice or Justices, that such Ends of Yam, Wefts,

Thrumbs, Short Yarn, or other Refuse of Cloth, Drugget, Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool (Flocks and Pinions only excepted), were found in the Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, or other Place, of such Person or Persons so brought before such Justice or Justices, such Person or Persons not exculpating him, her, or themselves, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, shall thereupon suffer such Punishment as is herein-before directed to be inflicted on Persons not returning the Tools or Materials as aforesaid, and the Materials so* found in the Custody of such Person or Persons-shall, by Order of such Justice or Justices, be burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

V. Provided always, That if, upon any Information made upon Oath before any Justice or Justices HowOfTcnden,

against any Person or Persons offending against this Act, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, that such on a Second Person or Persons so informed against hath or have been already before convicted of any Offence against this Act; then, and in such Ca:c, such Justice or Justices shall not proceed to convict such Offender or.a*a'*ec Offenders, but* shall and may commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction, there to remain

until the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, Division, Li-, berty, or Place, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have entered into a Recognizance, with sufficient Sureties, to appear at such Sc (lions, and then and there to abide the Order of the Justices at such Session; and such Justice or Justices shall and may bind over the Informer to prosecute the said Offender or Offenders at the said Sessions, and the Justices at such Sessions shall, then and there proceed to inquire into and determine the same in a summary Way; and if, upon such Inquiry, such Person or Persons shall be found guilty of the said Offence, the said Justices shall, at their Discretion, commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for any Time they think proper to direct, not exceeding three Calendar Months.

VI. Provided also, That if it shall appear to the Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions, that such Person or Persons hath, or have, already been convicted, at some General Quarter Sessions, of any Offence, against this Act; then, and in such Case, the said Justices shall, upon a like Inquiry and Conviction, in a summary Way, dfredl the said Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, and also to be once publickly whipped at such Time and Place as such Justices, at their said Quarter Sessions, shall direct.

62 C. 26. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Appeal may be made to the next Quarter Session by Persona aggrieved.

Form of Conviction;

to be wrote on Parchment, and returned to the next Quarter Session,

No Proceeding* to be had without Information,

[Preamble.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the Judgment of any Justice or Justices before whom he, she, or they, shall have been convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal; and the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to m*ke known to such Person or Persons, at the Time of inch Conviction, his and their Right.under this Act to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the' Peace to be held for the County, Liberty, Division, or Place, where such Conviction shall be made, the Person or Persons, at the Time of such Conviction, giving to such Justice or Justices Notice in Writing, signifying his, her, or their Intention to appeal, and also entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Notice, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions 5 and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required, upon due Proof made of such Notice, and of such Recognizance being entered into, tp hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal in a fijmmary Way, and award Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against, if the said Justices shall think proper; but if upon such Hearing the Judgment of the Justice or Justices, before whom such Appellant shall have been convicted as aforesaid, shall be aflirmed; then, and in such Case, such Appellant shall suffer such Punishment* in conference of such Conviction, as is herein-before ctfredfced to be inflicted on Persons not returning the Tools or Materials as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said. Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following; (that is to say),

4 BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

* A.B. is convicted before me (us), of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place (as the Case may be), of having (here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place where the same was committed). Given under my Handand Seal, or our Hands and Seals (as the Case may be), the Day and Year aforesaid/

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be fairly wrote over, upon Parchment; and also to be returned to the next General Qiurter Session of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of the said Sessions.

X. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be proceeded against for any of the Offences against this Act, as aforesaid, unless Information shall be made thereof, upon Oath, before one or more justice or Justices of the Peace, for the County, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar Months after such Offence shall be committed; and no. Order made, touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for want of Fornyor be removed or removeable by Certiorari» or any other Writ or Procefe whatsoever, into any of his Msgefty's Courts of Record at Westminster*

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat-meal or Flour, Oatsi Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Male, and Biscuit, to HudfoiCs Bay, in North Am rica, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants residing there.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn; it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That whenever the Price of middling British Wheat, at any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from whence the same should be intended to be exported, should appear to be at or above the Price of forty-

four Shillings per Quarter, such Price being ascertained in Manner in the said Act before mentioned, no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure so to be, out of or from any such Port or Place, or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board, in any Ship or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, or Malt, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch made of Wheat; and whenever the Price of middling British Pease or Beans, or of middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or of middling British Oats, should respectively appear, at such Port or Place, to be at or above the several distinct Prices in the said Act particularly mentioned no Person or Persons whatsoever should, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause so to be, or load or lay on Board, in any Snip, or other Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any such Port or Place, any Pease or Beans, ground or unground, or any Bread or Biscuit, made of Pease or Beans respectively, or any Barley, Beer, or Bigg, respectively, or any Oats, or Oatmeal, or

Malt, Bread, or Biscuit. made of Oats, under the several Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act particularly mentioned and inflicted: And whereas it is necessary at all Times to export Wheat-meal or Flour, Qats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Peas, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, to Hudson*s Bay, in North America, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants residing the re / may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27, 28. 63

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Not exeeding

That from and after the pacing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to mrp and export, from the Port of London only. Wheat-meal or Flour, *00Quarter*of not exceeding, in the Whole, two hundred Quarters in any one Year and from the said Port of London S^cal-me*Icor only, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, not exceeding together, in the Whole, ye"fr* fronTthe two hundred and sixty Quarters in anyone Year, to Hudson s Bay, in North America, for the Benefit Port of London; of the Hudsons Bay Company, and their Servants residing the re; any Thing in the said Act to the con- *ndOat«, Oat-trary notwithstanding, so as the Exporter do, before the shipping of such Articles aforesaid to Hudsons meal* Grott*, Ba\\ in North America, enter into such or the like Bond or Bonds, as are, by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, directed to be entered into by the Exporters from the Port of London to the twdBifcuit/ Island of Saint Helena, of the particular Species and Quantity of Corn, Grain, or Flour, allowed by the 160Quarters, said Act to be exported to that Island. maybe exported-

II. Provided al ways, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Exportation of the toHudson'sBay* said Commodities, or any of them, shall by the said Act be permitted 5 then, and in such Case, no such Bond shall be required upon the Exportation to HudforCs Bay, or such of them as shall be so permitted. moditiet, no

Bond Bull be required upon Exportation.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when any Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation of the said Commodities, or any of them, the same Bounties shall be allowed upon the Exportation Exportationio* thereof to Hudson's Bay, under the Regulations, Provisions, and Restrictions, in the said Act mentioned. Hodlbn,s Bayi

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in Force during such Continuance' Time zs the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall have Continuance. the AO#

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for fixing and regulating a Publick Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat within the Town and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Tate Majesty King George the Second, for hying a Doty of two Pennies Scots, or one-fixch Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof.

[Preamble

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-feoond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part AttaaCco. # 4 of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into,

tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof an Imposition or Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and above the Duty of Excise paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), was granted and laid upen every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which should be either brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof j and the said Duty is directed to be applied to the Purposes, and levied in the Manner, mentioned in the said Act, and which is declared to take Place, and to have Continuance*

only from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, for and during.

the Term of thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And whereas the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted cannot be completed wijhin the Term granted by the said Act (which has now but a few Years to run), and as a Prolongation of the said Act would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Borough of Kinghorn, and to the Publick :*

Therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Provost, and others the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Borough of Kinghorn, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,- and by the Authority of the same, That the Imposition, or Duty, granted and made payable by the Act before re- farther coutl^ cited, upon Ale and Beer that shall be either brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town nued (of

of Kinghorn, or Liberties thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Act, be further conti- Year*.

Sioed, raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable, to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council,-of the Borough of Kinghorn, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Assigns, or to such Collectors or Receivers as shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this present Act, be by them, or the major Part of them, appointed and impowered, for the life and Behoof of the said Borough, (or the further Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session* of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Imposition or Duty shall, Diitytobera<fc* during the said additional Term^of twenty-five Years, and from thenoe to the End of the then next Session and coiicfled of Parliament, bfe raised, levied, and colrcfted, from the same Persons, and by the same Means and Me- thods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, iand be accounted for* paid, and applied, to and for by former laT the same Uses and Purposes; and that the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, be and continue 7 Trustees for such Application, with the same Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Directions, as are mentioned and prescribed in the said recited Act; and' that the said Act; and every Article, Rule,

lauftb Matter* and Thing, therein contained* Hull bo of- the Tamo Force and Effect, to all Intents and

64 C. 29, 30. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Every Brewer and Seller of Ale, &c. to give Notice to the Magistratea, and to agree to the Payment of the Duty.

Penalty on miking Default*

AW Right* by the former Act, and by the Law of Scotland, for levying the Rate*, referee! to the Provost, Sc c.

Who are to be Oterfcers of the Impofuion by this Act.

Signed and certified Account! of the Receipts and Disburlc-menes to be made up annually".

Notice to be given of the annual Meeting.

Purposes, for railing, collecting, securing, and levying, the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the same for the Uies and Purposes mentioned in the said Act, so far as these are not already executed, for and during the additional 'Perm of Years for which the same are hereby granted, as if the said above-recited Act was particularly and at laige repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, except as is herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, it fh ill not be lawful for any Brewer, or Seller of Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof, to import or fell any Beer or Ale into or in the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, unless he, she, or they, do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of the said Borough, or their Coll dlor of the said Duty, at his Office, and agree to be subjected to, and charged with the Payment of the said Duty, for all the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such Brewer or Seller of Bt er or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough, and Liberties thereof; and that every such Brewer, or Seller of Beer or Ale, who shall import or fell any Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, without having given such previous Notice, and agreed as aforesaid, being thereof duly convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall be charged with, and liable to, the Payment of the said Duty to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the said Borough, or their Collector, for all Ale and Beer brewed by him or her for the Space of twelve Months immediately preceding his or her committing such Offence, and in all Time thereafter during the Continuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That besides the Remedies and Execution granted and provided by the said recited Act, for levying, recovering, and making effedlua:, the (evcral Rates, Duties, and Impositions, hereby granted and continued, the said Provod, Magistrates, and Town Council, and their Collectors, shall, from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, be intitled to use all such other Methods, Remedies, and Execution, against the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions as is competent by the Law of Scotland to the Magistrates and Town Council of Royal Boroughs, and their Collectors, for recovering the ordinary Revenues of such Boroughs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present Act, that the honourable James IVemyfs of IVemyfs, Robert Ferguson of Reath, James Saint Ciair of Saint Clair, David BeaTon of Vicars Grange, Claud Bo five I! of Bahnutto, Alexander Aiifon of Noith Giajfmont,

James Townsend Oswald of Dinnekeir, Robert Beatfon of KiHerie, William IVemyfs of Cuitlehill, John Bruce of Grange Mayer, Esquires; the Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Time being for the District of Boroughs, whereof Kinghorn is one, or any three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, in Place and Stead of the Overseers appointed by the above-recited Act, and mall have, and are hereby vested with the same Powers, and under the same Regulations, as are in and by the said recited Act granted and given to the said former Overseers; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided, always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proved, Bailies, and Council, of the said Town of Kinghorn, and their Successors for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, to date and make up, annually, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, in each Year, an Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, under and by virtue of the before-recited Act, and of this present Act, and to leave and deposit the Account, so annually dated and made up (signed and certified by the Provost or elded Bailie for the Time being), at the Office of the Town Clerk of the said Borough <?f Kinghorn, open for the Inspection of every Person having an Inteied in the same, three Weeks at lead before the first Wednesday of August in every Year and also to give cdidlal Notices, in the usual Mannes*

the

Depositation at the Town Clerk's Odice of the Account for the preceding Year, open for the Inspection of the said Overseers, and of every other Person having an Interest in the same.

[Publick Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall he deemed, and taken to be, a publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts in Great Britain, and by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Poor, within the Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of the Tower of London; an J for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places within the same* and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

before the hrlt IP ednejday of August in every Year and also to give cdidlal Notices, in the usual IYLnnep, at the Church Door of Kinghorn, on each of the two Sundays immediately preceding the fird Wednesday August in every Year, for the annual Meeting, upon inch first Wednesday of August respectively, or the Overseers by this Act appointed, and with Notice of the Depositation at the Town Clerk's Odice of the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31. 65

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Fife.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services and Work, and Monies, Which are thereby authorised to be exacted and levied, have been found, by Experience, inefficient to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the County of Fifty and that other and further Powers are necessary to be given to the Heritors and Justices of Peace of the said County effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution: And as this cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That* for the more easy and effectual Execution of the Powers herein-a/ter granted, the OMfion <h* said County of Fife shall be divided into four different Distri&s, confiding of the respective Presbyterics of Countie* int« Saint Andrew Sy Kirkaldy, Coupary and Dunfermline. ' so*r DisttiA*.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Proprietor or Heritor, and the elded TruAeeN Sons or apparent Heirs of the Proprietors or Heritors, whose Property intitles them to be Commissioners of Supply, and the Provod, or other Chief Magistrate of every Royal Borough within the said County for the Time being, shall be Trustees or Commissioners for making, repairing, upholding, and keeping in Repair*

the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by this Act to them given and granted.

III. Provided always, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall presume to act as a T rudee, evefy Penalty «m tft-such Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of ‘ingifjwt Prosecution 3 to be recovered determined by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said fied*

County, before the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff-depute of the said

County, or his Substitutes; which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, to be by them applied for repairing the said Roads; and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

IV. Provided also, That it shall be a sufficient Qualification to the Provoils, or other Chief Magistrates Prarifr. of the Royal Boroughs within the said County, that they are inveded for the Time being with the aforesaid respective Offices.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or Commissioners, or any Time and Place five or more of them, shall hold their fird Meeting at Twelve of the Clock Mid-day, in the Town-hall of Tftcci the Presbytery Town within which Presbytery or Didrift their said Lands respectively do lie, upon the Me€UD* second Tuesday of Junty one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and upon the second Tdefday of,

April yearly, and every Year thereafter; with Power to them, or the Majority of those present at the said

fixed or other General Meetings assembled, to adjourn to such other Times and Places as they shall think fit or convenient; with rower also, annually, to chuse a Prefes and Clerk to the said Meetings; and to make such Orders, Regulations, and Appointments, as they shall judge proper for repairing, rebuilding.

and upholding, the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said respective Districts; and the said

Trustees or Commissioners shall have Power to a Q. in any District within the said County, whether residing

therein or not.; and the said Trustees or Commissioners, at all their Meetings, shall pay and defray their Trustees, &c. t®

own Expences. defray their owa

VI. Provided 2(1 ways. That where the Number present at such fixed or other General Meetings shall not E*Pcncc5-exceed three Trustees, and that such Trustees shall think fit to adjourn the Meeting, then, and in that Case, cJiioglTbictu fourteen Days previous Notice of the Day, and Purpose of the adjourned Meeting, (which shall be to the same Place) shall be given in Manner herein after mentioned: And provided also, That any three Trustees may, at any Time, call a General Meeting at the Town-hall of the Presbyt'ery Town within which the said three Trustees reside, upon giving the like previous Notice thereof, and of the Purpose and Business of such Meeting; and the Clerk, in such cases, shall always cause Intimation to be made of the Day and Purpose of the Meeting, by affixing Notice thereof upon each of the Church Doors within the District of which a Meeting of the Trustees shall be so called, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more E*ft uis vf

of them, at the said fixed Meeting, on the said second Tuesday of Junty one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-four, or at any other subsequent Meeting, shall have Power, and they are hereby required, to make ma c*

up and afeertarn exadfc Lists of the Number of Plough gates of Lands, as well in Grass as in Tillage, within each Parish of the said respective Districts, in such Way and Manner as the same have hitherto been in use to be ascertained within the said County.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heritors, in the natural Possessioti Person* lUMeta of their own Lands, and all Lessees, Tenants, and Occupiers of Lands, shall be liable and obliged to assist do Scr?ice,» at making, building, repairing, and upholding, the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said

County; and shall, upon two Days previous Notice to be given, personally, or at their respective Places Notice to be £>f Abodev from the Overseer or Overseers of the said Highways and Bridges, or any Person authorised by given, him or them, furnish, for the Number of fix whole Days, (each Day to consist of two sufficient Yoking?) one sufficient Cart with two able Horses, and one able M *0, or, in their Option, one sufficient Wain, with two able Horses, two able Oxen, and one able Man, and that for each rloughgate of Land, and so on, in proportion to the Extent of the Land possessed by them; and all Lands let for Pasture only shall be held as in the Possession of the Heritor, and he shall be liable for each sixty Acres, or, in his Option, for each forty Pounds Sterling of Rent paid by the Tenant or Lessee for the same, to furnish the Carriages corresponding

66 C. 31. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Statute work how to be performed.

Seed-time and Harvest excepted.

Statute-work may be paid for in Money.

Exception of indigent Persons.

Carte driving Lime or Coal, not for private lire, liable for six Days Work* Deduction to the Owners* if Landholders*

If Statute-work be not perform-cd, Value to be paid in 6 Days* or Warrants may be granted to distrain*

Penalties for wrongous Distress, and not airing Lists of Scrricesj Ax*

T^e Distances that Per foils are liable to do Statute-work*

Trafteet at

Meetings may appoint Corn-

Owners of uninclosed Lands to give Ground sufficient to make the Road 25 Fact wide*

Mentors obliged to scour the Pitches,

to a Ploughgate of Land, or, in his Option, to pay the converted Value for the same, at the Rates herein after specined; and so in proportion for smaller or larger Parts or Divisions of a Ploughgate of Land so set.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Householders, Cottagers, Labourers, (Servants hired by the Year being always excepted), and all Tradesmen, not liable to furntfh Carriages, shall be obliged, upon two Days previous Notice to be given as aforesaid, to perform the Statute-work conformable to Law on the said High Roads and Bridges, by themselves, or other able Men to be employed by them, for fix full Days (each Day to consist of two sufficient Yokings); and in case of Failure, mail be subject and liable to the Penalties contained in the former Acts of Parliament.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That no Person shall be obliged to furnish Carriages, or perform Statute-work, on the said Highways and Bridges, during the Periods of seedtime or Corn-harvest in that Part of the County where he fives or resides.

XI. And, for carrying into more effectual Execution the Laws now in Force relative to Highways within the said County/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at their respective anpual District Meetings assembled, if they shall find it necessary, to order and appoint a Conversion, in Money, to be paid by all Persons liable in Statute Services, as aforesaid, for all or any of the six Days Service or Statute-work above mentioned: Provided always, That the aforesaid Conversion shall not exceed the ordinary Price or Rate of Labour in that Part of the Country where the Services are to be performed.

XII. And it is further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to exeem and free from Performance of all or any Part of the said Statute-work, and Competition therefore, all such Persons as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, or unable to perform the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall keep Carts or other Carriages for driving of Coal or Lime, or any other Things whatever, not for their own private Use* and on the publick County Roads, shall be subject and liable in six Days Work for each Cart lo employed by him, her, or them: Provided always, That if the said Persons are liable for Services in respedof Land» possessed by them, they shall have Deduction and Allowance for such of their Carts and Carriages, the Horses whereof shall appear to the said Trustees to be necessary for labouring the said Lands*

‘XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse to perform the Services and Statute-work when required, as aforesaid, or to pay the converted Values therefore within six Days after the same shall be demanded by the Overseer or Collector, in Manner before directed, the said Failure or Refusal being certified by an Application from the said Collector or Overseer to the Justices of the Peace, they, or any one of them, shall be authorised, and are hereby required, upon such Applications, to grant summary Warrants for poinding or distraining the Effects of such Defaulters for Payment of the converted Values as aforesaid, and one half more in Name of Penalty,

XV. Provided always, That in case the said Collectors or Overseers shall wrongously charge, poind, or distrain, any Person as a Defaulter, and bp convicted thereof before the Justices of the Peace, the said Jnf-tices shall award against the said Collector or Overfepr^ to the Person or Persons so aggrieved, treble the* Spm for which he or they shall be so poinded or distrained; and in case the said Overseers or Collectors shall fail to give due Notice to the Persons liable for Services and Statute-work, or to exact the converted Values, they shall be liable, and by Sentence of the said Justices, be subjected to pay double the Value of the said Services or Statute-work, or double the Conversion Money so omitted to be called out and exacted* by them.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby provided and declared, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to employ the Persons, liable in the aforesaid Services or Statute-work, at any greater Distance' than two measurea Miles from the Residence of the Persons liable for the same, nor to apply the converted Values of such Services at any greater Distance than three Miles from the Residence of the Person liable in* Payment of the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at their General Meetings of the said several Districts, to appoint Committees of their own Number, in the different Parishes, for overseeing, directing, and carrying on the Reparation of such of the said Roads and Bridges as shall be committed to their Charge, and for calling out the Persons liable* in the Services and Statute-work to perform the same, or making effectual the converted Values, and applying the same towards the working, building, and repairing, the said Roads and Bridges, in such Manner as the said Meeting mall order and appoint.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Roads are already inclosed on one Side, and the Ground on the other Side belongs to a different Proprietor, and that there shall non. be left twelve Feet and an Half from the Inclosure to the Centre of the Road, the Proprietor on the other or uninclosed Side shall be bound and obliged to give off Ground sufficient to make up twenty-five Feet broad; and the said Justices of Peace, or any three of them, are hereby authorised and required, to set off and ascertain the Extent and Value of the Ground so to be given off, to make up the Deficiency of the said twelve Feet and an Half, and to give Decree against such Person or Persons as they shall judge liable for Payment of the Value thereof, to and in Favour of such Person or Persons as they shall judge entitled for receive the same, or any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have or shall in Time coming be made along the Side of any of the Roads or Highways within the said County, then the Proprietors thereof shall be bound to keep these Ditches properly scoured; and in case of their failing so to do, when required, the Overseers of the said Roads may, and are hereby authorised to order them to be cleansed and scoured, at the Cost and Expence of the Occupiers or Possessors of the Grounds through which these Ditches are made j and upon their refusing Payment of the Expence thereby incurred* it shall and

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31. 67

may be lawful for the Justices of Peace, or any two of them, to levy such Expence by Distress and Sale, in the same Manner as is directed for levying the Composition aforesaid.

'XX. And, for preventing Annoyances on all and every of the said Roads,' be it enacted, That no Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber or Stone, Lime, Dung, Soil, Compost, Ashes, Rubbish, or other Matter, upon any of the aforesaid Roads or Highways; and all and every Person or Persons so offending shall not only forfeit the Materials so laid down, but also the Sum of five Shillings Sterling; to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this All directed, the one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, the other Half to be applied for making and repairing the aforesaid Roads.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage; or shall suffer any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or Stone, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon a Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed.

XXII. And be it ena&ea by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector of the Land Tax or Cess of each Royal Borough of the District for the Time being shall be annually bound to collell the Conversion-money of the Statute-work of the Inhabitants and others redding within such Royal Borough, and Suburbs thereof, in case they shall be desired or required so to do by the Trustees or Commissioners of the DiffriH, at their first annual or any after adjourned Meeting; and shall also be bound to account for and pay in to such Commissioners, or any Person impoweredhy them, the Monies he shall so collect and receive, after Deduction and Allowance of five Pounds per Centum of the Sums so collected for his own Trouble; and that under the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling to be paid by such Collector to the Commissioners of the District for every such Offence, in refusing or neglecting so to do; which Penalty shall be levied and recovered in Manner herein after directed*

XXIII. And whereas it has been found, by Experience, from the great Number of Roads and Bridges,

and the daily Increase of Carriages within the said County of Fife* that the Sum of ten Shillings, Scots Money, upon each hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised to be levied by the sixteenth Act of the second Parliament of King Charles the Second, has been insufficient for keeping the said Roads and Bridges in Repair ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons in the said Act mentioned, at their General Meeting at Coupar in the Month of May, in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and at every annual Meeting in the Month of May hereafter, to assess the whole County to the Extent of one Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling, or twenty Shillings Scots, upon every hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent: And in case the said General Meeting shall not assess the whole County to the Extent of the said Sum of one Shilling and Eight-pence

Sterling, then it shall be lawful to and in the Power of all or any of the Distrill or Districts, at a General or any adjourned Meeting, to assess the said Distrill or Distri&s to what further Sum they shall judge necessary, the said two Assessments not exceeding the said Sum of pne Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling in the Whole upon every one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and which additional Assessment shall be Howthe Money certified to the Collector of Supply in Writing, under the Hands of the Prefes and Clerk of the said Meet- U tabe <*Ueae4 ing; and which respective Sums shall be levied by the said Collector, along with the Cess or Land Tax of and applied, the said County, and shalt be applied towards the building, making, repairing, and upholding, the High- ways and Bridges within the DistrilU where levied: And the said Collector shall keep an exalt and separate coileAor* to ' Account of the Sums levied out of each of the said Districts, which shall only be applicable to the Bridges keep separate and Roads within the said several Distri&s out of which the same shall be levied, and shall be issued only Dy Accounts the said Collector, upon Orders from the General Meetings of the said Districts, or Committees appointed by them; and it shall not be lawful to apply any Part of the Sums raised in one Distrill towards the Reparation of Roads and Bridges in another Distrill, except in the Case herein after mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, at their first General The Trustee*,at Meeting of the respective Distri&s, on the second Tuesday of June, in this present Year one thousand seven their annual hundred and seventy-four, and at their annual Meeting, to be held thereafter on the said second Tuesday of Meeting*,&c. t® jfprtly or at any adjourned Meeting of the said respective Distri&s, shall make out an exalt and distmlt make °ut Report of the particular Roads and Bridges, and of the Services, Statute-work, and Conversion-money j^adi and thereof, and other Monies to be levied by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, out of the several Parishes Bridges"*©, within the said respective Distri&s, and of the particular Application thereof for that Year and a Copy Report'to be of the said Report, signed by the Prefes and Clerk of the said Meeting,- shall be timeously transmitted to lodged with the the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, and shall be entered in the Book to be kept by him for that Pur- Cleric of the pose, as aforesaid, and shall remain unalterable by any other or subsequent Meeting of the said respective Peace* Distri&s, but shall nevertheless be subject to the Review of the said General Meeting of the said County,

to be held in the Month of May annually, to the Effect only that they may order and direct what Roads and Bridges shall be first made, built, or repaired, within the said respective Districts.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case the rebuilding or repairing of How the any one Bridge within the said County shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, the District within Expence of »*-which the said Bridge is situated shall only be subject and liable to pay one Half of the said Sum, and the paring Bridge* other three Distri&s shall be subject and liable to pay the other Half thereof, and that in proportion to the #re to bc borut' valued Rents of the said several Districts; and the rebuilding or repairing of the said Bridge shall be done,

made, and executed^ by the Direction only of the said General Meeting of the County, and the Sum ap- Money to pointed to be applied for thar Purpose shall be issued by the said Collector of the Cess or Land Tax, upon be issued by the and by an Order in Writing of the said General Meeting, extra died by their Clerk.

Coiieflor of the Land Tax.

67

No Annoyance* to be laid on tht Roads*

No Timber or Stone* to be drawn but upon Wheel Carriage* on Pain of 10 a.

Conversion. money of Royal Borough* to be levied by the CollcAon of the Lend Tax, and paid iit to the Trustee*, after DeduAio* Of five per Cent.

sot. Scot* to be laid upon each tool. Scot* of valued Rent*

68 C. 32. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Five Justices to be a Quorum Judgment of the

[Proviso.]

Application of the Money to ariseby virtue fS this Act."

Overseert, by Warrant, may take Stone, Gravel, &c. from adjacent Ltadf, &c.

Limitation of Actioai,

[Publick Act.]

FliutliSe,

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act inflicted, or authorised to be imposed in relation to any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offence before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the same shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices of the Peace (which Warrant such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to grant for these Purposes, and also to administer Oaths gratis)^ such Sale being always made by publick Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Place as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within two Days after such Distress shall have been made; and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale (after such Penalties are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the same are deducted) shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels 3 and all Penalties and Forfeitures, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to their Collectors for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied for the Purposes of the Act within the District in which sche Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred: And in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, or common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and* satisfied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall consider himself or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, Sentence, or Judgment, of the said Trustees or Justices of Peace, with respect to any of the Matters or Things by this Act referred to their Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal for Redress to the Justices of Peace for the said County, in their then next General Quarter Sessions assembled in 0ilober9 at which five Justices shall be present and malce a Quorum, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whose Judgment therein shall be final and conclusive. Quarter Sessioni to be final,

XXVIII. Provided always, That it shall be no Objection to any Person acting as a Justice of Peace in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is thereby appointed a Trustee.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums to be raised and levied Byr

virtue of this Act shall be applied by the said Trustees, in the first place, to defray and pay the Charges of obtaining and passing this Act; and afterwards, wholly and solely to the tJfcs and Purposes before mentioned, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers, having first obtained Warrant under the Hands of two or more Justices of the Peace, shall, and they are hereby impowered to take out of any adjacent Lands (other than Gardens, Orchards, and planted Walks), any Stone, Sand* Gravel, or other Materials for making and repairing the said High Roads, not being employed in Building, doing the lead Damage possible, and making such Satisfaction to the Owner as to the same Justices shall seem reasonable.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions and Complaints for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrongs done or Injuries suffered in any Matter thereto relative* or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred* or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland\ made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, (intituled, An Act for eretting a Bank in Scotland ;) a Joint Stock, amount- ing to the Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money, was allowed to be raised by the Com- parry thereby established for carrying on and managing a publick Bank, and certain Persons, therein- mentioned, were authorised tQ appoint a Book for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock: And by the said Act it was declared, That one thousand Pounds Scots should be the lowest, and twenty thousand Pounds Scots the highest Sum, which any one Person should be allowed to subscribe; and, by the said Act it was also declared, That all and every the Persons, subscribing and paying to the said Stock as aforesaid, should be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, under which Name they should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal v and by the said Act it was directed. That within three Months after the aforesaid Subscriptions should be ended, the Persons in the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32. 69

'said Act named, or any two of them, should appoint a certain Day, and make due Intimation of the same, that such and so many of the Adventurers, and none other, as should each of them have subscribed for one thousand Pounds, or upwards, in the said Book, of the Joint Stock, might elect and

chuse, by a Majority of Votes which were to be given, one Vote for every one thousand Pound Share of the Stock, a fit Person of the Subscribers who had subscribed for himself at lead for eight thousand Pounds to be Governor of the said Bank; and another fit Person of the Subscribers, who should have subscribed for himself at least for six thousand Poupds; to be Deputy Governor of the said Bank; and also twenty-four other fit Persons, who should have subscribed, each of them for himself, at least for three thousand Pounds in the said Joint Stock, to be Directors of the said Bank; and certain other Rules and Regulations were thereby prescribed for the better managing-and ordering the Affairs of the said Bank; and, in pursuance of the aforesaid Act, the said Bank was soon after established, and has ever since continued: And whereas the said Bank has proved a national Advaintage, and it would greatly tend to the Advancement of Commerce, and be otherwise highly beneficial and expedient, rhat the Capital Stock of the said Bank should be increased, so as such new or increased Stock, together with the original Stock of the said Bank, shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of twenty-four hundred thou- land Pounds Sects Money, or two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling ;* may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within one Month after the passing of this Act, or as soon A Subscription after as maybe, the Court of ordinary Directors of the said Bank shall appoint a Book to be opened, to be °Pcnr4 {or and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or I^niiVapftiVof Joint Stock, to the Extent of twelve hundred thousand Pounds Sects, or one hundred thousand rounds f0o,ooool Strr. Sterling Money, and no more; in which Book, every Person or Persons possessed of a Share or Shares of sing'by thejie* the present Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland, shall be intitled to subscribe for as much of the fern Proprietor said new or additional Stock, as he, she, or they, shall be possessed of, of the old or original Stock, at the Time of his, her, or their fuferibing, and no more; or for a lesser Number of Shares thereof, if such Person or Persons shall so think proper.

II. And, in order that no Person or Persons possessed of Stock in the said Bank of Scotland may be Proprietor* miy

deprived of the Benefit hereby intended them/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be ^u^r,beby in the Power of every Proprietor of the present Capital Stock of the said Company, by a Writing under his, her, or their Hands, to authorise any other Person he, she, or they, shall think proper, to subscribe for him, her, or them; and the Subscription of the Person so authorised shall be equally effectual, as if the Proprietor, who gives such Authority, had subscribed with his or her own Hand.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Privilege and Preference of subscribing to the new or addi- Time limited tional Stock hereby given to the Proprietors of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank, shall be limited f01 Subscription, so six Months from the Time of opening the Subscription Book above mentioned; and after the Expi- HowShire* un-ration of the said Term, in case any Share or Shares of the said new or additional Stock shall not have subscribed for are been subscribed for the said Subscription Book shall be (hut, and a General Meeting of the Proprietors to bcdl, Pufed called, upon such Notice as a Court of ordinary Directors think fit; at which Meeting the Share or

Shades not subscribed for, shall be sold to the highest Bidder, provided such Bidder be a Proprietor of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank, or be authorffed and impowered to purchase for a Person who is a Proprietor of the said Capital Stock, by a Writing under his, her, or their Hands: And provided also.

That the Shares so purchased, when added to the Shares already held or subscribed for by the Person or Persons by whom, or for whbfe Use and Benefit the said new Shares are purchased, do not, in the Whole, exceed forty Shares, each Share being always one thousand Pounds Sects, of the said Capital Stock.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Premium or Gain be received upon or by the said Gain on $»ln t»

Sale or Sales, the same shall be applied for the Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of uiVo^thtBi k! Scotland; and that no Proprietor shall hold more than twenty Shares of the Old Stock, or more than Forty p.^ri*t(cr|an Shares of the Old and New together. Number of

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Share or Shares of the New Stock shall not be sold at the Shartwicer-said General Meeting of Proprietors, then, and in that Case, the Subscription Book shall be immediately l*ined* again opened, and it shall be in the Power of any Person, who is not already a Proprietor, to subscribe aim* to the Extent of forty Shares; but it shall only be in the Power of a Person, who is already a Proprietor, sutscriptn.rr 10 to subscribe for such a Number of Shares as, joined to those he, she, or they, already hold or (land be atain opened, bound for, do not exceed forty Shares as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor of New Stock shall receive Dividends How Pronrieton

upon the Money he, she, or they, shall have paid in upon his* her, or their Subscription, in the same ot New Stock Proportion as the Proprietors of Old Stock receive Dividends upon their Shares; that is to say, if a Pro- JhVrDivIdendi. prietor of New Stock has paid in one-tenth of his Subscription, he shall receive one-tenth of the Sum 1 1 en

which a Proprietor of the same Quantity of Old Stock receives as a Dividend, and so on.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Subscriber of New Stock shall be intitled to draw any Part No Proprietor of a Dividend, either upon his Old or New Stock, until he has paid his Proportion of any Call of Stock 2law aD^d^nd that has been ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors; and each Subscriber of New Ju hi*cliiii" Stock failing to pay his Proportion of such Call, shall be charged with the legal Interest upon it until pud in.

the same be paid, and shall have no Vote at Elections or General Meetings while the same remains unpaid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That a Certificate, under the Hand of the Accomptant of the said Court of Se®» Bank, certifying that a Call or Calls has not been paid by any of the Persons who have subscribed themselves to the said New Stock, or by any of the Persons for whom any other Person, impowered as afore- gain^p*r?oni laid, has subscribed to the said Stock, shall, when*produced with this Act to the Court of Session, be a

failing to pay in their Calls.

70 C. 32. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Qualification of Governor, &c.

Qualification of Voters.

After May 15, 1774, Six-tenth* of the additional Capital subscribed for to be paid writhia threp Year*.

Proprietor*, after the Capital is completed, may pay the Whole of their Subscription* before May 15, 1775-

Manner of chafing Governor, Dep. Governor, &c.

Howlntimitian of annual Meetings is to be given for Election of Governor, See, Proprietors may fend Lists of Persons they intend for Office*.

Persons claiming to vote at Clffttaattotalce

sufficient Warrant to the said Court for issuing Letters of Horning against such Person or Persons for the* Call or Calls unpaid by them, at the instance or Suit of the Treasurer of the said Bank. -

IX. And be it further enacted, That after the additional Capital has been completed by Subscription* or Purchases, as above directed, no Proprietor shall be elected Governor, unless he has, upon the Origi-. nal and New Stock together, paid in the Sum of sixteen thousand Pounds Scots; nor Deputy Governor* unless he has, upon the Original and New Stock together, paid in twelve thousand Pounds Scots i nor Director, unless he has upon the Original and New Stock together, paid in six thousand Pounds Scots.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said additional Capital has been completed by Subscriptions or Purchases, as above directed, no Proprietor shall be intitled to give his Vote in Election or a Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, or in any Question, in any General Meeting, who i9 not possessed of two thousand Pounds Scots of Old or New Stock, or Old and New Stock together, and who has not actually paid in the said two thousand Pounds: And that every Proprietor shall have a Vote for each two thousand Pounds which he has actually paid in: Provided always, That no Proprietor shall ever be intitled to more than twenty Votes.

XI. And it is hereby provided and declared, That Six-tenths of the additional Capital to be sub-. feribed for or purchased, in Manner above mentioned, shall be actually paid in by the Subscribers or Purchasers within the Space of three Years from and after the fifteenth Day of May> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and that by such Proportions, and at such Times, within the said three Years* as shall be ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting or Meetings of Proprietors; and that the remaining-Four-tenths shall be paid in at such Times, and by such Proportions, as shall be ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting or Meetings of Proprietors: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent a Majority of a General Meeting or Meetings of Proprietors to call for the Whole, or any Part of the additional Capital, at such Time or Times, within the said Period of three Years, from and after the said fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, as to them shall seem proper.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of every such Subscriber or Subscribers, Purchaser or Purchasers, after the said Capital has been completed, as above directed, to pay in the Whole, but not a Part of the Sum, he, she, or they, has or have subscribed or purchased, although the same shall not have been called for by a General Meeting, provided that such Payment be made by him, her, or them, between and the fifteenth Day of May, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and, upon such Payment being so made, with the legal Interest of the same, from the Day of the yearly balancing of the Bank's Books, immediately preceding the Payment^ he, she, or they, making such Payment, shall be intitled to a Share of the Profits^ accruing to the Bank, and be subject to a Share of the Loss that may arise to it, from and after the aforesaid yearly Balancing, immediately preceding such Payment, in Proportion to the Share or Shares so subscribed for and paid in by him, her, or them; and he, she, or they, shall thereupon be intitled to Votes in the Proportions before mentioned; and he shall be intitled to be elected Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director, if the Sums paid in by him be of the Extent above required to qualify him for these Offices.

XIII. And whereas the said Act of the Scotch Parliament, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, has not been sufficiently explicit in laying down a particular Mode of electing the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, to be annually chosen; and it has been the Practice for the c Proprietors to fend signed Lifts to the Directors of the Persons they intended to vote for, and for the Di- =rectors to report to a subsequent General Meeting the Persons chosen by the Majority: And whereas,

instead of chusing twenty-four Directors, in Terms of the aforesaid Act, it has been the Practice, in consequence of a Resolution of a General Meeting of the Proprietors, held on the twelfth Day of Yhw*,.

one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, to chuse twelve ordinary Directors, and twelve extraordinary Directors, which last only jrive their Assistance on certain Occasions/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Time to come, a General Meeting of the Proprietors shall be held annually, on the last Tuesday of March, for the Purpose of chusing a Governor, Deputy Governor, twelve; ordinary, and twelve extraordinary Directors; and that every Proprietor, present at that General Meeting, shall give in to the Governor, or Deputy Governor, or such of the Directors for the preceding Year as are then present, a List, containing the Names of the Persons for whom he or she means to vote into these respective Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That regular Intimation shall be made in the Newspapers, called The Edinburgh Evening Courant% and Caledonian Mercury, of the Day upon which the Annual General Meeting for the Election of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, is to be held, at least thirty Days before such annual General Meeting.

XV. And, in order that those Proprietors who cannot attend personally may not be deprived of the Right to vote in such Election/ be it also hereby further enacted, That all such Proprietors shall be allowed to fend Lists of the Persons whom they mean to vote into the said respective Offices, which Lift, if holograph, of the Proprietor or Proprietors by whom they are sent, or signed by such Proprietor or Proprietors before two or more credible Witnesses, and addressed to the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the Bank of Scotland, shall be equally effectual as if the Signers of them were personally present: And the Lifts being so given in, the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of the preceding Year, or such of them as are present, shall immediately proceed to investigate the Lifts in Presence of the Meeting; and shall report, to that Meeting, the Names of the Persons who appear to be elected, by the Majority of Votes, into the said respective Offices of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, ordinary and extraordinary.

XVI. Provided always, That every Person claiming a Right to vote in such Election, or to vote in any General Meeting of the said Bank, shall be obliged to, and do take the following Oath; videlicet,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 33, 34. 71

I A.B. do swear (or being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm), That the the following

X Shares of the Capital Stock of the Body Pol itick; called The Governor and Company Ootiu

of the Bank of Scotland, now standing in my Name, belong to me, in my own Right, and not in Trull

for any Person or Persons whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath shall and may be administered by the Governor, or Deputy Governor, for the preceding Year, or (in the Abfance of the said Governor, and Deputy Governor,) by any one of the Directors chen present; and that no Person refusing to take such Oath shall be capable to vote at such General Meetings of the said Company-: And provided always, That all and every the Proprietors, who cannot Proprietor*, attend the General Meeting (or the Election of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and shall, who on that Account, fend Signed Lifts, in Manner above allowed, shall make Oath before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Chief Magistrate of any City or Borough within Great Britain or Ireland, where such Person resides for the Time, That the Shares of the Capital Stock of the Body Politick, called The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, standing then in his Name, doth belong to him in his own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons whatsoever; which Affidavit, signed by such Person, and certified under the Hand of the Justice of Peace or Chief Magistrate before whom it is made, shall be cransmitted to the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of the said Bank, along with his or her signed Lift.

XVII. And it is hereby provided and declared, That the said Act of the Scots Parliament, in the Year The A 6k in # one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, shall remain in full Force as to every Particular, excepting in .,695»

16 far as the same is altered by this Act, and shall operate with regard to the New Stock, in the lame i" ^orc^except Manner it does upon the Old Stock. toed by this AcU

[Publick Act.]

XVIII. And, lastly, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadows, dinted common Pastures, and other common and waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln y and for draining; and improving Part of the said Parish.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the Fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and' seventy-four; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas.

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for granting, continuing, and better ftcamkltv feciirine the Duties payable ad valorem upon unrated East India Goods, and for ascertaining the

Values thereof according to which such Duties shall be paid, the Importer or Importers thereof are to 9 give Security, by Bond, for Payment of the said Duties, according to the real Values of the said Goods, to be ascertained according to the respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made (except- Coffee), as soon as the said Goods shall be fold; and also for Exposing the said Goods to Sale openly and fairly by Way of Auction, or by Inch of Candle, within the City of London, within the Ti.meof three

Years after the Importation thereof: And whereas the Quantity of Singlo and Bohea Teas imported*

by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and which remained in 9 their Warehouses unfold on the fifth y of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, is greater than can be expected to be sold by the said Company, within the Term of three Years so li- mited for that Purpose, to be computed from the respective Times of the Importation of such Teas,

and it is necessary that some further Time should be granted to the said Company to put their said Teas up to Sale:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for The East India such of the said Singlo Teas as are at present imported, and which remained unfold on the fifth Day of Company may April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said United Company may at any Time within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Importation thereof, and for such of the said Bohea o^Handon0 HTeas as are at present imported, and which remained unfold on the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand April 5,1774* seven hundred and seventy-four, the said United Company may, at any Time within the Space of four Yearsj to be computed from the Importation thereof, expose such respective Teas to Sale; and, after stich Sale or Sales, there shall be allowed the like Discounts on Payments of the respective Duties ori such Teas, as if the same had been exposed to Sale within the Term of three Years before mentioned,* or any other Time heretofore limited by Law; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary, notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the said respective Times Duilngthe of five Years and four Years, to be computed as aforesaid, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Timr« of fit* the said Teas as shall be exoorted from this Kingdom as Merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British ^i Colonies or Plantations in America, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the (We Drawbacks Drawkukilr>

72 C. 35. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Ireland and America.

The United Company to keep the Marker (applied in Great Brtiin with Tea; or l he Treasury ntav order other Person* to im* f itt xhe fame.

FreamHe.

or Allowances, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would have been intitled to, in case such Teas bad been exported within the said Term of three Years; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said United Company of Merchants of England* trading to the East Indies, shall, at any Time, neglect to keep the Market supplied with a sufficiem Quantity of Tea at reasonable Prices to answer the Consumption thereof in Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any two or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to grant Licences to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to import into Great Britain, from any Parts of Europcy in such and the like Manner, and subject to such Duties, and under such Restrictions and Limitations, and upon such Notices, and with such Licences, as are, by any Act or Acts now in Force, prescribed and directed with respect to Tea to be imported from any Parts of Europe by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies \ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound certain Debts due to his Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop \ and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom.

WHEREAS it appears by the general Certificate of his Majesty's Imprefts, that Charles Mason Esquire, late Treasurer of the Transport Service, on the Foot of his final Account of that Service to the nineteenth of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eight, was indebted to the Crown the Sum of three thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds, twelve Shillings and Three-pence: And whereas

by a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, made and pronounced on or about the ninth Day of Decent-

her^ in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun- died and thirteen, in a Cause between Sir Bybye Lake Baronet, Son, Heir, and Executor, of Thomas Lake Esquire, then deceased. Plaintiff, and Charles Mason Esquire, Thomas Paine, Joseph Newell, and George Newell, Defendants; and also in a cross Cause between the said Charles Mason Plaintiff, and Sir B\bye Lake Baronet, Thomas Paine, Joseph Neivcll, George Newell, Charles Turner, Sherrardy

the then Attorney General of the said Queen, William Poultney, and Arthur Lakey Defendants 5 after dating therein (amongst other Things) certain Mortgages and Securities, whereby all the Estates of the said Charles Mason were conveyed and made over to the said Thomas Lakey and others, his Trustees for securing unto the said Thomas Lake several large Sums of Money therein mentioned, and then due to the said Sir Bybye Lake, as his Executor; and also dating that the said Joseph and George Newell, being indebted to her said Majesty, an Extent issued out of the Court of Exchequer against them, and that, by an Inquisition taken thereon, the said Charles Mason was found to be indebted to the said Joseph and George Newell in the Sums of three thousand five hundred Pounds, and four thousand Pounds, being so much Money paid and expended by them for the Use of the said Charles Mafony and those Debts were seized into her said Majesty's Hands; it was, amongst other Things, ordered and decreed, That Matter Brown- ing^ one of the Matters of the said Court of Chancery, should take an Account of what was due to the said Sir Bybye Lake for principal Money and Interest on the several Mortgages and Sums of Money therein mentioned, and what upon such Account should be found due, together with the Costs of the said Suits, from the Time of the said Hearing of the said causes, was to be satisfied by a Sale of a competent Part of the said Charles Mason s Estates in the said Counties of Montgomery or Salop j but in case such Sale could not be had within a Year* the said Sir Bybye Lake was to be at Liberty to apply to the Court touching the Foreclosure prayed by his Bill; and it was further ordered, that the said Matter should take an Account of all Dealings and Transactions between the said Mason and the Defendants the Newells, and what, upon such Account, should appear to be due to the said *Mason, including what he should pay on the said Mortgages to the said Lake, the said Mason was to come in as a Creditor with the rest of the Creditors of the said Newells; but if, upon the said Account, the said Alafon should appear to be indebted to the said Newells, then what he the said Alafon should be so found indebted should be raised, after Satisfaction of the Monies due to the said Lake, by a Sale of a further Part of the said Manors and Estates in the said Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and the Money, when raised, was to be paid towards Satisfaction of the Debt due from the said Newells to the Crown: And whereas the Right Honourable Henry Arthur, late Earl of Powis, deceased, Father of the present Earl, not long before his Decease, presented a Memorial to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury,

thereby dating, amongst other Things, That he had then lately purchased great Part of the said mortgaged Premises; but though the same, by reason of the great Amount of the said prior Incumbrances, would not be sufficient to answer any Part of the said Debt to the Crown, yet so long as the said Debt continued a Charge on the said Estates, it would be such an Objection to the Title as would prevent the Memorialist from settling or making Sale of any Part thereof, and therefore the said Memorialist prayed to be permitted to compound the said Claim of the Crown: And whereas the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury referred the said Memorial to the Solicitor of the Treasury to consider the same, and to report to their Lordships a State of the Case, with his Opinion thereon; and Thomas Nuthall Esquire,

the Solicitor of the Treasury, by his Report, bearing Date the twenty-fourth Day of November, in the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 35. 73

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy two, certified, amongst other Things, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, That, by the Matter's Report in the aforesaid* Cause, dated the twenty- sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, it appeared there was then due to Bybye Lake Esquire, the legal Representative of the said Sir Bybye Lake Baronet, on his said Mortgages on the said Mason's Estate in Montgomery and Shropshire, for Principal, Interest* and Costs, thirty-eight thousand four hundred and twenty-one Pounds two Shillings and Four-pence; and which, by the said Report was appointed to be paid to the said Bybye Lake on the fourth Day of July then next ensuing, and which it was represenied to the said Solicitor had not been paid; and the said Solicitor further certified to the said-Lords Commissioners, That it also appeared, by an Account of the Receiver of the said mortgaged Premises passed in the Court of Chancery for one Year, ending at Lady-Jay one thousand seven hundred and sixty^eight, that the yearly Value of the said mortgaged Premises in Montgomery and Shropshire is only one thousand one hundred and four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Ten-pence; he therefore submitted to the said Lords Commissioners Confutation, that, under the Circumstances of the Case, and particularly in regard to the said mortgaged Premises, if fold, would not fell for nearly the Sum reported due to the said By bye Lake on the twenty-sixth Day o fjune% one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the Claim the Crown has thereon, under the said Decree in one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, could never be satisfied; and therefore the said Solicitor was of Opinion, that if their Lordships should think fit, they might properly consent to the said Estates being discharged from the Debt due to the Crown;

but as it appeared, from the Decree and Proceedings in the said Cause in Chancery, that the Solicitor

of the Taxes had had the sole Management of the Crown's Interest in this Matter, he submitted it to their Lordships, whether it would not be proper to direct the Matter to be laid before the Solicitor of the Tax Office, who, from the Papers in his Custody, could exaflly ascertain what the Crown Debt really amounted to, and who would be better able to advise their Lordships whether any, and what, Compo- fition ought to be paid: And whereas the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury referred the said Report of the said Solicitor of the Treasury to Henry Wilmot Esquire, the Solicitor of the Tax Office, who, by his Report, dated the second Day of July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fcvemy-three, did certify to the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury (amongst other Things), That it appeared to him, by the Books at the Tax Office, that so long ago as the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, or one thousand seven hundred and eight, George Dixon9 the then Receiver/or the County of Somerset, failed, indebted to her late Majesty Queen Anne in the Sum of twenty-two thousand four hundred and twenty-two Pounds and six Shillings, which, by the said Books,

appeared to be still due; and that the before-mentioned Newells were the Securities for the said Dixon;

and it also appeared to him, by the Answer of the Attorney General, as stated in the before-mentioned Decree of one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, that an Extent ittued against the said Netvellsy and upon an Inquifuion taken thereon upon the thirteenth Day of December, in the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne9 Charles Mason was found to be indebted to the said Newells in the several Sums of three thousand five hundred Pounds, and four thousand Pounds, being so much paid by them for the 1 Use of the said Mafony which Debts were seized into her Majesty's Hands; and the said Solicitor of the Taxes did further certify to their Lordships, That the Fads stated in rhe'Report of the said Solicitor of the Treasury, with regard to the Debt due to the aforesaid Matter Lake therein mentioned, and with!

regard to the annual Value of the said mortgaged Premises, are truly stated; wherefore the said Solicitor of the Taxes was of Opinion, That the Interest of the Mortgage to the said Matter Lake (whose Debt was prior to that of the Crown}, greatly exceeded the whole Income of the mortgaged Estate, and, of consequence, that the said Matter Lake's Debt did annually increase; and that he was also of Opinion,

4 That the Debt due to the said Matter Lake much exceeded the intrinsick Value of the mortgaged Estate;

and the said Solicitor of the Taxes did further inform their said Lordships, That Lord Clivey having, for a small Sum of Money, obtained a Conveyance of the Equity of Redemption of the said mortgaged Premises from the Heir at Law of the said Charles Mafony redeemed Lord CatherloMgh, the Assignee of the said Matter Lake the Mortgagee, afterwards sold to, or exchanged with the Petitioner, the Earl of Powis, the said mortgaged Premises, or some considerable Part thereof; but that, as the Conveyance obtained by the said Lord Clive from the Heir, at Law of Mafony could not bar the Crown, therefore it was of Consequence to the Petitioner the Earl of Poivis and to Lord Clive (if any Part of the raort- gaged Estate remained in him), to get rid of the Debt due to the Crown, to establish their respective Titles to the said mortgaged Premises; and that, upon the Whole, as the Debt due to the said Master Lake appeared to him greatly to exceed the real Value of the said mortgaged Estate, and as that Debt would always be prior to that of the Crown, and might be set up by the Earl of Poivis and Lord Clive against the Crown Debt; and as the Rents of the said Estate would not nearly pay the Interest of that Debt, which consequently would annually increase; and as it would not, in the said Solicitor's 4 Opinion, be at all advisable for the Crown to redeem the said Mortgage; he thought it might be pro- per for their Lordships to permit the Petitioner, the said Earl of Powis, to apply to Parliament, to en-

able their Lordships to compound the Debt due to the Crown, and after such Aii should be obtained,

their Lordships might compound the said Debt at such Sum of Money, as, under all the Circumstances of the Case, their Lordships should think reasonable; but he was of Opinion their Lordships could not,

compound the same without the Aid of Parliament: And whereas the said Henry Arthur^ Earl of Powis,

4 is dead, leaving the Right Honourable George Edward Henry Arthur, now Earl of Powis% his only Son and Heir, who is an Infant, and the Right Honourable Barbara Countess Dowager of Powis, the Mother, and one of the Guardians, appointed by the Will of the said Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, of the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, the Infant, hath, since the Decease of the said late Earl*

her Husband, applied to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Behalf of her said Son, ti compound the said Debt to the Crown,v affecting the said Estates late of the said Charles Mason, which

74 C. 36. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

'the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury are willing (as it is reasonable) so to do, if enabled thereunto by an Act of Parliament:' Wherefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject, the said Barbara Countess Dowager of Powis, for and in Behalf of the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, her said Infant Son, doth most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Lord High Trea* fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer furcrm»y com- Qf his Majesty's Exchequer now being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for E.^of Powi* Time being, or any three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his &*. fora Debt Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, and he rifed they is and are hereby authorised and impowered to due by Charles make an Agreement, and compound with the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, his Guardian Mafonto the or Guardians, Heirs or Assigns, for the Payment of such Sum of Money, by him the said George Edward Crown. Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, his Guardian or Guardians, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

in lieu and full Satisfaction of the Debt, Sum or Sums of Money herein-before mentioned to be due from the said Charles Mason, deceased, to the Crown, as Treasurer of the Transport Service, as aforesaid, and from the said Charles Mafony to her said late Majesty Queen Anne> or from the said Charles Mason to the said Joseph and George Newells, Debtor to the said Queen* as aforesaid 5 and, by the aforesaid Decree of the ninth Day of December, in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, directed to be raised and paid, and which is now due and owing to his Majesty; and also of all Sum and Sums of Money now due, or hereafter to grow or become due, to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for or on Account, or by Reason or Meins, of the said Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, as to them the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer* as aforesaid, shall seem meet and reasonable, and by his or their Warrant or Warrants to direct the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, his Guardian or Guardians, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so agreed for and compounded as aforesaid, and, upon such Payment, entirely to acquit, exonerate, and discharge the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of the said Charles Mason, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, or either of them, of and from all Claims and Demands for and on account of the said Debts lo due to the Crown, or to his Majesty, as aforesaid.

After Payment

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after Payment of Money so shall be made into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be

impounded for, agreccj for and compounded as aforesaid, the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Pcnvtsy his Heirs, tec, released of Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, and all and every the Manors, Mefltiages, Farms, charletMafon't Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which were the Estates of the aforesaid Charles Mason, Debt* to the deceased, in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery, and comprised in the said Mortgage, as aforesaid, Crown. shall he freed, acquitted, released, exempted, exonerated, and aifeharged of, from, and against, the Payment of the said Debts herein-before mentioned to be due from the said Charles Mason to the Crown, and from the said Charles Mason to her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or from the said Charles Mason to the said Joseph and George Newells, Debtors to the said Queen, as aforesaid; and which, by the aforesaid Decree of the ninth Day of December, in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne9 was directed to be raised and paid, as aforesaid; and also of, from, and against, all Sum and Sums of

Money now due, and hereafter to grow or become due, to the Crown, or to his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, for, or on account, or by occasion or means, of the said Debts, in any Manner howsoever $ and also of, from, and against, all Inquisitions, Extents, Executions, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for, on account, or ih respect of, the same Debts, or any Part thereof, in anywise howsoever.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amrtdy and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in bting for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part, of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes\ so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an: additional Term of five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign Of his Majesty King Act 18 Geo. s. W George the Second (intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto), it was, amongst other Things, enacted, for the Encouragement of Broad Wheels, that act. 4 Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches should pass through all Turnpike-gates without paying any TolJ, for three Years: And whereas, in order to make Recompence

4 to the Creditors upon the Tolls of such Gates, for any Diminution of Toll that might arise by such Exemption, it was further enacted, That every Act of Parliament, made in that Session, or thereto fore, for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, should be continued for five Years, to be computed from the Expiration of every such Act, subject to the Tolls, Duties, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37, 38, 39. 75

'Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Rules, Directions, Payments, and Provisions, by such Acts respectively made and enacted: And whereas by one other Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laius now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom and for other Purposes therein mentioned),

the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, except so much thereof as continue 'he 4 Acts then made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, subject to the Tolls and Duties by such Acts respectively granted, was repealed: And whereas by one other Act, made in the thirteenth V ear of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliaments the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposesj, the said Act of the Seventh Year of his present Majesty,

except so much thereof as repealed the several Acts therein mentioned, was also repealed: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the said last mentioned Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, by repealing the said A d of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in the Manner afore- Aid, hath not virtually repealed that Part of the Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty,

*which continued the said Turnpike Acts for five Years; in order therefore to obviate all such Doubts,

and to enforce the said Provision for continuing the said Turnpike Acts, as contained in the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provision made by the Proton* of said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the several Acts, *8 Geo. a* made for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads for five Years, shall be and continue in full Force, XurnSw Roads and be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same could, might, or ought to have been, if the for five Year*, said Acts of the seventh and thirteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, had not continued, been made; any Thing in those Acts, or in either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who hath or have received, or Person who shall hereafter receive, any Tolls, or other Duties, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate; or who hath acted, ha7e or shall hereafter ad, in any other respect under the Authority of, and in Execution of any of the " Vju.nPike Powers of any Act or Acts of Parliament so continued, or intended to be continued, by the said recited b? the aforesaid Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for what Aa indcmni-he, she, or they have so received or done, or for what he or they shall receive, or do by virtue thereof. fied»

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers. further Time given till January 1, 1775.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for paving, repairing, deanfing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford,

and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City, and for the better Application of Charity-money for setting the poor People of the said City to Work, and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice in the Cases of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the SupprefGon of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in his Majesty's Province of Massachuset's Bay, in New England, an Attempt hath lately been made to throw off the Authority of the Parliament of Great Britain over the said Province, and an actual and avowed Resistance, by open Force, to the Execution of certain Acts of Parliament, hath been suffered to take place, uncontrouled and unpunished, in Defiance of his Majesty's Authority, and to the utter Subversion of all lawful Government: And whereas, in the present disordered State of the said Province, it is of the utmost Importance to the general Welfare thereof,

and to the Re-establishment of lawful Authority throughout the same, that neither the Magistrates acting in Support of the Laws, nor any of his Majesty's Subjects aiding and assisting them therein, or in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, raised in Opposition to the Execution of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, should be discouraged from the proper Discharge of their Duty, by an Apprehension, that in case of their being questioned for any Acts done therein, they may be liable to be brought to Trial for the same before Persons who do not acknowledge the Validity of the Laws, in the Execution whereof, or the Authority of the Magistrate in the Support of whom, such Acts had been done: In order therefore to remove every such Discouragement from the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and to induce them, upon all proper Occasions, to exert themselves in Support of the publick Peace of the Province, and of the Authority of the King and Parliament of Great Britain over the same be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Inquifirion or Indictment shall be found, or if any Appeal shall be sued or How India-preferred against any Person for Murther, or other capital Offence, in the Province of the Massachuset's vent* again*

[How Indictments against Magistrates, and]

76 C. 39. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

others, for capital Offences, in the Execution of their Duty, may be tried.

Governor to bind in Recognizances to his Majesty all Witnesses the Prosecutor shall desire to attend the Trial, &c.

And shall appoint a reasonable Sum for the Expenres of every Witness, which the Collectors of the Customs are to P*f-

Witnesses to be free from all Arrests during their Journey to any Colony, &c.

Persons brought before Justices, &c. accused of any oanital Crime in the Execution of their Duty, to be admitted to Bail.

'Where Persons are found to have committed Crimes, andde-fireto be tried in another Colony, Justices to pod pone their Trial, &c.

If the Governor

/iretts the Trial Co be in any other Colony, be it towanWt lho

Bay, and it shall appear, by Information given upon Oath to the Governor, or, in his Absence, to the Lieutenant-governor of the said Province, that the Fad was committed by the Person against whom such Inquif&tion or Indictment shall be found, or against whom such Appeal shall be sued or preferred, as aforesaid, either in the Execution of his Duty as a Magistrate, for the Suppression of Riots, or in the Support of the Laws of Revenue, or in acting in his Duty as an Officer of Revenue, or in acting under the Direction and Order of any Magistrate, for the Suppression of Riots, or for the carrying into Effect the Laws of Revenue, or in aiding and assisting in any of the Cases aforesaid j and if it shall also appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Governor, or Lieutenant-governor respectively, that an indifferent Trial cannot be had within the said Province, in that Case it shall and may be lawful for the Govern nor, or Lieutenant-governor, to direct, with the Advice and Consent of the Council, that the Inqtsi* fition, Indictment, or Appeal, shall be tried in feme other of his Majesty's Colonies, or in Great Britain \ and for that Purpose, to order the Person against whom such Inquisition or Indictment shall be found, or against whom such Appeal shall be sued or preferred, as aforesaid, to be sent, under sufficient Custody, to the Place appointed for his Trial, or to admit such Person to Bail, taking a Recognizance (which the said Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant-governor, is hereby authorised to take), from such Person, with sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant-governor, in such Sums of Money, as the said Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant-governor, shall deem reasonable, for the personal Appearance of such Person, if the Trial shall be appointed to be had in any other Colony* before the Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief of such Colony 5 and if the Trial shall be appointed to be had in Great Britain, then before his Majesty's Court of King's Bench* at a Time to be mentioned in such Recognizances; and the Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief of the Colony where such Trial shall be appointed to be had, or Court of King's Bench, where the Trial is appointed to be had in Great Britain, upon the Appearance of such Person, according to such Recognizance, or in Custody, shall either commit such Person, or admit him to Bail, until such Trial; and which the said Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief, and Court of King's Bench, are hereby authorised and impowered to do.

II. And, to prevent a Failure of Justice, from the Want of Evidence on the Trial of any such Irw quisition, Indictment, or Appeal,' be it further enacted, That the Governor, or, in his^ Absence, the Lieutenant-governor, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, to bind in Recognizances to his Majesty all such Witnesses as the Prosecutor or Person against whom such Inquisition pr Indictment shall be found, or Appeal sued or preferred, shall desire to attend the Trial of the said Inquisition, Indictment, or Appeal, for their personal Appearance, at the Time and Place of such Trial, to give Evidence: And the said Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant-governor, shall thereupon appoint a reasonable Sum to be allowed for the Expences of every such Witness, and shall thereupon give to each Witncf9 a Certificate, in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, that such Witness has entered into a Recognizance to give Evidence, and specifying the Sum allowed for his Expences; and the Collector and Collectors of the Customs, or one of them, within the said Province, upon the Delivery of such Certificate, are and is hereby authorised and required, forthwith to pay to such Witness the Sum specified therein for his Expellees*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prosecutors and Witnesses, who shall be under Recognizances to appear in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, or in Great Britain* in pursuance of this Act, shall be free from all Arrests and Restrainrs, in any Action or Suit to be commenced against them during their going to such Colony, or coming to Great Britain, and their necessary Stay and Abiding there, on occasion of such Prosecution, and returning again to the said Province of the Massachuset's Bay.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and other Justices and Coroners, before whom any Person shall be brought, charged with Murther, or other capital Crime, where it shall appear by Proof, on Oath, to such Justices or Coroners, that the Fad was committed by such Person, either in the Execution of his Duty as a Magistrate, for the Suppression of Riots, or in the Support of the Laws of Revenue, or in acting in his Duty as an Officer of Revenue, or in acting under the Direction and Order of any Magistrate, for the Suppression of Riots, or for the carrying into Effect the Laws of Revenue, or in aiding and assisting in any of the Cases aforesaid, are hereby authorised and required to admit every such Person so brought before him or them, as aforesaid, to Bail; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall be made appear to the Judges or Justices of any Court, within the said Province of Massachuset's Bay, determined by any Person, against whom any Inquisition or Indictment shall be found, or Appeal sued or preferred for Murther, or other capital Crime, that the Fad was committed by such Person, either in the Execution of his Duty as a Magistrate, for the Suppression of Riots, or in the Support of the Laws of Revenue, or in acting in his Duty as an Officer of Revenue, or in acting under the Direction and Order of any Magistrate, for the Suppression of Riots, or for the carrying into Effect the Laws of Revenue, or in aiding and assisting in any of the Cases aforesaid, and that tie intends to make Application to the Governor, or Lieutenant-governor of the said Province, that such Inquisition, Indictment, or Appeal, may be tried in some other of his Majesty's Colonies, or in Great Britain, the said Judges or Justices are hereby authorised and required to adjourn or postpone the Trial of such Inquisition, Indictment, or Appeal, for a reasonable Time* and admit the Person to Bail, in order that he may make Application to the Governor, or Lieutenant-governor. for the Purpose aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant-governor, if he shall direct the Trial to be had in any other of his Majesty's Colonies, shall transmit the Inquisition* Indictment, or Appeal, together with the Recognizances of the Witnesses, and other Recognizances* under the Seal of the Province, to the Governor* or Lieutenant-governor or Commander in Chief of

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 77

such other Colony, who shall immediately issue a Commission of Oyer and Terminer, and deliver, or cause Inquisition, &c. to be delivered, the said Inquisition, Indictment, or Appeal, with the said Recognizances, to the Chief Justice, and such other Persons as have usually been Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of who*!* immedl-Assize, or General Gaol Delivery there; who shall have Power to proceed upon the said Inquisition, In- teJy to deliver distment, or Appeal* as if the same had been returned, found, or preferred before them; and the Trial such inquisition, shall thereupon proceed in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Offence had been committed *c-to the Ch,cf in such Place: And in case the Governor, or, in his Absence, the Lieutenant-governor, shall direct the Trial to be had in Great Britain, he shall then transmit the Inquisition, Indictment, or Appeal, together ^w0errJ to proI with the Recognizances of the Witnesses, and other Rec gnizances, under the Seal of the Province, to c-ed upon such one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, who shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same, t6 inquisition, &c. the Matter of the Crown Office, to be filed of Record in the Court of King's Bench, and the Inquisition^ Jf CoT"n.°* Indictment, or Appeal, shall be tried and proceeded upon, in the next Term, or at such other Time as to be*in Great the Court shall appoint, at the Bar of the Court of Kings Bench, in like Manner, to all Intents and Pur- Britain, be i» to poles, as if the Offence had been committed in the County of Middlesex, or in any other County of that transmit the in-Part of Great Britain called England where the Court of King's Bench shall fit, or else before such Commis- <H&«r«nt, &c. to boners, and in such County, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as shall be assigned by the King's on<; °.f lh* Se~ Majesty's Commission, in like Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Offence had been sutL acc? committed in the same County where such Inquisition, Indictment, or Appeal, shall be so tried.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, on account of any Error or Defect in If any indilt-any Indictment, which, in virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall be transmitted to any other ment tr.nsmit-Colony, or to Great Britain, the same shall be quashed, or Judgment thereon arrested, or such Indictment *>« aewantea adjudged bad upon Demurrer, it shall and may be lawful to prefer a new Indictment or Indictments against diamVnTmay the Person or Persons accused in the said Colony, to which such Indictment, so quashed or adjudged bad, be preferred*7 shall have been transmitted, or before the Grand Jury of any County in Great Britain, in case such former Indictment shall have been transmitted to Great Britain, in the same Manner as could be done in case the

Party accused should return to the Place where the Offence was committed; and the Grand Jury and Petty Grand jury im» Tury of such other Colony or County in Great Britain shall have Power to find and proceed upon such powered to pro* Indictment or Indiftmeifts, in the same Manner as if the Offence, by such Indictment or Indictments on rucLln* charged, had been committed within the Limits of the Colony or County for which such Juries shall respect* ia,l>cnt» * ively be impanelled to serve.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Provision, Commencement Regulation, Matter, and Thing, herein contained, shall commence and take Effect upon the first Day of and Continuant*

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and be, and continue in Force, for and during the of thrAa* Term of three Years.

CAP. XL.

An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice Esquire, deceased, and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS Ulysses Fitzmaurice Esquire, late Lieutenant-governor of the Island of Saint Vincent, deceased, was, in his Lifetime, and at the Time of his Decease, which happened in the Island of Grenada^ on or about the twenty-first Day of August, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, seised, to him and his Heirs, of a Coffee Plantation, and Estate called Bowoodi

fituace in the Parish of Saint Andrew, in the Island of Dominica, containing four hundred Acres, or there

about:., partly Wood Land, and partly planted with Coffee, and of divers Negroes and other Slaves, and a small Leasehold Estate in the County of Kerry, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and was also possessed of and intitled to, a personal Estate, which (including the Value of the said Slaves) hath been estimated at the Sum of three thousand four hundred and fifty-six Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny Sterling, or thereabouts, but will not, as it is apprehended, produce near that Sum: And whereas the said Ulysses Fitzn.aurice was the natural or reputed Son of the late Right Honourable William Fitzmaurice Earl oxKerry, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and left several poor Relations on his Mother's Side, and a Brother of the Half-blood, the natural or reputed Son also of the said Earl of Kerry, videlicet, Aboan Fitxn.aurice of Plumtree Jireet, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex,

Gentleman, for all or several of whom he intended to have made some Provision, particularly for the said Ahsan Fitzmaurice, and also for James, Robert, and John Fitzmaurice, having given Instructions for a Will, whereby Legacies were intended them of five hundred Pounds Sterling each, but died before the same was proceeded in, so far as to give Effect to his said Intention: And whereas the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice dying a Bachelor, and without Heirs, the said Coffee Plantation, and all other the real Eft.tes of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, upon his Death escheated, and his personal Estate devolved or came to his Majesty, in Right of his Royal Prerogative: And whereas Letters of Administration of ail and singular

the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits, of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, at the Time of his Death,

have lately been granted, by the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, unto the Right Honourable Ifuac Karri, one of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, the Honourable Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts Esquire, a Creditor of the said Deceased, for the Use and Benefit of his Majesty; and the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts* have given Security for duly administering the Estate and Effects of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, and foe paying unto the Procurator General of his Majesty, for his Majesty's Use, the Sum of ten Pounds of every hundred Pounds Value of

---

78 C. 40. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III., A.D. 1774.

'the clear Produce and Surplus of the said Estate and Effects (after Payment of the several Debts affecting such personal Estate, and the Expences attending the Administration), as usual in the like cases: And Whereas the Whole of the personal Estate and Effects of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice will be exhausted in Payment of his just Debts and Funeral Expences, and the same will not be near sufficient for that Purpose, whereby the Creditors Of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice may be prevented from receiving their full Debts, and the poor Relations of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice on his Mother's Side, and also the said Aboan, James, Robert, and John Fitzmaurice, will not receive any Benefit from his Estate and Effects, as was the Intention of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, in case he had lived to have carried the same into Execution, unless the said Plantation and Estate were to be sold, and the Money arising by Sale thereof applied for those respective Purposes, which cannot well be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament;' may it therefore please your Majesty (at the humble Petition of the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, and which said David Roberts is a Creditor of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Estates vested in Trustees;]

---

That all the said Coffee Plantation and Estate called Bowood, late of him the

said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, situate, lying, and being in the said Parish of Saint Andrew, in the said Island of

Dominica, containing by Estimation four hundred Acres, or thereabouts, (be the same more or less), with all and singular the Messuages or Tenements, Erections and Buildings thereon; and all Woods, Underwoods, and Trees whatsoever growing, (landing, or being in or upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof, and also all the Ground and Soil of the same Woods and Underwoods; and all Waters, Fi&ings, Fishing«places, Ways, void Grounds, Rights, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Advantages, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances, of what Nature, Kind, Condition, or Property soever, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same, or any of them, are, is, shall, or may be called or known, to the said Plantation, Lot, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises belonging, orinany-

wife appertaining, or to or with the same, or any Part or Parcel thereof, now, or at any Time heretofore

granted, demised, let, set, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, taken, deemed, or known, as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof (other than and except the Quit and other Rents and Royalties fe-served and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and by the Grant or Grants of the said Plantation, Lot, Parcel of Ground, and Premises), and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, Issues, Profits, and Produce, of all and singular the said Premises, and also all and every the Negro and other Staves of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, and the said Lease-hold Estate in the County of Kerry, shall, from and after the said twenty-first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, be settled upon, and vested in, and the same are Hereby, from thenceforth? settled upon, and vested in, the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Nature of such Estates and Premises, freed, and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of, from, and against all Estate, Right, Title, Interest, but nevertheless or Claim, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (except as before excepted); but nevertheless upon upon Trua; the Trufb, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and subject trf the Provides and Declarations herein after mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same; (that is to say) Upon Trust, that they the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, or the Survivors or survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, of such Survivor, shall and do, with all conve-with Power to nient Speed, either by public Auction or private ContraS, absolutely fell, convey, and dispose of, all and ftii the said singular the said Plantation, Estate, and Premises, hereby vested in them, or any Part or Parts thereof^ Ite,# either together or in Parcels, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or of any Part thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or to such other Person or Persons, and for such Uses, as any such Purchaser or Purchasers shall dtreft, for the most Money, and best Price or Prices, that, at the Time of such Sale or Sales, ean be reasonably had Application of or gotten for the same; and do and shall pay, apply, and dispose of, the Money arising and to be produced Monies. -by gaje or Sales, as aforesaid, and the Rents, Issues, Profits, and Produce, of the said Estates and Premises, in the mean time, from the Decease of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, and until such Sale or Sales tcan be had, and also the Surplus (if any) of the personal Estate and Effects of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, which shall come to the Hands of the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, by virtue of the Letters of Administration herein-before mentioned, and which shall remain after Payment of all the just Debts and Funeral Expences of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, and the Charges incident to and attending the said Administration, and of the said Sum of ten Pounds of every hundred Pounds Value of the cle^r Produce and Surplus of the said Estate and Effects for the Use of his Majesty, as aforesaid, in Manner following; (that is to say) In the first place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this present Act, and completing such Sales and Conveyances as aforesaid, and also the Charges and Expences of getting in, felling, ordering, and managing, of the said Estates, and the Rents, Issues, Profits, and Produce thereof; and after Payment of the same, and subject thereto, then upon Trust, that they the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, of such Survivor, shall and do pay, satisfy, and discharge, all and every the Debts of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice which were owing by him at the Time of his Death (and which his personal Estate shall not prove sufficient to pay and satisfy), rateably and proportionably alike, as far as the said Monies will extend to pay; and shall and do, in the next place, pay to the said Aboan Fitzmaurice, James Fitzmaurice, Robert Fitzmaurice, and John Fitzmaurice, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, the Sum of five hundred Pounds each of lawful Money of Great Britain, in case there shall be a Surplus to that Amount, or a rateable Proportion of the same; and, after Payment thereof, in case a further Surplus shall still remain, then shall and do pay, distribute, and divide the same, unto and among all and every such other of the poor Relations, or next of

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 79

Kin, of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, on his Mother's Side, in equal Degree, who shall, within twelve Calendar Months next after Notice shall be given for that Purpose in the London Gazette, and one or more of the publick Newspapers printed and circulating in Ireland, appear and make out their said Kindred to the said ulyjjes Fitzmaurice, in the same Shares, Proportions, Manner, and Form, as they would have been intitled to the Surplusage of the personal Ellate of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, in case he had been a legitimate Child, and had died intestate, leaving them his next of Kin.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in making such last mentioned Distribution and Division, the said Trustees shall pay and distribute unto John Fitzmaurice, now an Infant, the Son of Caliph Fitzmaurice deceased, a Brother of the said Ulysses ritz-maurice of the Half-blood, and the natural or reputed Son also of the said Earl of Kerry* the same Share and Proportion of such last mentioned Surplus as the said John Fitzmaurice would be intitled to have and receive by virtue of this Act, in case he had been one of the poor Relations, or next of Kin, in equal Degree, of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, on his Mother's Side j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such last mentioned Surplus shall be more than sufficient to pay unto the said poor Relations, or next of Kin, of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice and the said John Fitzmaurice the Infant, the Sum of five hundred Pounds each; that then, and in such Case, the Surplus which shall remain, after paying unto each of them the Sum of five hundred Polinds, shall be equally paid, distributed, and divided, unto and among the said Aboan Fitzmaurice, James Fitzmaurice, Robert Fitzmaurice, and John Fitzmaurice, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and also all and every such other of the poor Relations or next of Kin of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, on his Mother's Side, in equal Degree, who shall appear and make out their Kindred in Manner as aforesaid, and the said John Fttzmaunce the Infant, equally between them. Part and Share alike any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to give and aflurfe unto Gilbert Hillock Efauire, in Trust for his Son Gilbert Douglas Hillock, a Minor, the Negro Boy late belonging to the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, called Romeo; and also to give and assure unto the Negro Woman, late belonging to the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice* called Penelope, her Freedom, according to the intention of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, as exp relied in the Instructions by him given for making his Will, as hereinbefore is mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

V. And, for promoting and facilitating the Sale of the said Estates and Premises for the Purposes of this Act* it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons to whom the said Isaac Barrie Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts> or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall, by virtue of this Act, make any Sale or Conveyance of all or any Part of the said Plantation, Estate, Hereditaments, and Premises, hereby vested in them, to be sold as aforesaid, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, shall and may, upon Payment of their respective Purchase-monies to the said Isaac Barn* Toomas Fitzmauricei and David Roberts, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, have, hold, and enjoy, the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, by them respectively to be purchased, freed, and absolutely discharged, of and from all Estate, Right, Title, Claim, and Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (except as herein before is excepted) j and also of and from all and every the Trusts herein-before provided, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the Money to arise by such Sate dr Sales; and that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Isaac Barre* Thomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts* or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, under their or his Hands or Hand respectively, shall, from Time to Time, be a good and effectual Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the same Premises, or any Part thereof, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for so much of the said Purchase money as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received j and after such Receipt and Receipts shall be given as aforesaid. such Purchaser and Purchasers shall be, and he, (he, and they respectively, is and are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of the said Purchase money, or any Part thereof

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Sale or Conveyance of the Premises mentioned to be sold as aforesaid, and until the Money arising by such Sale or Sales shall be paid, distributed, and divided, pursuant to this Act, they the said Isaac Barre, Thomas Fitz-maurice, and David Roberts, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Survivor, shall, as soon as such Monies, or any Part thereof* shall come to their or any of their Hands, of be received by them, deposit the same in the Bank of England, in the Names of all the; said Trustees, which shall there remain, and shall not be removed or taken from thence without all their Consents, and that for the Purpose only of paying, dividing, and distributing, the same, pursuant to this Adh

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Isaac Barri* TThomas Fitzmaurice, and David Roberts, shall not, nor shall either of them, nor the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, of them, or either of them, be answerable or accountable for any Deficiency, Damage, or Loss of Money, to be received by virtue of or under the Trusts hereby in them reposed, or for any Agent, Attorney, or other Person, to be retained or employed by them in the Sale of the faicj Estate and Premises, or in depositing any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, or any otherwise relating to the Trusts hereby in them reposed, without his or their own wilful Negledi or Default; and that neither of them shall be answerable or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Neglects, or Defaults, of the other or others of them, but each for his own Act, Receipt. Neglect, or Default onty; and also that the said Trustees, and each of them, thoir and each of their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall

Saving Clan ft in > favour of John Fitzmaurice, aa* Infant.

How the Surplu*

is to be divided, in case it aft'orri* a larger Sum than that of 500 I. to each of the distant Rela* tioni.

A Negro Woman and Boy to be settled according to the Irtftrudion* of the Willr

After Payment of Purchase-money the Estates to be free from all Claim* -> and Trust*.

Mooey arifitfg by the Sale of the Premises to be deposited ian the Bank.

Tmfteet 'Bot^to*

be answerable for the Act £ a each other, r.

---

80 C. 41, 42. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

and may, by and out of the said Trust-monies and Premises, retain to and reimburse themselves all Costs, Charges, and Expences, that they respectively shall and may sustain, expend, or be put unto, in and about the Execution of the Trusts hereby in them reposed, and the Execution and Management thereof, or any-ways touching or concerning the same.

[Saving of Rights to Bodies Politick, &c.]

VIII. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Estates and Premises hereby vested as aforesaid, every or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for further continuing so much of two Acts made in the sixth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain free Ports in the Island of Jamaica.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[Act 6 Geo. 3.]

(intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony;) which was to continue in Force until the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

[and Act 13 Geo. 3.]

and which, by another Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was amended, and such Parts thereof as relate to the said Island of Jamaica were continued until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the further Continuance of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Island of Jamaica, will be highly beneficial to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[continued, so far as they relate to Jamaica, until Nov. 1, 1780.]

That the said Acts, and every Thing therein contained, so far as the same relate to the said Island of Jamaica, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued, until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS considerable Quantities of old Silver Coin of this Realm, or Coin purporting to be such, greatly below the Standard of the Mint in Weight, have been lately imported into this Kingdom, and it is expedient that some Provision should now be made to prevent a Practice which may be carried on at this Time, to the very great Detriment of the Publick;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[After June 1, 1774, all Coin of this Kingdom or purporting so to be, not of the established Standard, prohibited to be brought into this Kingdom;]

That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, all Silver Coin of this Realm, or any Money purporting to be the Silver Coin of this Realm, which is not of the established Standard of the Mint in Weight and Fineness, shall be prohibited to be imported or brought into the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland from Foreign Countries;

[and all such Coin found in Ships, &c. on Search, in Terms of Act 14 Car. 2. to be seized, and committed to the Customhouse Warehouse.]

and if any Silver Coin being, or purporting to be, the Coin of this Realm, exceeding in Amount the Sum of five Pounds, shall be found, by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, on board any Ship or Vessel, in any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek, or in any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, upon the Water, within the said Kingdoms, or in the Custody of any Person coming directly from the Waterside, or upon the Information of one or more Person or Persons in any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, Room, or other Place, on a Search there made in such Manner as in and by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs, is mentioned and directed, if such Search is made in Great Britain, or according to the Manner directed by any Act of Parliament made in Ireland, relative to the searching for uncustomed and prohibited Goods in that Kingdom, if such Search is made there, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to stop and put such Coin in his Majesty's Customhouse Warehouse, in the Port next to the Place where such Stop shall be made:

[If such Silver Coin be the established]

And if it shall appear, upon Examination there, to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, of the said Port or Place, that such Silver Coin is of the established Standard of the Mint in Weight and Fineness, the same

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43. 81

[Standard Weight and Fineness, it is to be restored to the Proprietors; but if deficient in Weight or Fineness to be forfeited;]

shall, upon Demand, be forthwith delivered to the Owner or Proprietor thereof, without Fee or Reward; and such Officer or Officers, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, shall not be liable to any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, for searching, stopping, or detaining the same; but if such Coin, or any Part thereof, shall be less in Weight than the established Standard of the Mint, that is to say, at and after the Rate of sixty-two Shillings to every Pound Troy, whether the same be in Crowns, Half-crowns, Shillings, Sixpences, or Pieces of a lower Denomination, or of less Fineness than eleven Ounces two Penny-weights of fine Silver, and eighteen Penny-weights of Alloy in the Pound Troy, the same, or such Part thereof as shall be deficient either in Weight or Fineness, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs,

[and prosecuted at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh;]

and prosecuted in any Court of Record in Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh; or if such Coin shall not amount in Value to the Sum of twenty Pounds, in that Case the same shall and may be prosecuted in a summary Way, before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such Seizure shall be made, at the Election of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, or the Commissioners of Revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them respectively, in such and the like Manner, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law of the Revenue maybe sued for and recovered, in the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland respectively:

[After Condemnation, to be melted down; and one Moiety go to his Majesty, and the other to the Prosecutor.]

And after Condemnation, the same shall be melted down, cut, or otherwise defaced, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Revenue respectively shall direct; and one Moiety of the Produce arising by the Sale thereof, after being so melted down, cut, or defaced (first deducting the Charges of Prosecution and Sale), shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer of the Customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same.

[No Tender exceeding 25l. shall be allowed legal for more than its Value.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tender in the Payment of Money made in the Silver Coin of this Realm of any Sum exceeding the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, at any one Time, shall be reputed in Law, or allowed to be a legal lender within Great Britain or Ireland, for more than according to its Value by Weight, after the Rate of five Shillings and Two-pence for each Ounce of Silver; and no Person to whom such Tender shall be made shall be any-ways bound thereby, or obliged, to receive the same in Payment, in any other Manner than as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Continuance of the Act.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices.

[Preamble.]

---

'WHEREAS the Preservation of the Records of the High Court of Chancery, and also of the Books in which the Decrees and Orders of the said Court are entered, and of the Reports made by the Mailers of the said Court, in pursuance of such Decrees and Orders; and also of the Books of Account of the Cacti and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, is of the utmost Confe- quence to the said Suitors, and to the Publick in general: And whereas the Six Clerks of the said Court ‘ are seised, to them and their Successors, of the Office called The Six Clerks Office, and the several Buildings belonging thereto, situate on the West Side of Chancery Lane, within the Liberty of the Rolls, in the County of Middlesex\ and the Business of the said Court, under their Management, is transacted in their said Office, and the Records in their Custody, confiding of Bills, Answers, Depositions, and other Pleadings and Inrolments of Decrees, Orders, Reports, and other Proceedings, are deposited therein;

and the said Office is a very ancient Building, and become very ruinous: And whereas the said Books,

wherein the said Decrees and Orders are entered, and the Reports made in pursuance of such Decree*

and Orders, and the Books of Account of the said Cash and Effects, are deposited and kept in the Office of the Register of the said Court, and various Books of Account of the Cacti and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the said Court are also kept in the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court:

And whereas the Rooms now used as Offices for the said Register and Accountant General arc, from their Situation and Condition, in great Hazard of being destroyed by Fire: And whereas a very considerable Sum of Money, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, is now, and has been for many

Years, lying dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, being Money accumulated under the Act of Parliament of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Re- of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And whereas by four several Acts of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth, fifth,

and ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, several Sums of Money, Part of the Money lying dead and unemployed, have been placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and specifick Parts of the Interest arising therefrom have been appropriated for augmenting the Income of Officers belonging to the said Court; and by the said Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Surplus Interest which had arisen, or which should or might arise, from the Securities purchased, and to be purchased, in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, together with the Interest which should be produced from the Securities to be purchased with such Surplus Interest, should, by any Order ot Orders of the said Court, to be made

82 C. 43. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

'for that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out on Government Securities; and that the Interest or annual Produce arising from the said Securities* should, from Time to Time, be received by the Gover- nor and Company of the Bank of England\ and so much thereof as should arise from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Interest produced, and to be produced, from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should be placed to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept at the Bank, of Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and so much thereof as should arise from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Interest produced, and to be produced, from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should be placed to the Credit of an Account to bz raised in the said Books kept in the Bank, of Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas there are now 4 (landing in the Name of the said Accountant General, under the Title of Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty, five thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, three per Cen»

turn Consolidated Bank Annuities, and in Cash, fourteen Pounds three Shillings and Four-pence; and there are also (landing, in the Name of the said Accountant Genera), under the Title of Securities purchased, with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, four thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, three per Centum Bank Consolidated Annuities, and in Cash three Shillings and Ten*pence; which Annuities and Cash are unappropriated, and it will be no Injury to the Suitors of the said Court if the same, and also the Surplus Interest which shall hereafter arise from the said Annuities, and from the Securities purchased pursuant to the several Acts before mentioned, shall be employed towards railing a Fund for rebuilding and erecting the said several Offices, and in purchasing such Ground as may be necessary for such Purposes; and if a Sum of Money, not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, Part of the Money lying dead and unemployed as aforesaid, shall be placed out at Interest on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and the Interest: thereof, or so much as shall be necessary,

applied for the same Purpose be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament 500001. out of assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said the Cast belong- Court of Chancery, which now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England> chancery)Cnovr* a Sum not €^ceeding fifty thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said lying in the Court to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, Bank, may be on such Government or Parliamentary Securities, as in and by such Orders shall be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out may be applied for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and that the said Court of Chancery may, by Order or Orders of the said Court, from Time to Time, change the Security or Securities on which the said Monies shall be so placed out, as the said Court shall think expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to ffie Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and out of the Interest produced, and to be produced, from such Securities; and also out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and out of the Interest produced, and to be produced, from such Securities, and' out of the Surplus Interest which shall arise or be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; and out of the Interest which shall arise or be produced from Securities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, shall, in his and their Discretion, deem necessary, be paid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, and be applied under the Direction of the said Court; in the first place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining this Act, and then in rebuilding the said Office, called The Six Clerks Office, with the Offices belonging the reto* and in purchasing Ground and Houses for that Purpose, if any shall be deemed necessary by the said Court, and in providing a proper Place for transacting the Business of the said Six Clerks Office* during the Time such Office shall be rebuilding; and the Sum of ten thousand Pounds in erecting proper and convenient Offices for the said Register and Accountant General of the said Court, separate and detached from each other, and in purchasing such Ground and Houses as shall be necessary for those Purposes, ancf anthhePr«mifei for preserving the ancient Books of Entries of Decrees and Orders of the said Court; and that the Ground tob* verted »n and Houses, to be purchased for the Purpose of rebuilding the said Six Clerks Office, if any such shall be deemed necessary, be conveyed to, and veiled in, the said Six Clerks? to hold to them, and their Successors for ever, in Trust, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned; and that the Ground and Houses to be purchased for the Purpose of erecting the said Offices for the said Register and Accountant General?* be conveyed to and veiled in Thomas Anguish Esquire, Accountant General of the said Court, tQ hold t<x him and his Successors, for ever, and which are hereby vested in the said Thomas Anguish, and his Successors, in the said Office for the Time being, for ever, in Trust, to and for the Purposes in this Act

plac-d on Government Seen* litics.

Out of Sums granted by former the Charge of rebuilding The Six Clerk* Office, &c. is to be paid;

the fa d Six

U«rki.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 44. 83

mentioned, concerning the Offices of the said Register and Accountant General, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

III. Provided always, That from such Time as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord

Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall deem the dcemVr Pur-

Purposes of this Act to be fully satisfied, and shall in Testimony thereof, by an Order of the said Court, poses of the Art

declare the same, and direct the Accountant General of the said Court not to issue any Draft, and the satisfied.

Governor and Company of the Bank of England not to issue any further Sum or Sums of Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the Appropriation herein-before made of the Surplus Money placed to the the Apprnpri.

Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest <haUce, fc*

arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, and also of the Interest of Securities to be purchased pursuant to this Act, shall, from thenceforth, cease and

be at an End.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and annual Produce arising from the Securities to be inters wism* purchased in pursuance of this Act shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of from Security* the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept there for the *°l,<! r^e,vvr€d Suitors of the said Court of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of this Act; and that of the Surplus Interest which shall arise from such Securities, after so much thereof as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid shall have been raised thereout, or out of the several other Funds hereby provided for raising the same; and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities to be purchased with such Surplus Interest, as herein after mentioned, shall or may, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time, be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities; and the Interest or annual Produce arising from such Securities shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be placed to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept at the Bank for the Suitors of the said Court of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if, at any Time hereafter, the Whole, Pm of or any Part of the said Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, hereby directed to be placed out as aforesaid, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery; then* and in such b/warued' the Case, the said Court may and shall direct the same, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Secu- Court may d,re€t rities in which the same shall be placed to be disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may, the same to be at all Times, be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such 'ailed in for Suitors. the Use of lilt

Suitor*.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen

Linen, Fufiian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures and fer preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Pressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures 5 and for the better Payment of their Wages.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Art 22 Geo. a*

Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian,

Cotton, I> on, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Siftr Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; certain Punishments, therein mentioned,

are to be inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel false or short Yarn: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Punishments directed to be inflicted by the said Act for reeling false or short Yarn are too severe, on which Account Offenders go frequently unpunished, and many honest industrious Persons are deterred from spinningmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as subjects any repealed eon-Person or Persons to any Punishment whatsoever for reeling false or short Yarn, shall be, and the same is fining the reef-hereby repealed. Yarn.

II. And, in order to prevent Persons reeling false or short Yarn for the future/ be it further enacted, Penalties in-Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall reel false or short Yarn, flirted bythit and shall he thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of the Owner of such Yarn; or in case such Owner Art, for rechag is one of the People called Quakers, then upon the solemn Affirmation of such Owner, or of any other 0It *rn# credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with such Offence, before any one or mo:e Justice or Justices of the Peace, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Place, v here such Offence shall be committed, or where the Person or Persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which 0~th such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer),

84 C. 45. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

for the First

nister), shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than weedfn^aos ^vc Shillings, and for the second Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shil-fwVhe Second* I*n£s > an<* for the third, and every other Offence, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or 51. Justices of the Peace to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the House of Correction, or other

nd, for the publick Prison of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, there to be kept to Third, imprison- hard Labour for the Space of one Calendar Month, and also to order the Person or Persons so convicted Mcmthand to to once publickly whipped at the nearest Market Town to where the Offence was committed, and be*publidcJy upon a Market Day; all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall go to the Party aggrieved, whipped.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following; that is to say:

Form of Con* T> E it remembered. That on the Day of ia

vision. 4 J3 the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me, or us,

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for

[specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same ivas committed, and also speci- Jpng that i* vua5 the fiijl) secondy or thirdy Offence age.injl this Act, as the Case be.]

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, or our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year aforesaid'

Conv*&i n» to be Wrote on Parchment, and returned to the nett General Ql»ner S'flion. Convict on« may be delivered to Persons.en paying is. each Copy.

Persons may appeal to the - Q*tter Sessionij entering into Recognizance.

If Cells be not paid, according to Order of the Justice*, t» ey m^v be levied by Didrcfr, &c. and where there are nj Goods, the Persons to be committed.

Proceedings rot

*«> be quashed for w.m ut Krm.

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly wrote on Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such v^onviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace where any such Conviction shall be filed, as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of one Shilling for every such Copy.

V. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall be defirotis of appealing to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holtlen for the County, Riding, City, or Place, wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, such Person may, at the Time of such Conviction, enter into a sufficient Recognizance conditioned to try such Appeal, abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be adjudged by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices, at such Sessions, shall and are hereby authoris'd and required to take Cognizance of such Appeal, and may affirm such Conviction, and award such Costs, as they the said Justices shall think proper: And in case the same are not paid, according to the Order of the said Justices, such Costs may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who ought to pay the fume, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Person shall be or reside; and if no Goods and Chattels belonging to such Person can be found, sufficient to pay the Costs, and the Charges of making such Distress, the said Justices may cause the Person to be committed to the common Gaol of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, x>r Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Calendar Months; and the Determination of the said Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes: And no Order made concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuset's in New England.

PxramMe, recit->nf Let ets Patent of j Gul.

Jk Man*.

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England) made in the third Year of the Reign of their hue Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for uniting, erecting, and incorporating, the several Colonies, Territories, and Tracts of Land therein mentioned, into one real Province, by the Name of Their Majesties Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New England; whereby it was, amongst other Things, ordained and established, That the Governor of the said Province should, from thenceforth, be appointed and commissionated by their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors: It was, however, granted and ordained, That, from the Expiration of the Term for and during which the eight and twenty Persons named in the said Letters Patent were appointed to be the first Counfdlors or Assistants to the Governor of the said Province for the Time being, the aforesaid Number of eight and twenty Counsellors or Assistants should yearly, once in every Year, for ever thereafter, he, by the General Court or Assembly, newly chosen: And whereas the said Method of clecting such Counsellors or Assistants, to be vested with the several Powers, Authorities, and Privileges, therein mentioned, although conformable to the Practice theretofore used in such of the Colonies thereby united* in which the Appointment of the respcsLiive Governors had been vested in the General Courts or Assemblies of the said Colonies, hath, by repeated Experience, been found to be extremely ill adapted to the Plan of Government established in the Province of the Massachusets Bayr by the said Letters Patent hereinbefore mentioned, and hath been so far from contributing to the Attainment of the good Ends and Purposes

A.D. 1774 Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 45. 85

poses thereby Intended, and to the promoting of the internal Welfare, Peace, and good Government,

of the said Province, or to the Maintenance of the just Subordination to, and Conformity with the c Laws of Great Britain, that the Manner of exercising the Powers, Authorities, and Privileges aforesaid, by the Persons so annually elected, hath, for some Time past, been such as had the most manifest 4 Tendency to obstruct, and, in great Measure, defeat, the Execution of the Laws; to weaken the At-.

tachment of his Majesty's well-disposed Subjects in the said Province to his Majesty's Government, and to encourage the ill-disposed among them to proceed even to Acts of direct Resistance to, and Defiance

of, his Majesty's Authority: And it hath accordingly happened, that an open Resistance to the Execution of the Laws hath actually taken place in the Town of Bofion, and the Neighbourhood thereof,

within the said Province: And whereas it is, under these Circumstances, become absolutely necessary,

in order to the Preservation of the Peace and good Order of the said Province, the Protection of his Majesty's well-disposed Subjects therein resident, the Continuance of the mutual Benefits arising from the

Commerce and Correspondence between this Kingdom and the said Province, and the maintaining of the just Dependance of the said Province upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain, that the said Method of annually eleding the Counsellors or Assistants of the said Province should no longer be fuf- fered to continue, but that the Appointment of the said Counsellors or Assistants should henceforth be put upon the like Footing as is established in such other of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, the Governors whereof are appointed by his Majesty's Commission, under the Great Seal of Great Britain :* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hun- After Aug. n dred and seventy-four, so much of the Charter, granted by their Majesties King William and Queen 1774* lhc Mary to the Inhabitants of the said Province of the Massachusets s Bay, in New England, and all and every Lct'frl ?alenr Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, which relates to the Time and Manner of eleding the to v0ld# Assistants or Counsellors for the said Province, be revoked, and is hereby revoked and made void and of none Effect; and that the Offices of all Counsellors and Assistants, cleded and appointed in pursuance thereof, shall from thenceforth cease and determine: And that, from and after the said first Day of Courxril howto August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Council, or Court of Assistants of the said b*co»posed< Province for the Time being, shall be composed of such of the Inhabitants or Proprietors of Lands within the same as shall be thereunto nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by Warrant under his or their Signet or Sign Manual, and with the Advice of the Privy Council, agreeable to the Practice now used in respect to the Appointment of Counsellors in such of his Majesty's other Colonies in America% the Governors whereof are appointed by Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain: Provided that the Number of the said Assistants or Counsellors shall not, at any one Time, exceed Thirty-six, nor be less than Twelve.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Assistants or Counsellors, so to be appointed as rlL aforesaid, shall hold their Offices respectively, for and during the Pleasure of his Majesty, his Heirs or al °un c 9 Successors j and shall have and enjoy all the Powers, Privileges, and Immunities, at present held, exer-

eifed, and enjoyed, by the Assistants or Counsellors of the said Province, constituted and elected, from Time to Time, under the said Charter (except as herein after excepted); and shall also, upon their Admission into the said Council, and before they enter upon the Execution of their Offices respectively, take the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the Declarations required, as well by the said Charter as by any Law or Laws of the said Province now in Force, to be taken by the Assistants or Counsellors who have been so elected and constituted as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July, The Governor one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Governor for to appoint ami the Time being of the said Province, or, in his Absence, for the Lieutenant-governor, to nominate and remove Judgesr appoint, under the Seal of the Province, from Time to Time, and also to remove, without the Consent of the Council, all Judges of the inferior Courts of Common Pleas, Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, Terminer, the Attorney General, Provosts, Marshals, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers to the Council or

Courts of Justice belonging; and that all Judges of the inferior Courts of Common Pleas, Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, the Attorney General, Provosts, Marshals, Justices, and other Officers so appointed by the Governor, or, in his Absence, by the Lieutenant-governor alone, shall and may have, hold, and exercise, their said Offices, Powers, and Authorities, as fully and completely, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Judges of the inferior Courts of Common Pleas, Commissioners of Oyer and Terminery Attorney General, Provosts, Marshals, or other Officers, have or might have done heretofore under the said*

Letters Patent, in the third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary y any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed Nothing herd* to extend, to annul or make void the Commission granted before the said first Day of July, one thousand contained to an* seven hundred and seventy-four, to any Judges of the inferior Courts of Common Pleas, Commissioners C°'c<r of Oyer and Terminery the Attorney General, Provosts, Marshals, Justices of the Peace, or other Officers; Monuly but that they may hold and exercise the same, as if this Act had never been made, until the same shall 1774.

fco determined by Death, Removal by the Governor, or other Avoidance, as the Case may happen.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Governor to yuly9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Gover- *pp£‘0nult th^ nor, or, in his Absence* for the Lieutenant-governor for the Time being of the said Province, from Time content of 10 "Time, to nominate and appoint the Sheriffs without the Consent of the Council, and to remove such Council, Sheriffs with such Consent, and not otherwise.

86 C. 45. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

On a Vacancy

No Meeting to be called without the Consent of the Governor.

Jurors to be summoned by the Sheriffs only.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon every Vacancy of the Offices of Chief Mice ^ief Justice and Judges of the Superior Court of the said Province, from and after the said first Day of &c!^heOow- one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Governor for the Time being, or, in his Ab-

nor may appoint fence, the Lieutenant-governor, without the Consent of the Council, shall have full Power and Authority the Successors. to nominate and appoint the Persons to succeed to the said Offices, who shall hold their Commissions during the Pleasure of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that neither the Chief Justice and Judges appointed before the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, nor those who shall hereafter be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall be removed, unless by the Order of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual.

VII. And whereas, by several Act of the General Court, whichTiave been from Time to Time ena&e'd c and passed within the said Province, the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the several Townships* Districts,

and Precincts, qualified, as is therein expressed, are authorised to assemble together, annually, or occa- fionally, upon Notice given, in such Manner as the said Acts diredf, for the Choice of Seletft Men, Constables, and other Officers, and for the making and agreeing upon such necessary Rules, Orders,

and Bye-laws, for the directing, managing, and ordering, the prudential Affairs of such Townships, Districts, and Precincts, and for other Purposes: And whereas a great Abuse has been made of the Power of calling such Meetings, and the Inhabitants have, contrary to the Design of their Institution, been milled to treat upon Matters of the most general Concern, and to pass many dangerous and un-

warrantable Resolves :\ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, no Meeting shall be called by the Select Men, or at the Request of any Number of Freeholders of any Township, Distritft, or Precind, without the Leave of the Governor, or, in his Absence, of the Lieutenant-governor, in Writing, expressing the special Bu-iinefsof the said Meeting, first had and obtained, except the annual Meeting in the Months of March or Afay9 for the Choice of Select Men, Constables, and other Officers, or except for the Choice of Persons to nil up the Offices aforesaid, on the Death or Removal of any of the Persons' first elected to such Offices, and also, except any Meeting for the Election of a Representative or Representatives in the General Court5 and that no other Matter shall be treated of at such Meetings, except the Election of their aforesaid Officers or Representatives, nor at any other Meeting, except the Business expressed in the Leave given by the Governor, or, in his Absence, by the Lieutenant-governor.

VIII. And whereas the Method at present used in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, in America, of electing Persons to serve on Grand Juries, and other Juries, by the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the several Towns, affords Occasion for many evil Practices, and tends to pervert the free and impartial Ad-

ministration of Justice:' For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the respective Times appointed for the holding of the General Sessions of the Peace in the several Counties within the said Province, next after the Month of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Jurors to serve at the Superior Courts of Judicature, Courts of Assize, General Gaol Delivery, General Sessions of the Peace, and inferior Court of Common Pleas, in the several Counties within the said Province, shall not be elected, nominated, or appointed, by the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the several Towns within the said respective Counties, nor summoned or returned by the Constables of the said Towns; but that, from thenceforth, the Jurors to serve at the Superior Courts of Judicature, Courts of Assize, General Gaol Delivery, General Sessions of the Peace, and inferior Court of Common Pleas, within the said Province, shall be summoned and returned by the Sheriffs of the respedfive Counties within the said Province; and all Writs of Venire Facias, or other Process or Warrants to be issued for the Return of Jurors to feive at the said Courts, shall be directed to the Sheriffs of the skid Counties respectively, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore fail. That wherever the Sheriff of any County shall happen to be a Party, or interested or related to any Party or Person interested in any Prosecution or Suit depending in any of the said Courts; that then, in such Case, the Writ of Ve~ tiire Facias, or other Process or Warrant for the Summoning and Return of a Jury, for the Trial of such Prosecution or Suit, shall be directed to, and executed by, the Coroner of such County; and in case such Coroner shall be also a Party, or interested in, or related co, any Party or Person interested in such Prosecution or Suit, then the Venire Facias, or other Process or Warrant, for the Summoning and Return of a Jury for the Trial of such Prosecution or Suit shall be directed to, and executed by, a proper and indifferent Person, to be appointed for that Purjlbfe by the Court wherein such Prosecution or Suit shall be depending.

4 X. And that all Sheriffs may be the better informed of Persons qualified to serve on Juries at the Superior Courts of Judicature, Courts of Assize, General Gaol Delivery, General Sessions of the Peace- and inferior Court of Common Pleas, within the said Province,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constables of the respe&ive Towns, within the several Counties of the said Province, shall, at the General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for each County, next after the Mouth of September in every Year, upon the first Day of the said Sessions, return and deliver to the Justices of the Peace, in open Court, a true Lift, in Writing, of the Names and Places of Abode of all Persons

within the respective Towns for which they serve, or the Districts thereof, qualified to serve upon Juries, with their Titles and Additions, between the Age of one and twenty Years and the Age of Seventy Years; which said Justices, or any Two of them, at the said Sessions in the respective Counties, shall cause to be delivered a Duplicate of the aforesaid Lifts, by the Cleric of the Peace.of every County, to the %hieh art to be, Sheriffs, or their Deputies, within Ten Days after such Sessions* and cause each of the Did Lifts to be en'ered in Book* fairly entered into a Book, by the Clerk of the-Peace, to be by him provided, and kept fi>F that Purpose

*1 c tl amongst the Records of the said Court; and no Sheriff shall impanel or>retur» any Person or Persons to

When a Sheriff shall be a Party, Writ* for Trial Vo be executed % the Coroner*

Constables to deliver in Lifts to the Justice of the Names of Persons within the respectirc Town*;

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 45. 87

serve upon any Grand Jury* or Petit Jury, whatsoever, in any of the said Courts that shall not be named or mentioned in such Lift: And, to prevent a Failure of Justice, through the Neglect of Constables to make such Returns of Persons qualified to serve on Juries, as in and by this Act is directed, the Clerk of the Peace of the said several Counties are hereby required and commanded, twenty Days at least next before the Month of September, yearly, and every Year, to ifltie forth Precepts or Warrants* under their respective Hands and Seals, to the respective Constables of the several Towns within the said respective Counties, requiring the m* and every of them, to make such Return of Persons qualified to serve upon

iuries as hereby respectively directed; and every Constable failing at any Time to make and deliver such Penalty of 5?.

Letorn to the Justices in open Court, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and incur the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling to his Majesty, and his Successors; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be prose- 10 c ver 1 u ciited in any of the Courts aforesaid 5 and, in order that the Constables may be the better enabled to make complete Lists of all Persons qualified to serve on Juries, the Constables of the several Towns shall have free Liberty, at all seasonable Times, upon Request by them made to any Officer or Officers, who shall have in his or their Custody any Book or Account of Rates or Taxes on the Freeholders or Inhabitants within such respective Towns, to inspect the same, and take from thence the Names of such Persons qualified to serve on Juries, dwelling within the respective Towns for which such Lifts are to be given in and returned pursuant to this Act; and shall, in the Month of September, yearly, and every Year, upon Two or more Sundays, fix upon the Door of the Church, Chapel, and every other publick Place of religious Worship within their respective Precincts, a true and exact List of all such Persons intended to be returned to the said General Sessions of the Peace, as qualified to serve on Juries, pursuant to the Directions of this Act} and leave at the same Time a Duplicate of such Lift with the Town Clerk of the said Place, to be perused by the Freeholders and Inhabitants thereof, to the End that Notice may be given of Persons duly qualified who are omitted, or of Persons inserted by Mistake who ought to be omitted out of such Lifts; and it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Justices, at the General Sessions of the Peace to which the said Lifts shall be so returned, upon due Proof made before them of any Person or Persons duly qualified to serve on Juries being omitted in such Lifts, or of any Person or Persons being inserted therein who ought to have been omitted, to order his or their Name or Names to be inserted or struck out, as the Case may require: And in case any Constable shall wilfully omit, out of such Lift, any Person or

Penalty of 4o*.

Persons, whole Name or Names ought to be inserted, or shall wilfully insert any Person or Persons who ought to be omitted j every Constable so offending, shall, for every Person so omitted or inserted in such in wrong Lift*! Lift, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be fined by the said Justices, in the said General Sessions of the Peace, in the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Default shall at Jl^b the Cton-any Time hereafter be made, by any Constable or Constables, to return Lists of Persons qualified to serve fubie/sherifftt» on Juries within any of the said Towns to the said Court of General Sessions of the Peace; then, and in summon Persons such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the County, in which such Default shall be made, qualified, to futhmon and return to the several Courts aforesaid, or any of them, such and so many Persons dwelling in such Towns, or the Districts thereof, qualified to serve on Juries, as he shall think fit so serve on Juries at such respective Courts; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-withstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Summons of any Person to Emy Summons serve upon any of the Juries at the said Courts, or any of them, shall be made by the Sheriff, or other {?bc Person, ten Days at the least before the holding of every such Court 5 and in case any Jurors, so to be sum- ^ldin of tht* monei, be absent from the usual Place of his Habitation at the Time of such Summons, Notice of such Sum- Court" mons shall be given, by leaving a Note, in Writing, under the Hand of such Sheriff, or Person, containing the Contents thereof, at the Dwelling-house of such Juror, with some Person inhabiting in the same.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Incafeifoffi-Number of Persons qualified to serve on Juries shall not appear at the said Courts, or any of them, to cientNumberof perform the Service of Grand or Petit Jurors; that then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said ^ur°7 Court to issue a Writ or Precept to the Sheriff, requiring him to summon a sufficient Number of other JoVfTuca Precept Persons qualified to serve on Juries, immediately to appear at such Court, to fill up and compleat the forfoch Juror* Number of Jurors to serve at such Court; and such Persons are hereby required to appear and serve as Ju.ors at the said Courts accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall serve as a Juror, Nb Juror to fcr?e at any of the said Courts, shall be liable to serve again as a Juror at the same Court, or any other of the twice inthree Courts aforesaid, for the Space of three Years then next following, except upon Special Juries. Yean.

XV. And, in order that Sheriffs may be informed of the Persons who have served as Jurors/ it How Sheriff* are is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff* shall prepare and keep a Book, to be informed r>r Regiiler, wherein the Names of all such Persons who have served as Jurors, with their Additions and of those who Places of Abode, and the Times when, and the Courts in which they served, shall be alphabetically en-

tered and registered; which Books or Register shall, from Time to Time, be delivered over to the fuc- J010'* cecding Sheriff of the said County, within ten Days after he shall enter upon his Office; and query Juror, who shall attend and serve at any of the Courts aforesaid, may, at the Expiration of the Time of holding every such Court, upon Application to the Sheriff, or his Deputy, have a Certificate immediately, gratisy from the Sheriff, or his Deputy, testifying such his Attendance and Service; which said Certificate the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, is required to give to every such Juror.

[How a

constituted.]

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, by reason of Challenge?, or otherwise, there shall Hot be a sufficient Number of Jurors for the Trial of any Prosecution for any Mifde- Numbe^on^ meanour, or any Action depending in any of the said Courts 5 then, and in such Case, the Jury shall be row i« r« te fcfted up d* ct«libui Circumstantibus> to be returned by the Sheriff, unless he be a Party, or interclled or related

88 C. 45. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Penalty should Persons not appear to serve on Grand or Petit Juries.

Number of Jurors how to be ascertained.

Names of the Jury how to be drawn.

When the Superior Court of Assize and Common Pleas may Appoint a Jury.

Proviso.

Persons applying for Special Juries to defray Fees and Expences.

lated to any Party or Person interested in such Prosecution or Action 5 and, in any of which cases, to be returned by the Coroner, unless he be a Party, or interested or related to any Party or Person interested in such Prosecution or Action; and, in any of these cases, to be returned by a proper and indifferent Person, to be appointed by the Court for that Purpose.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person summoned to serve upon the Grand or Petit Jury, at any of the Courts aforesaid, or upon the Jury in any Prosecution, Action, or Suit, depending in any of the said Courts, shall not appear and serve at the said Courts, according to the said Summons (not naving any reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the Judges or Justices at such Court), he shall be fined by the Judges or Justices of such Court in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings Sterling.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff, or other Officer, to* whom the Venire Facias, or other Process or Warrant, for the Trial of causes, or fumrtioning of Juries, shall be directed, shall, upon his Return of every such Writ, or other Process or Warrant (unless in Cases where a Special Jury shall be struck by Order or Rule of Court, pursuant to this Act), annex a Pannef to the said Writ, or Process, or Warrant, containing the Christian and Surnames, Additions, and Places of Abode, of a competent Number of Jurors, named in such Lifts, which Number of Jurors shall not be less than twenty-four, nor more than forty-eight, without Direction of the Judges or Justices of such Court of Session, or one of them, who are hereby respectively impowered and required, it he or they fee Caule, by Order, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct a greater Number; and then such Number as shall be so directed shall be the Number to be returned to serve on such Jury.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Trials of all Actions or Suits depending in any of the said Courts, the Name of each and every Person who shall be summoned and returned as aforesaid, with his Addition, and the Place of his Abode, shall be written in several and distinct Pieces of Parchment, or Paper, being all as near as may be of equal Size and Bigness, and shall be delivered unto the Officer to be appointed by the Court for that Purpose, by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or some Agent of his; and shall, by Direction and Care of such Officer, be rolled up all as near as may be, in the same Manner, and put together in a Box or Glass, to be provided for that Purpose; and when any Cause shall be brought on to be tried, some indifferent Person, by Direction of the Court, may and shall, in open Court, draw out twelve of the said Parchments or Papers, one after another; and if any of the Persons, whose Names shall be so drawn, shall not appear, or shall be challenged, and such Challenge. allowed, then such Person shall proceed to draw other Parchments or Papers from the said Box, till twelve indifferent Persons shall be drawn; which twelve indifferent Persons being sworn, shall be the Jury to try the said Caiife: And the Names of the Persons so drawn and sworn shall be kept apart by themselves in some other Box or Glass, to be kept for that Purpose, till such Jury shall have given in their Verdict, and the same is recorded, or until such Jury shall, by Consent of the Parties, or Leave of the Court, be dif-, charged; and then the same Names shall be rolled up again, and returned to the former Box or Glass, there to be kept, with the other Names remaining at that Time undrawn, and so toties quoties, as long as any Cause remains then to be tried.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Superior Court of Assize, and Court of Common Pleas, upon Motion made on Behalf of his Majesty, his Herrs or Successors, or bn the Motion of any Prosecutor or Defendant, in any Indictment or Information for any Misdemeanor depending, or to be brought or prosecuted in the said Court, or on the Motion of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, Cause, or Suit whatsoever, depending, or to be brought and carried on in the said Court, and the said Court is hereby authorised and required, upon Motion as aforesaid, in any of the Cases before mentioned, to order and appoint a Jury to be struck for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of the said cases, and triable by a Jury of twelve Men, by such Officer of the said Court as the Court shall appoint; and for that Purpose the Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall attend such Officer with the Duplicate of the Lists of Persons qualified to serve on Juries; and such Officer shall thereupon take down, in Writing, from the said Duplicate, the Names of forty-eight Persons qualified to serve on Juries, with their Additions, and Places of Abode, a> Copy whereof shall forthwith be delivered to the Prosecutors or Plaintiffs, their Attornies or Agents, and another Copy thereof to the Defendants, their Attorniesor Agents, in such Prosecutions and causes; and the said Officer of the Court aforesaid shall, at a Time to be fixed by him for that Purpose, (hike out the Names of twelve of the said Persons, at the Nomination of the Prosecutors or Plaintiffs, their Attornies or Agents, and also the Names of twelve others of the said Persons, at the Nomination of the said Defendants in such Prosecutions and Suits, and the twenty-four remaining Persons shall be struck and summoned, and resumed to the said Court as Jurors, for the Trial of such Issues.

XXI. Provided always, That in case the Prosecutors or Plaintiffs, or Defendants, their Attornies or Agents, shall neglect or refuse to attend the Officer at the Time fixed for (hiking the Names of twenty-four Persons as aforesaid, or nominate the Persons to be struck out; then, and in such Case, the said Officer shall, and he is hereby required to strike out the Names of such Number of the said Persons as such Pro- fecutors or Plaintiffs, or Defendants, might have nominated to be struck out.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Party who shall apply for such Special Jury as aforesaid, shall not only bear and pay the Fees for (hiking such Jury, but shall also pay and discharge all the Expences occasioned by the Trial of the Cause by such Special Juiw, and shall not have any further or other Allowance for the same, upon Taxation of Costs, than such Person or Party would be intitled unto in ca(e the Cause had been tried by a common Jury, unless the Judge,*before whom the Cause is tried, shall, immediately after the Trial, certify, in open Court, under his Hand, upon the Back of the

Record, that the same was a Cause proper to be tried by a Special Jury.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 89

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions brought in any of the Costs howto be said Courts, where it shall appear to the Court in which such Actions are depending, that it will be proper ^frayed in &c. and necessary that the Turors who are to try the Issues in any such Actions, should have the View of the tu>n# bro,*hu Messuages, Lands, or Place in aueftion, in order to their better understanding the Evidence that will be given upon the Trial of such Issues; in every such Case the respective Courts in which such Actions shall be depending may order the Jury to the Platte in question, who then and there shall have the Matters in question shewn them by two Persons to be appointed by the Court; and the special Costs of all such Views as allowed by the Court? shall, before, the Trial, be paid by the Party' who moved for the View (the adverse Party not consenting the reto); and shall, at the Taxation of the Bill of Costs. have the same allowed him, upon his recovering Judgment in such Trial,; and upon all Views with the Consent of Parties, ordered by the Court, the Costs thereof, as allowed by the Court, shall, before Trial, be equally

Cajd by the said Parties; and in the Taxation of the Bill of Costs, the Party recovering Judgment shall ave the Sum by him paid allowed to him; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrarg(notwithstanding.

[Treble Costs.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought Sheriff*may *gainst any Sheriff, for what he shall do in Execution, or by virtue of this Act, he may plead the General pl?a.dflthe Cone-lifue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if,a Verdict shall be found for him, he shall recover rtAIflae*

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders in the County Palatine of Durham.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several Acts made in the fourth Year of King William and Queen Mary, and in

the sixth and seventh Years of King William, and in the fifth Year of Queen Anne, and in the A^Gul. Sc 4 third Year of King George the First, certain Rewards were directed to be paid upon the Convictions of Mari*, 6*7 4 Highwaymen, Clippers, Coiners, or Housebreakers within England and Wales, in the Manner by those G"1# Ann*> c Acts directed: And whereas those Acts do not extend to the County Palatine of Durham, and the 10 3 co' u 4 Judges who have gone the Northern Circuit, have, 'for that Reason, always refused to give Certificates of the Convictions of such Offenders, in the said County Palatine, without which Certificates the Ap- prehenders and Convictors of such (Offenders, are not by the said Acts Entitled to such Rewards: And whereas it is but just and reasonable that the Inhabitants of the said County Palatine, who contribute equally with othefs to the Support of Government in the Payment of publick Taxes, and other Duties, should, equally with the Inhabitants of other Counties and Cities, enjoy that additional Secu- rity to their Lives and Property which arises from a proper Encouragement being given to the Apprehen- ders and Convidlors of the Persons guilty of the Offences in the said Acts respectively mentioned: And whereas, for want of such Encouragement, the said County Palatine has already, in many Inllances,

and will, in many other, become a Place of Resort and Refuge for the most desperate and determined Villains:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Personi*otwe. from and after the pass ng of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any bending Often-. Person or Persons guilty of any of the Offences in the said recited Acts reffectively mentioned within dur8^8ftuiJty or the said County Palatine of Durham, and prosecute him, her, or them, so apprehended and taken, until he, she, or they, shall -be convicted of flion Offence or Offences, shall be intitled to have and receive, mentioned, and shall have and receive, from the Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Durham, within one Month within ti e after such Conviction, the same Reward or Rewards as is or are made payable by the said recited Acts to County Palatine the Person or Persons who shall apprehend, take, and prosecute, such Offender or Offenders in any other County within England or Wales, he or they tendering a Certificate to the Sheriff of the said County wlrd?m»dep*. Palatine of Durham, under the Hand or Hands of the Judges or Justices before whom such Gffnder able by the r*U or Offenders shall be convicted, which Certificate such Judges or Justices aie hereby authorised and re- Ad*, quired to grant, certifying the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, and in what Pai i£h the Offence or Offences was or were committed 5 and affo that such Offender or Offenders was or were apprehended and taken by the Person or Persons claiming such Reward or Rewards.

[Disputes arising

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute fhatll happen to arise between the Persons who shall so have apprehended and taken any such Offender or Offenders touching their Right and Title bttwen Part to any such Reward or Rewards then the said Judges or Justices so respectively certifying, as aforesaid, shall, in and by their said Certificate*, direct and appoint such Reward or Rewards to be paid to and ,utermii.id by amon^ft the Parties claiming the same, in such Share and Proportions as to the said Judges or Juiluxs the judges, shall item just and reasonable.

III and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any such Sheriff of the said County ineifc.nyshe* Pal atine of Durham (half die, or be removed before the Expiration of one Month alter such Conviction «irt ibaiid e be-and Demand made of such Reward or Rewards (the fame not having been paid as aforesaid), then the next succeeding Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Durham shall pay the same within one Month Ls'sucrHlor to* after such Certificate shall be brought, and Demand of Payment made, as aforesaid; and if Default of pay the Rcwanij Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money shall happen to be made by any such Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Durham, such Sheriff'so making Default, shall forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons to

90 C. 47, 48. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

[and in case of

whom such Money is dac, as aforesaid, double the Sum or Sums of Money he ought to have paid; to be fdJ,tbl° hf* recovered by him or them, or his or their Executors or Administrators, in any of his Majesty's Courts of ^lm°u cl c Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein but one Imparlance,

with Treble and no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, together with Treble Costs of Suit by

Cods of Swt. him or them expended in the Recovery of the same.

Sheriff to here-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Durham who shall have imbursed by the paid any such Reward or Rewards in pursuance of this Act shall and may immediately apply for Repay-Commissionert ment of the same to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Treasury. or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are and is ' hereby authorised and required, upon inspecting a due Certificate of the Conviction of such Offender of

Offenders within the said County Palatine of Durham^ for which such Reward or Rewards shall have been ordered to hi paid, as aforesaid, together with the Receipts or Acquittances of the Parties intitled to receive the same, forthwith to repay to the Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Durham, out of the Revenue of the Crown, without Fee or Reward whatsoever, all such Monies so disbursed and paid, as

aforesaid, by such Sheriff, other than and except the Double of the Sum* or Sums of Mortey, and Treble Costs of Suit, to which such Sheriff will be liable in Default of Payment of the Reward of Rewards

Within the Time before limited for such Payments Expencet of the V. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act shall be paid Afl how to be by the Treasurer of the said County Palatine of Durham, out of the first Monies that shall come into his pa,d' Hands from the Rates of the said County; and the Sum so paid by the Treasurer of the said County, in pursuance of this Act,^ shall be allowed to: the said Treasurer by the Justices of the said County before whom the Accounts of such Treasurer shall be passed.

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whorasoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted, to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, pr others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law*: and for giying further Time for those Purposes; and to* indemnify Members and Officers, in'Cities, Corporations, and Borough, Towns, whose Ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law* or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-tornies and Solicitors. Further Time given for these Purposes, to 25tb December, 177s*

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives, and for prohibiting, all such Insurances, except in Cases where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured.

[Preamble.]

No lnfuraoce to be made 00 the Lives of Perfoftt having no Inte-rtft, Set,

No Policies on Lives without inserting the Petfoot Names, &c.

How much may be recovered where the Insured hath

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the making Insurances on Lives, or other 4 VV; Events, wherein the Assured shall have no Interest, hath introduced a mischievous Kind of Gamming:' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Insurance. shall be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, on the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, or on any other Event or Events whatsoever, wherein the Person or Persons for whose Use, Benefit, or on whose Account such Policy or Policies shall be made, shall have no Interest, or by way of Gaming or Wagering; and that every Assurance made, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to make any Policy or Policies on the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, or other Event or Events, without inferring in such Policy or Policiea the Person or Persons Name or Names interested therein, or for whose Use, Benefit, or on whose Account, such Policy is so made or underwrote.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Insured hath Interest in such Life or Lives, Event or Events, no greater Sura shall be recovered or received from the Insurer or Insurers than the Amount or Value of the Interest of the Insured in such Life or Lives, or other Event or Events.

Interest in Lives.

Not to extend

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Insurances ^ona fae made by any Person or Persons, on Ships, Goods, or Merchandises; but every such In-Stops, Good*, furance (half be as valid and effectual in the Law, as if this Act had not been made.

---

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 49. 91

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for regulating Madhouses.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS many great and dangerous Abuses frequently arise from the present State of Houses kept for the Reception of Lunaticks, for want of Regulations with respect to the Persons keeping such Houses, the Admission of Patients into them, and the Visitation by proper Persons of the said Houses and Patients: And whereas the Law, as it now stands, is insufficient for preventing or discovering such Abuses;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[After Nov. 20, 1774, if any Person conceal more than one Lunatick without Licence, he shall forfeit 500l.]

---

That from and after the twentieth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, if any Person or Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, conceal* harbour, entertain, or confine, in any House or Place, kept for the Reception of Lunaticks, more than one Lunatick, at any one Time, without having such Licence for that Purpose, as is herein after directed (except such Lunaticks as are committed by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the (jreat Seal for the Time being), every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds,

II. And, in order that proper Persons may be appointed for visiting such Houses as shall he licensed and kept for the Reception of Lunaticks, within the Cities of London and Westmins\er9 and within seven Miles of the same, and within the County of Middlesexj be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the President and Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians in London for the Time being, at a General Meeting of the said College, to be held upon the last Day of September, or if that Day falls upon Sunday, then upon the fird Day of October9 in every Year, shall elect nve Fellows of the said College for granting such Licences as aforesaid, within the said Cities of London and Westminster, and within seven Miles of the same, and within the said County of Middlesex, according to the Directions of this Act; and the said five Fellows, so elected, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Commissioners for granting such Licences within the Limits aforesaid, for the Year then next ensuing; provided that two, at lead, of the said Fellows, to be so elected, shall be Persons who have not aftea as Commissioners for the preceding Year 5 and that no Person whatsoever shall be capable of being elected, or of acting as a Commissioner for more than three Years successively.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case, at any Time of Election, there shall not be found a suffi-eient Number of fellows qualified or willing to act as Commissioners, the said President and Fellows are hereby required, upon every such Deficiency, to elect one or more from among the Licentiates to top-ply the same,.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any of the Commissioners, to be elected as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to act, the said President is hereby required to call a Meeting of the said Fellows, within fourteen Days next after such Death or Refusal shall be known to the said President, in order to elect a Commissioner in the Room of every Commissioner who shall so die, or refuse to act*, and every Commissioner, so to be elected, shall be, and is hereby veiled with the same Power and Authority, in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall be chosen was vested with.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be elected a Commissioner to act within the Cities of London and Ir ejflminjhr* and within seven Miles of the same, and within the County of Middlesex, as aforesaid, shall, within ten Days after such Election, take the following Oath; (that is to say)

I A.B. dofwear. That I will faithfully and impartially execute all the Trusts committed untome, by 4 A virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses; and that I will not, directly or indirectly, give Notice, or cause Notice to be given to the Keeper, or Person having the Care of any House or Place licensed for the Reception of Lunaticks, of the Time of Visitation of such House or Place.

So help me GOD.'

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for the President of the College of Physicians for the Time being to administer to every such Commissioner, so to be elected as aforesaid, upon the Day he shall be so elected, or within ten Days afterwards: And in case any Person who shall be elected a Commissioner as aforesaid, and who shall be summoned by the President of the said College to attend the said President to take the said Oath, at such Time as shall be mentioned in such Summons, shall refuse or neglect to attend, or attending, shall refuse to take the said Oath, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be applied to the Use of the said College.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, so to be elected as aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall meet in the Hall, or some other convenient Place in the said College, as often as they (bail think fit, so as such Meetings do not interfere with the Meetings of the Board of Censors, nor with any other General Meeting of the College of Physicians; and that at all Meetings of the said Commissioners to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, the Commissioner who is of the longed (landing in the College shall be the Chairman.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said College for the Time being shall be the Tieafuw for the Purposes of this Act, and that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

Royal College of Physicians in London, on the last Day of Sept, yearly, may elect five Fellow for granting Licences, &c.

who are declared to be Commissionerr for that Purpose.

If a sufficient Number of Fellows be not qualified, See, a Licentiate may aft. Sec.

In case of Death, &c. President to caH a Meeting for the Election of another Commissioner*

Every Commissioner to take the following Oath*

Commissionera not attending, or refusing to talce the Oath, forfeit 5l.

Commissionera Meetings to be In the College Hall, &c.

Treasurer of tho Crliege to be Trcauiei for the

92 C. 49. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Purpose of this Act.

Secretary to be appointed.

who shall take the Oath.

Time of the Commissionera annual Meeting for granting Licences.

Licences to be damped with a 5 i. Stamp.

Sums to be paiJ by Persons taking out Licences.

No Licence to authorise any Person to keep more than one House j and to

No Commissioner, while in Office, to keep any Hooic for Lunaticks, &c. on Penalty of 5ol. President to summon Commissionrrt Attendance for the First Meeting.

Two Commissioners may call a Meeting.

Chaeman to have the caking Vote.

Commissioners to visit and in-fyeft liccnl'ed Houses.

At such Visita-lion the C<*m-ariithoners are to make Minute* of the State of Houses.

shall, at some Meeting, to be holden withip fourteen Pays next after they shall be elected as aforesaid, chuse and appoint a proper Person to be their Secretary for the Year then ensuing; and such Secretary shall be paid such Salary or Gratuity, for his Trouble and Attendance in the Execution of his Office, by the said Treasurer, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order and direct 5 and every such Secretary shall, at the next Meeting of the said Commissioners after he shall be so appointed, take the following Oath:

1

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute all such Trusts as shall be Committed to my Charge, ‘ 1 as Secretary to the Commissioners for executing an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating Madhouses\ and that I will keep secret all such Matters as shall come to my Knowledge, in the Executioipjof my'Office, (except when required to divulge the same by legal Authority.)

'So help me GOD.'

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall meet annually on the third Wednesday in the Month of October, or within ten Days afterwards, in order to grant Licences to Persons for keeping Houses for the Reception of Lunaticks for one Year, from the twentieth Day of November then next ensuing, within th^said Cities of London and lfy/1minster, and within seven Miles of the same, and within the said County of Middlesex; but Notice of the Place, and of the Day and Hour of every Meeting for granting such Licences, shall always be published three several Times in the London Gazette, before the Day of Meeting for granting any such Licences (which Licences they are hereby required to grant to all Persons who shall desire the same); and all Licences to be granted by the said Commissioners shall be duly stamped with a five Shillings Stamp, and shall be under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the said Commissioners for each of which Licences there shall be paid to the said Secretary, by the Person applying to take out the same, the Sums following; (that is to say) For each and every House wherein there shall be kept any Number of Lunatidrs, not exceeding ten, the Sum of ten Pounds j and for each and every House wherein there shall be kept above ten, the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and no more, over and above what shall have been paid for the said Stamp 5 which Money shall be paid over by the said Secretary to the said Treasurer; and the further Sum of six Shillings and Eight-pence, and np more, shall be paid on every such Licence to the said Secretary for his Fee.

IX. Provided always, That no one Licence shall authorise any Person or Persons to keep more Houses* than one for the Reception of Lunaticks; nor shall any Licence, to be granted by virtue of this Act, continue in Force for any longer Time than for one Year.

be In Force only one Year.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, to be appointed afc aforesaid shall, directly or indirectly, during the Time he shall be a Commissioner, be interested in keeping any House for the Reception of Lunaticks, upon Pain of forfeiting, for such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the President of the said College of Physicians for the Time being shall, and is hereby required to cause Summons to be sent to the said several Commissioners, requiring the ni to attend at the first Meeting after they shall be appointed Commissioners, as aforesaid; all which Summons-shall be sent by the Beadle, or such other Person belonging to the said College, as the said President shall think proper; and shall be left at the respective Houses, or usual Places of Abode, of each Commissioner.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That in case any two Commissioners shall, at any Time or Times, think proper to call a Meeting of the said Commissioners, such two Commissioners may themselves cause the like* Notice to be given, and to be sent, in Manner aforesaid, to the other Commissioners, requiring their Attendance at Fuch Time and Place as shall be expressed in such Notice.

XIII. Provided always, That at all Meetings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, in case of an Equality of Votes, the Chairman shall have the calling Vote.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, either by themselves or with their Secretary, as they shall think fit, shall, and they are hereby required, once at least in every Year and whenever required by the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or by the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, or by the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the Time being, to visit and inspect all such Houses as shall have been licensed by them, as aforesaid, between the Hours of Eight and Five in the Day-time; and may, in like Manner, at any other Time or Times, within the Hours aforesaid, visit and inspect all such Houses as often as they, or any three or more of them, shall think necessary, and shall have, at all such Times, Liberty and Power to continue in such House, and to examine the Persons confined as Lunaticks therein, for such Time as they shall think proper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, shall, at every such Visitation, make Minutes, in Writing, of the State and Condition of all such Houses which they shall so visit, as to the Care of the Patients therein, and all such other Particulars as they shall think deserve their Notice, together with their Observations thereupon; all which Minutes shall, within one Week next after such Visitation, be by the said Secretary entered, by way of Report, in a Register to be kept by him in the said College of Physicians for that Purpose, and the same shall be read to, and signed by, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at their next Meeting; but no Minute which tends to impeach the Character of any House shall be so entered, unless such Minute shall have been previously signed by three or more of the said Commissioners, who shall have been present at such Visitation; and in case the Commissioners,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 49. 93

Keepers within London or Westminster, &c., refusing Admittance, to forfeit their Licence. Commissioner to keep an exact Account of their Proceedings.

President of th*‘ College to inspect the Regis. ter in Presence of the Secretary. On Application* to the Commissionert, for Information concerning confined Personi, the Secretary i> to make Search.

missioners, upon their Visitation, shall discover any Thing that, in their Opinion, shall deserve Censure or Animadversion, they shall, in that Case, report the same; and such Part of their Report, and no more, shall be hung up in the Censors* Room of the College, to be perused and inspected by any Person who shall apply for that Purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Keeper of any House or Place for the Reception of Keepers within Lunaticks, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within seven Miles Distance thereof, or within the County of Middlesex, shall refuse all or any of the said Commissioners, at the Time of their Visitation,

Admittance into such House or Place as aforesaid, with or without their Secretary, the Matter or Keeper of such House or Place shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Licence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, cause an exadfc Account to be kept of all their Proceedings; and all such Accounts shall be entered in the same Register as the Minutes taken at their Visitations are directed to be entered as aforesaid; and the said Register shall be lodged in the College of Physicians in a strong Chest or Box, which said Chert or Box shall be under the Care of the Beadle or House-keeper belonging to the said College, and shall be carefully locked up, from Time to Time, by the Secretary to the said Commissioners, and the Key thereof kept by such Secretary; which said Register shall be deemed to belong to the said Commissioners, and the Key of the said Chest or Box shall be delivered over to every succeeding Secretary, when* ever the former Secretary shall go out of Office, and be kept by such succeeding Secretary in Manner aforesaid, for the Use of the said Commissioners.

XVIII. Provided always, That the President of the said College shall have Liberty to inspect the said Register, from Time to Time, as often as he shall think proper, provided such Inspection be made at the College, and in the Presence of the Secretary to the said Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall apply to one of the Commissioners, in order to be informed whether any particular Person or Persons have been confined in any of the said licensed Houses, and the said Commissioners shall think it reasonable to permit such Inquiry to be made, and shall sign an OrJer, directed to the Secretary for that Purpose; he, the said Secretary, is hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Order, to make Search upon his Papers: And if it shall appear, upon such Search, that the Person or Persons so enquired after have been confined in any of the said Houses, the said Secretary shall immediately acquaint the Persons so applying with the Name of the Keeper in whose House, and also the N jmes of those by whose Direction and Advice, such Person or Persons have been so confined.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Treasurer shall, and is hereby required to pay to each of One Guinea to the said Commissioners for every Time they shall, in Obedience to this Act, or any Requisition therein be paid, oncack contained, visit and inspect any such licensed House or Place, as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, the In, PcC,lion»X(l Sum of one Guinea; and shall also pay and discharge all such reasonable Expences of the said Commis- fia0nCrC.oin, nlf" sioners as they shall, from Time to Time, incur in the Execution of this Act; and the said Treasurer is and xift Ac hereby required, from Time to Time, to keep an cxadl: and true Account of all Monies by him received coomi to be and d'fbursed in relation to this Act, and shall enter such Account in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; kept by the which Book shall be lodged in the Box or Chest where the Register of the Proceedings of the said Com- Treasurer*

m lfioners is directed to be kept, as aforesaid; which Accounts shall be produced to the President of the said College, when required by the said President and Elects, to be examined and settled by them 5 and if, upon such Examination, the said Accounts shall appear to be just and reasonable, the same shall be allowed and signed by the said President, and at lead four of the Elects, and shall be by the said President reported, together with the other Accounts, at the next General Meeting of the said College; and the said Account, being so allowed, signed, and reported, shall be a full Discharge to the said Treasurer for so much Money as shall in such Account appear to have been disbursed by him, on account of the Execution of this Acth

XXI. And, in order that the said Commissioners may know when any Patient is received into any such Notice to be licensed House or Place, as aforesaid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper of go n, within every such licensed House or Place within the said Cities of London and Westminster^ and within seven Miles thrcc Pays ah£r of the same, and within the said County of Middlesex, is hereby required, within the Space of three Days p*ntl°ntothe after any Patient shall be received into any such licensed House or Place (except such pauper Lunaticks as Secretary by tho shall happen to be sent there by Parish Officers), to cause Notice thereof to be given to the Secretary to the Keeper, said Commissioners, which Notice shall contain the Name of every such Person received as a Lunatick into such House of Place, the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of the Person or Persons by whose Direction such Lunatick was sent to such House or Place, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, by whose Advice such Direction was given; all which Notices shall Notice how to be sent sealed up, directed To the Secretary to the Commissioners for licensing Houses for the Reception of Luna- bediicdUd. ticks, to be left with the Beadle of the College of Physicians in London; all which Notices the said Beadle is hereby directed to receive, and to deliver to the said Secretary, within two Days after the same shall come to his Hands; and the Secretary is hereby required to fiie and preserve all such Notices, and also to enter, or cause a Copy or Extract thereof to be entered, in the Register, within two Days after the Receipt of such Notices; and every Keeper of any such licensed House or Place, who shall admit, harbour, entertain, or Keeper* admin confine, any Person as a Lunatick, without having an Order, in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of rtns lunatick* some Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, that such Person is proper to be received into such House or Place *n

as a Lunatick, or shall receive any Lunatick into any such House or Place, having such Order, and shall oreition. not give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, within the Time, and in the Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXII. And, in order that such Houses or Places for the Reception of Lunaticks as are not situated within Ko more than the Limks aforesaid may be put under some Regulation/ be it further enacted, That no House, which is not one Lunatick to within the said City of London, or within seven Miles of the same, or within the said County of Middlesex, he kept in any shall be kept for the Reception of more than one Lunatick, unless such House or Place shall be licensed by

except in such as are licensed,

94. C. 49. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

the Justices of the Peace, at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place wherein such House or Place shall be situated.

Justices to grant

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, at any* General Quarter Sessions of Licences at Gc- the Peace, to be holden for any such County or Place, are hereby authorised and required to grant Licences Sessions^VnTre. *° ^cr^on and Persons as shall apply for that Purpose, such Person or Persons paying for each Licence cciv'c^oV*every the Sums following; (that is to say) for each and every House, wherein there shall be kept any Number House keeping7 of Lunaticks, not exceeding ten, the Sum of ten Pounds, and no more; and for each and every House, not exceeding io wherein there shall be kept above the Number of ten Lunaticks, the Sum of fifteen Pounds, and no more; Lunaticks, 10l. and that no onc Licence shall authorise any Person or Persons to keep more Houses than one for the Reception of Lunaticks, nor shall any such Licence be granted for any longer Term than for one Year and the said Justices shall, at the Time of granting such Licences as aforesaid, nominate and appoint two Justices of the Peace Tor the said County, and also one Physician, to visit and insped all such Houses as shall be licensed by such Justices as aforesaid; and the said Justices and Physicians, so nominated and appointed, or any two of them, whereof the Physician to be one, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to visit, in the Day-time, every House so licensed, within the County where such House or Place shall be so licensed, as often as they shall think fit.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices and Physician, so nominated, or such of them as shall visit any licensed House as aforesaid, may, at every Visitation, if they think necessary, make, or cause to be made. Minutes, in Writing, of the State and Condition of every House which they shall visit, of Houfii tlon* as to ^are Pat'ents therein, and all such other Particulars as they shall think deserve their Notice,

- * together with their Observations thereupon all which Minutes shall be entered, by way of Report, in a

Reeifter to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk of the Peace for the County where such House or Houses

sad for above that Number

Justices, at Vi Stations, to make Minute*

which Minute* are to be enter-

Secretary.

Sums of Money for his Trouble in the Execution of this Act as the said Justices shall order and direct; and all Money to be paid for such Licences as shall be granted by the said Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, who shall keep an Account thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall account for the same to the said Justices, as often as he shall be required so to do; and all Expences attending the Execution of this Act, (except within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within seven Miles thereof, and also except within the said County of Middlesex) shall be defrayed out of such Money as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Justices shall, from Time to Time, within their respective Counties, order and direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That at such General Quarter Session, when such Justices and Physician shall be appointed as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace shall take the like Oath as is appointed by this Act to be taken by the Secretary of the Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Keeper of any House or Place for the Reception of

- Lunaticks, not being within the said City of London or Westminster, or within seven Miles of the same, or the Justice and within the said County of Middlesex, shall, in the Day-time, refuse the said Justices and Physician, on such I'hyficianjtofor- Visitation, Admittance, at any Time or Times, into such House or Place as aforesaid, the Master or «ncfthC r Keeper of such House or Place shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Licence.

ifTkeeper do

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper of any House or Place not give Notice for the Reception of Lunaticks, not being within the said City of London or Westminster, or within seven of the Receipt Miles of the same, or within the said County of Middlesex, shall, and is hereby required, to give such

CWk of the Peace to take the Secretary* Oath.

Keepers refuting Admittance to

House or Place; and every Keeper of any such licensed House or Place, who shall admit, harbour, entertain, or confine, any Person as a Lunatick, without having an Order in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of some Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, that such Person is proper to be received into such House or Place as a Lunatick, or shall receive any Lunatick into any such House or Place, having such Order, and shall not give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Lid Commissioners, within the Time, and in the Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

[No Licence to be granted to any Person, without Recognizance in

with Sureties.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted as aforesaid, either by the Person, without said Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, unless, upon granting such Licence, the Person Recognisancein to whom such Licence is granted shall enter into Recognizance to the Xing's Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-icoi. with Sure* ceflors, in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with two sufficient Sureties, each in the Sum of fifty Pounds, ties* or one sufficient Surety in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, under the usual Conditions, for the good Beha-

viour of such Person during the Time for which such Licence shall be granted.

The Chancellor

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Chancellor of Great to order the Britain, or Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or the Lord Chief or°hftic« mu J*ce ^ourc of King's Bench, or the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the licensed 111* Time being, may, at any Time or Times, by any written Order, airedled to the Commissioners appointed Houtir*, and to by this Act, or to the Justices of the Peace and Physician, appointed Visitors, at any General Quarter make Report; Session, require the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the said Visitors, or any two of them, to visit or inspect any House or Houses so licensed; and also to make a Report to him or them, touching such Matters as they shall, in such Orders, be directed to inquire into, or as they shall think they may also deserving his or their Lordships Notice; and the said Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Com-fcttd for, and mifiaoners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, or the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 50, 51, 52. 95

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, may also, at any Time or Times, by a like Order, fend for, and inspect the Register or Registers 10 to be kept as aforesaid; and may summon and examine artl or ariy of the Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act, as often as shall be thought necessary and proper; arid, in case they, or any of them, shall not obey all such Orders as aforesaid, within two Days after the Receipt of the same, and shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, every Person, so offending, shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the Court of Chancery, Court of King's Bench, or Court of Common Pleas, as the Case shall be.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any of the publick Hospitals within this Kingdom.

XXXI. And whereas it is not intended by this Act to give the Keepers of any House or Houses, so to be licensed as aforesaid, or any other Person concerned in confining any of his Majesty's Subjects therein, any new Justification from their being able to prove that the Persons so confined have been sent, there by such Direction and Advice as are required by this Act / be it therefore declared and enacted, That in all Proceedings that shall be had under his Majesty's Writ of Habeas Corpus, and in all Indictments. Informations, and Actions, that shall be preferred and brought against any Person or Persons, for, confining or ill-treating aijy of his Majesty's Subjects, in any of the faieffloufes, the Parties complained, of shall be obliged to justify their Proceedings, according to the Course of thi Common Law> in the famie Manner as if this Act had not been made. }

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred within the said Cities of London or Westminster, or within seven Miles of the same, or within the said County of Middlesex, for Offences against this Act, shall and maybe sued for and recovered in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, by Adliori of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, by the President of the said College for the Time being, in the Name of the Treasurer belonging to the said College, at any Time within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; and au such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, and are hereby directed to be paid to the said' Treasurer; and shall be applied (except such Penalties and Forfeitures as are otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) in Manner following; (that is to say) one Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiely towards defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act: And all Penalties and Forfeitures which (halt be incurred fof Offences against this Act, not within the said Cities of London or Westminster, or within feycri Miles of the same, Qr within the said County of Middlesex, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action b f Debt, 9ifT, Plaint, or Information, by and in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the County where any such Offence shall be committed; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety for defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, within such County.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, that if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in purftiance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadl Committed; and shall be laid'of brought in the County, City^ or Place, where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may, at his Election, plead specially, or the Generall Issue, Not guilty; and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, oc shall not have been commenced within the Time before limited for bringing the same j that then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and, upon a Verdict being so found, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfuiced, or discontinue his, her, or their Action pr Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

inspeARegisteri* ' and examine Parties.

Not to extend to publick Hof* pi tali.

Proceedings to be justified in Course of Com* □3on Law.

Penalties and Forfeitures fro*, to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of Actiont.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

---

[Publick Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Continuance of this Act.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, to renew and, grant Leases of Lands, and to sell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CAP. LI.

An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; to enable them to make other Sales, Purchases, and Exchanges; and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School.

CAP. LII.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water, and embelish the said Square; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

96 C. 53 - 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Hundred of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the River Tamer, in the Parish of in the said County.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Service in North America.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS Doubts have been entertained, whether Troops can be quartered otherwise than in Barracks, in case Barracks have been provided sufficient for the quartering of all the Officers and Soldiers within any Town, Township, City, District, or Place, within his Majesty's Dominions in North America: And whereas it may frequently happen, from the Situation of such Barracks, that, if Troops should be quartered therein, they would not be stationed where their Presence may be necessary and required:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons authorised by Law, in America, to provide Quarters, where none are provided, for Officers and Soldiers.]

That, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Persons who now are, or may be hereafter, authorised by Law, in any of the Provinces within his Majesty's Dominions in North America, and they are hereby respectively authorised, impowered, and directed, on the Requisition of the Officer who, for the Time being, has the Command of his Majesty's Forces in North America, to cause any Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty's Service to be quartered and billetted in such Manner as is now directed by Law, where no Barracks are provided by the Colonies.

[Governor of the Province to give Orders for Quarters for Officers and Soldiers.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if it shall happen at any Time that any Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty's Service shall remain within any of the said Colonies without Quarters, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Quarters shall have been demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor of the Province to order and direct such and so many uninhabited Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, as he shall think necessary to be taken (making a reasonable Allowance for the same), and made fit for the Reception of such Officers and Soldiers, and to put and quarter such Officers and Soldiers therein, for such Time as he shall think proper.

[Continuance of this Act.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall continue and be in Force, in all his Majesty's Dominions in North America, until the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

CAP. LV.

An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for making and establishing publick Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing his Majesty's Revenues of Customs and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon Hulls for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

[Act 14 Car. 2. recited.]

---

intituled An At for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs; reciting, amongst other Things, That, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the first

Year of Queen Elizabeth of famous Memory, diredinp when and where Merchandise should be landed, and Customs paid, it was, amongst divers other Things, enacted and ordained. That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, should be shipped or loaden aboard any Ship or Vessel, or landed or discharged out of or from any Ship or Vessel, but in or upon some such open Place, Quay, or Wharf, Places, Quays, or Wharfs (except the Port of Hull)* as her Highness, her Heirs and Successors, should therefore assign and appoint, by virtue of her Highness's Commission or Commissions with- in the Port of London, and in all Ports, Creeks, Havens, or Roads: And also reciting. That, notwithstanding the aforesaid Act, there were some Ports, Creeks, and Places, where Customers, Collectors, and Comptrollers, and Searchers, and their Servants, had then. Time out of Mind, been resident, to which no such Commissions were sent, nor Places, Quays, or Wharfs appointed, as by the said Act was directed: And further reciting. That since that Time, by reason of the Alteration of Rivers, Streams, Channels, and Sands, some Places then appointed were become unfit and useless, and others much more convenient and commodious, as well, for Traffick and

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 97

'Commerce as for landing and discharging, lading and shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise: It was therefore, by the said recited Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, amongst other Things enacted and ordained, That the King's Majesty might,

from Time to Time, by his Highness's Commission or Commissions out of his Court of Exchequer, assign and appoint all such further Places, Ports, Members and Creeks (except the Town of Hull), as should be lawful for the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of any Goods, Wares, or Mer- chandise, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and to what ancient and head Ports respectively such Places, Members, or Creeks, should be- long and appertain: And where any such Member, Creek, or Place, should be so as aforesaid appointed by virtue of the said Commission or Commissions, the CuRomer, CoJleAor, Comptroller, and Searcher,

of the Head Ports should, by themselves or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, Servant or Servants,

reside and inhabit, for the entering* clearing, and passing, shipping and discharging, of Ships, Goods,

and Merchandise; and, by virtue of the aforesaid Commission or ConunifTions, might likewise set down and appoint the Extents, Bounds, and Limits, of every Port, Haven, or Creek, within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town and Port of Berwick, whereby the Extents, Li-Vmits, and Privileges, of every Port, Haven, or Creek, might be ascertained and known; and that it should not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to lade or put, or cause to be laden or put,

off or from any Quay, Wharf, or other Place, on the Land, into any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or Bottom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever (Fish taken by his Majesty's Subjects, Sea Coal, Stone, and Bestials, only excepted), to be transported into any Place of the Parts beyond the Seas, or carried by Land into the Realm of Scotland, or to take up, discharge, or lay on Land, or cause or procure to be taken up, discharged, or laid on Land, out of any Boat, Lighter, Ship, Vessel, or Bottom (being not in Leak or Wreck), any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever (Fish taken by his Majesty's Subjects, Bestials, and Salt, only excepted), to be brought from any of the Parts beyond the Seas, or by Land from the Realm of Scotland, by way of Merchandise, but only upon such open Place, Quay, or Wharf, Places, Quays, or Wharfs, as his Majesty should, from Time to Time, assign and appoint, by virtue of such Commission and Commissions as aforesaid, in his Majesty's Port of Lon- don, and the Members and Liberties thereof, and in any Port, Place, Member, or Creek, within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town and Port of Berwick, without special Sufferance and Leave first had from the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, as by the last recited Act, relation being thereunto had, it doth and may, amongst other Things therein contained, more fully appear: And whereas, since the passing of the said recited Acts, the Trade and Commerce of the Port of Kingston upon Hull are greatly increased, and it is highly expedient, for the Security and Improvement of the publick Revenue, and for the Advantage of Commerce, that lawful Quays would be established at the said Port, for the shipping and landing of Goods and Merchandise imported there, and exported from thence, in such Manner as is herein after expressedj which, by reason of the Exception in the said before-recited Acts, cannot be done without the Interposition of Parliament;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by nis and their Commission or Commissions out of the Court of Exchequer in England* to assign and appoint such open Places, Quays, or Wharfs, at Kingston upon Hull, on the West Side of the Harbour, and on the Walls adjoining the Town's Ditches, to be lawful open Places, Quays, and Wharfs, for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping, of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, exported to, or imported from, foreign Parts, and to let down, appoint, and settle, the Extents, Bounds, Metes, and Limits thereof, subject nevertheless to such Provisions and Regulations as are herein after in that Behalf expressed or declared; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to lade or put, or cause to be laden or put, off or from any Quay, Wharf, or other Place, on the Land within the said Port of Kingston upon Hull, into any Ship, vessel. Lighter, Boat, or Bottom, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever (except Fish taken by his Majesty's Subjects, Sea Coal, Stone, and Bestials), to be transported into any Place beyond the Seas, or to take up, discharge, or lay on Land, or cause or procure to be taken up; discharged, or laid on Land, out of any Boat, Lighter, Ship, Vessel, or Bottom (being not in Leak or Wreck), any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever (Fi(b taken by his Majestya Subjects, Bestials, and Salt, only excepted), to be brought from any of the Parts beyond the Seas, by way of Merchandise, but only upon such open Place, Quay, or Wharf, Places, Quays, or Wharfs, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, (half, from Time to Time, assign and appoint, by virtue of such Commission and Commissions as aforesaid, at Kingston upon Hull, on the West Side of the Harbour, and on the Walls adjoining the Town's Ditches, or off, from, or upon, such Quays or Wharfs as shall be built and provided in pursuance of this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned, without special Sufferance or Leave first had from the Commissioners or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods,

Wares, and Merchandises, so laden or discharged, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, or the Value thereof; any Thing in the before-recited Acts, or any other Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding'

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such open Places, Quays, or Wharfs, so to be appointed, shall extend or projeA above fifteen Feet from the outerxnoft Part of the present Buildings into the Haven.

III. And whereas there are certain Staiths situate on the West Side of the River Hull, between BoiUiop.

9 Thomas Walters'* Ship Yard, and a certain Staith called Rotten ring Staith, at which Staiths the Pro- Proprietors of

VojmXII. Q/ 4 prietors 5t*ah*oatht

His Majesty lets* powered to ftp-

ffsar

No Person to ship Goods for Exportation

Exception

No Wharfs, &c. shall project above 15 Feet from the present Buildings.

Proprietors of Staiths on the

98 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

West Side of the River allowed to make Wharfs.

Drains emptying into the Haven to be secured at the End.

Regulations in building the Wharfs, &c.

Proprietors of Staiths to remove Banks, etc. beyond 35 Feet from the outermost Parti of the Staiths.

Dow-water Mark to be determined by two Engineers, hi case the Engineers disagree, Referee to be nominated.

Fh case of the Death or Rcfu* £1 to act of Mr. Tofield, or Mr. Crundy, ethers to be chosen.

Penalty on Proprietors n it re-anovine Bmk», &c. bevorjd 35, Feet D.itance Jt the Staiths.

prietor9 thereof have, for Time immemorial, landed and discharged, laden and shipped, Goods, Wares,

and Merchandise: And whereas it is reasonable that this Privilege should be continued to the Proprietors of the said Staiths / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as soon as the Bason or Dock herein after mentioned, and directed to be made, shall be fit for the Reception of loaded Ships, and not sooner, it shall be lawful for all and every the Proprietors of the said Staiths to build and make, at their own Expence and Charge, commodious Quays or Wharfs opposite to their said Staiths respectively, to be erected upon Piles of Wood, and not otherwise, and to project into the Haven of the said River Hull fifteen Feet, to be open at all Times to the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, by a free and clear Communication with the common Staiths adjoining; on which Quays or Wharfs, when so made and erected, it shall be lawful to ship off, land, and discharge, all Goods called Sufferance Goods; that is to say. Lead, Hemp, Iron, Flax, Yarn, Timber, Raff, and all other Goods and Merchandise whatever, which are permitted to be shipped off or landed in the Port of London, as Sufferance Goods, and under the like Regulations.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Common Sewers or Drains, which shall empty themselves into the said Haven in the Length of the Quays or Wharfs above described, shall be secured, at the End next the River, with strong Iron Bars, not more than two Inches asunder; any Thing above contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Quays or Wharfs shall be erected upon two Rows of Piles only, except where the Foundation of the Ground appears to be such as to require a larger Number of Rows, which Number shall, in case of Dispute, be settled and determined by two able disinterested Engineers, to be appointed, one by the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any thirteen or more of thfcm, and the other by the Trustees of the Holderness Drainage, hereafter mentioned, or any five or more of them; and they art hereby respectively required to appoint such Engineers accordingly, and the Determination of such Engineers shall be final and conclusive.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Proprietors of the said Staiths (han, and they are hereby'required, within eighteen Calendar Months after the first Sufferance Quay or Wharf shall have been erected or built, in pursuance of this Act, to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through and take away, at their own Costs and Charges, all Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbish, beyond thirty-five FJet from the outermost Part of the Staiths or Warehouses already built and erected upon the West Side of the Haven of the said River Hull, as low as Low-water Mark, from Thomas Walton's Ship Yard to Rotten Herring Staith', and also to make and preserve the Beach in such Manner that the same may dope or batter two Feet at least for every Foot of perpendicular Rife from the said Low-water Mark, in the said Haven, to within fifteen Feet of the present Staiths or Warehouses, and so as that the Level of the Ground, without the said Distance of thirty-five Feet from the present Staiths or Warehouses, shall be equal in a Line or Height with the said Low-water Mark.

VII. And, In order to prevent Disputes about the Line or Heighth of the said Low-water Mark/ be it further enacted, That the same shall be settled and determined, within twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, by Thomas Tofield and John Grundy, Esquire9.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Tofield and John Grundy shall not agree, then it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to nominate some other Engineer to be an Umpire or Referee; and the Determination of the said Thomas Tofield, John Grundy, and the said other Engineer, or any two of them, as to the Low-water Mark in the said Haven, ibal), within twenty Days after the same shall have been agreed upon, be set forth, in Writing, and one Copy thereof, signed by them, or any two of them, shall be delivered to the Commissioners for executing this Act, or their Clerk, and another Copy thereof to the Trustees for executing two several Acts made in the fourth and sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for draining certain Low Grounds and Carrs ifi Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, or to their Clerk; and the said Determination (Hall be final and conclusive as to the Line or Height of the said Low-water Mark* '

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Tofield shall die, or refuse or neglect to act*_ then it shall and may be lawful For the said Trustees for draining the said Low Grounds and Carrs in Holderness, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, within two Months after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect, shall be known, to nominate and appoint one other Engineer, of known Abilities and Reputation, and not concerned in any Office or Trust under the said Trustees, in the Room of the said Thomas Tofield; or in case the said John Grundy shall die, or refuse or neglect to act, then It shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby required, within two Months after such Death, Refafal, or Neglect, shall be known; to nominate and appoint one other Engineer, of known Abilities and Reputation, and not concerned in ally Office or Trust under the said Commissioners, in the Room of the said John Grundy, and the Person or Persons so respectively nominated and appointed, shall have the same rower and Authority to de-< termine the Line or Height of the said Low-water Mark, as the Person or Persons, in whose Room he or they shall succeed was or were vested with.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Proprietors of the said Staiths shall not, within eighteen Calendar Months after the first Sufferance Quay or Wharf shall have been erected or built, in pursuance of this Act, cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through and take away, all Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbish, beyond thirty-five Feet from the outermost Part of their respective Staiths or Warehouses, as low as the said Low-water Mark; Or to make and preserve the Beach, in such Manner that the same may Hope or batter two Feet at least for every Foot of perpendicular Rise from the Low-water Mark, in the said Haven, as shall be settled by the said Engineers, and so as that the Level of the Ground, without the said Distance of thirty-five Feet from the present Staiths or Warehouses, shall be qual in a Line with the said Low-water Mark; or shall, at any Time, after.that the said Slope or Batter

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 99

is made, and after the said Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbish shall be so removed, neglect to keep the same properly Hoped, cleansed, scoured, opened, deepened, widened, or cut through and taken away, in Manner directed by this Act; then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, within three Months after Notice or Complaint, in Writing, shall have been delivered to their Clerk or Treasurer, signfed by the said Trustees for draining the said Low Grounds and Carrs in Holder mefsy or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through and take away, all Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbish, beyond thirty-five Feet from the outer-moll rart of the Staiths or Warehouses of any Proprietor, as low as the said Low-water Mark, who shall have neglected so to do in Manner herein-before directed; and to make and preserve the Beach, in such Manner that the same mav Hope or batter two Feet at least for every Foot of perpendicular Rife from the Low-water Mark in the said Haven, and so as that the Ground without the said Distance of thirty-five Feet shall be equal in a Line with the Height of the said Low- water Mark; and to levy the Costs and Charges attending the same by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods or Chattels of the Proprietor so neglecting, as aforesaid, or of the Occupier or Tenant of any of the Staiths or Warehouses belonging to any such Proprietor so neglecting, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall, for Penalty <;o!.ow the Space of three Months after such Notice or Complaint, as aforesaid, from the said Trustees, neglect Commissioner* or refuse to make such Slope or Batter, or to remove all Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbish, without negie«ingro re-the Distance, and in the Manner before mentioned; then, and in that Case, the said Commissioners shall,

for every Month in which they shall neglect or refuse to remove the Cause of such Complaint, after the Expiration of the said three Months, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of fifty rounds; which said Sum of fifty Pounds shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, against the said Commissioners, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the said Sum, when recovered by the said Trustees, shall be by them applied for the Purposes of the said Drainage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee for executing the said two Acts made in the fourth Qualification of and sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for draining certain Low Grounds and Carrs in Holder- Tluftccs* ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the

Powers by this Act given to thfe said Trustees, unless he shall be actually possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the annual Value of fifty Pounds; or shall be ponefled of a personal Estate to the Amount of two thousand Pounds above Reprizes; or shall be Heir-apparent of a Person possessed of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the annual Value of one hundred Pounds: And if any Trustee, not so Perulty 50l. on qualified, shall act in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Act given to the said Trustees of the Trustee*a&in?> JHolderness Drainage, every such Trustee shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered by n^lib^g iiulj Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, quai together with Double Costs of Suit, by any Person who will prosecute or sue for the same.

XIII. And whereas there are certain common Staiths on the West Side of the said River Hull, kqown Corporate or distinguished by the several Names of Shields Staith, Salters Lane Staith, Neiu Staith, Chapel Lane deemed Proprie-. 4 Staith, Bishop Lane Staith, Scale Lane Staith, Church Lane Staith, Rotten Herring Staith, Horse Staith, and two other common Staiths, in a Place in the said Town of Kingston upon Hully called 1 he Ropery, weft Side the which, for Time immemorial, have been repaired by the Mayor and Burgesses of the same Town;' be River, it therefore enacted, That the said Mayor and Burgesses, and their Successors, shall be deemed the Proprietors of all and every the last mentioned Staiths, for the Purposes of this Act; and shall have the like Power to build or make Quays or Wharfs opposite such Staiths, and to use, hold, and enjoy, the same, in like Manner as any other Proprietor is enabled to do by virtue of this Act; but nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the free Landing of any such Goods, Materials, or other Things, Merchandise excepted, as have been accustomed heretofore to be landed at any such common Staiths, free of Wharfage to the Proprietors of the said Staiths.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner Ownmnotcoa* or Proprietor of any Quay or Wharf, so to be set out as aforesaid, shall not conform to the Rules and forming to Measures hereby prescribed and directed, or shall at any Time discontinue or alter the same, or make new Ru,.rt>16 Incroachments, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, *and after publick Notice thereof given by the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Kingston upon Hully by fixing up a Writing, under their Hands, where the Fault shall be committed, declaring the Offence, and limiting a Day and Time for the Amendment thereof, shall not cause the same to be amended and removed accordingly; then such Quay or Wharf shall, from thenceforth, be no more deemed and taken to be, or have the Benefit or Privilege of, a lawful Place for shipping, lading, or landing, any Goods or Merchandise, hut shall be utterly debarred thereof, unless restored by his Majesty's Special Warrant; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Company im-

XV. And whereas it is necessary that a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other 4 Works, shall be made and provided, and Regulations established for the proper tiling thereof, and for powered within the general Benefit of all Persons concerned in the Commerce of the said Port of King ft cn upon Hull ;* be seven Years to it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Company herein after make a Bilbo, mentioned and described, and they are hereby impowered and lequired, within the Space of seven Years from and after the thirty-first Day of December y one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to make a Bason or Dock, to extend from the River Hull to a certain Place in the said Town of Kingston upon Hully called The Severity Gates, or as near thereto as conveniently may be, and to make the lame in all Parts equal in Depth to the Bed of the River, or at least within fifteen Inches of the same, for the Admission

100 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

with Reservations,

If the Company do not provide Quays within the limited Time, the King to appoint them bj Co mini Hum.

Company's Names.

Grown Land granted for the above Purpose.

of the loaded Ships, and of such Width at the lead as the Ground granted determined by this will admit; and that the said Company shall and may likewise cause to be made and provided such Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other Works, Requisites, Matters, and Things, as they shall from Time to Time adjudge necessary, for the more convenient Use of the said Bason or Dock, and for the general Benefit of Shipping, and of the Trade and Commerce of the said Port; and the said Company shall and may also build, or cause to be built, within the said Space of seven Years, a Quay or Wharf, of a sufficient and convenient Length, for the Trade and Business of the said Town and Port, which shall range along the Side of the said Bason or Dock next the Town; which Quay or Wharf shall be deemed and taken to be a legal Quay or Wharf, for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, and shall be of the same Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Quay or Wharf had been erected and set out by virtue of his Majesty's Commission issuing out of the Court of Exchequer in England; and that, from and immediately after the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after the said Bason or Dock shall be finished, the Practice, in the said Port, of examining and discharging Goods on Board of Ships and Vessels shall cease and determine.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Company herein after named shall not build and complete the Quay or Wharf along the Side of the said Bason or Dock, in the Manner herein before described, and within the Time for that Purpose above mentioned, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his and their Commission or Commissiong out of the Court of Exchequer in England, to assign and appoint such open Places, Quays, and Wharfs, within any Part of the said Port of Kingston upon Hull, in the same Manner, and with the like Powers, and subject to the like Rules and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as lawful Quays and Wharfs are set out and appointed in other Ports of this Kingdom; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas the several Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, herein after named, are

willing to begin, carry on, and complete the said Bason or Dock, and Quay or Wharf adjoining thereto, and to make and provide such Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other Works, as shall be ne- ceflary for accomplishing the Design and good Purposes intended by this Act, in Manner, and upon the Terms and Conditions, herein after mentioned and contained ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull\ Joseph Sykes* Josiah Corthine, Joseph Willi amfon Henry Maijler, Samuel Watson, Henry Etherington, John Porter, John Lambert 1 Benjamin Blaydes Thompson, John Dixon, Richard Howard, John Howard, Isaac Broadley, William Waller, Joseph Pease, William Welfitt, Hugh Ker, George Fowler, Edward Codd, Robert Thorley, William Travis, Jfofeph Out ram, John Staniforth, Thomas Haworth, Thomas Stack, Valentine Budd, Robert Markland, William King, Thomas Turner, William Hanumd, and all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, who are or shall become Subscribers towards the Expence of carrying on the Works hereby intended, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them, shall, at any Meeting assembled, by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be united into a Company, with full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to direct the making, completing, supporting, altering, and maintaining, such Bason or Dock, and Quay or Wharf adjoining thereto, and also such Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other Works, Kequi-sites. Matters, and Things, as they shall think proper, to answer the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall, for those Purposes, be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have Power and Authority to purchase Lands to them and their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Works, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

XVIII. And whereas, in order to promote an Undertaking so beneficial with respect to his MajestyV

Revenue, so useful to Navigation, and so conducive to the Advancement and Security of Commerce, % his Majesty hath been most graciously pleased to signify his royal Consent to grant and appropriate, for the Purposes before mentioned, and no other, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, being Part of the Land belonging to his Majesty's military Works at Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, called The Town's Ditches- from Low-water Mark, in the River Hull, leading through and contiguous to the Ship Yards at the North End of the same Town of Kingston upon Hull, now in the several Occupations of Alderman Benjamin Blaydes and Matter Thomas Walton, extending from thence South West to Beverley Gates, and Southward as far as Hfsle Gates, in the said Town, and from thence Eastward to a Place called Harry Ogle's Tower, in Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, together with and including the Gates, Walls, Buildings, 4 Inner and Outer Ditches, Ramparts, Bastions, Bridges and Bridge-ways, and all other Works and Things which at the passing of this Act are, or heretofore did belong to, or were deemed a Part of his Majesty's said military Works; and all such other Buildings and Erections as shall, at the Time of passing this Act, be thereon, excepting such Part thereof as shall, within six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, be described with Marks or Stakes, to be used for the Purpose of building a

Custom-house, with Warehouses necessary for the same, under the Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things, and all other the Premises last before mentioned, and particularly described (except as before excepted), shall be and remain, and the same are hereby given and granted, and shall be applied and appropriated for and to the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, and for the necessary Purposes relative thereto, and no other, freed and discharged of and from all Claim, Right, and

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 101

Title whatsoever of his Majesty, in Right of his Crown, his Heirs and Successors, for ever subject never-theless to the yearly Rent of hve Shillings, and no more, to be paid by the said Company to his Majesty and his Successors, in lieu of all Rents, Services, and Duties, whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective Ocevn:?nof the Occupiers, and Persons inhabiting, using, or carrying on any Trade or Business, in or about any such other other Buii<Hnr* Buildings or Erections, which, at the Time of patting this Act, shall be upon any Part of the said Ground l0h,u.£' belonging to his Majesty's said military Works, and hereby appropriated for the Purposes of this Act, p0!r^moaRe^ shall, and they, and every of them, are hereby severally and respectively strictly enjoined and required to surrender and relinqui(h the same, and peaceably and quietly to deliver up the Possession thereof to the said Company, or to such Person or Persons as they shall authorise to take Pott'ettion thereof: And in case any such Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall not deliver up such Pott'ettion as aforesaid, before the Expiration of three Calendar Months next after being thereunto required, by Notice, tinder the Seal of the said Company, left at the Premises respectively, or given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be so required to deliver up Pott'ettion, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to iflfue a Precept or Precepts, under their Seal, to the Sheriff of the said Town of Kingston upon Hall, to cause Pott'ettion of the respective Premises to be delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive Pott'ettion of the same; and also to direct the said Sheriff to levy such Cods as shall accrue by Means of the issuing and Execution of every such Precept, by Di ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall have refuseS or neglected to deliver up such Possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to oay the same Cods; and such Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession, and levy such Costs in Manner aforesaid.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That no Buildings shall be erected by the said Company on the Grounds No BniMingit» hereby granted^ except for the Convenience and Benefit of carrying on the said Works,'until after the be erected there. Bason and other Works herein-before mentioned shall be completed; and if it shall be then judged necessary to erefl any Buildings thereon, no such Building shall be erected nearer than forty Feet to the Scitc pieicd.COm* of the present old Wall.

XXI. And whereas it is necessary, that legal open Quays or Wharfs, and likewise 'the other Works If Works are not and Conveniences directed and authorised to be made and provided by the Company established by this completed in

Ad, should be built, made, and completed with Expedition ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Au- T,me'

thority aforesaid, That, at the Expiration of seven Years from the said thirty-first Day of December, one to"he

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or at any shorter Space of Time, when the said Bason and Crowo.

Works shall be declared by the said Company to be finished, the several Work3 then made and done by the said Company, by virtue and under the Direction of this Act, shall be surveyed and enquired into by

two able and experienced Engineers or Surveyors, one of whom shall be nominated and appointed by the Commissioners of his MajestyS Customs, under the Hands of any four or more of them, and the other by the said Company* under their Seal$ and if such Engineers or Surveyors shall, in any Case, differ in

Opinion, and shall declare the same in Writing, under their Hands, they shall immediately, by such

Writing, name some skilful Person to be the Umpire between them, who shall determine the Matter in

Dispute, and his Determination shall be final; and the said Engineers or Surveyors, with the Assistance of such Umpire, when necessary, shall make an Award, under their Hands and Seals, of the Progress that

shall then bave been had and taken in making the Quay or Wharf, Bason or Dock, and all other Work9

by this Act meant or intended to be built, made, provided, and done by the said Company; and if it shall appear to the said Engineers, or Surveyors, upon such Survey and Inquiry, that the said several Works and

Things, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not be completed, that then the said Engineers or Surveyors

shall describe, in Writing, under their Hands, to be delivered to the said Company, what Works shall

remain undone, or unfinished, that shall be necessary or requisite to be done and completed, within the

Intent and Meaning of this Act; all which Works the said Company are hereby directed and required to cause to be done, made, and completed, as soon thereafter as the several and respc<9ive Circumstances will

admit: And in case of Neglect or Failure therein, and upon the same being reported to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, under the Hands and Seals of two Engineers or Surveyors, to be nominated and

appointed in Manner herein-before mentioned, unless it dial I appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, that the said Works, or any Part or

Parrs thereof, shall not have been completed, through some unavoidable Accident, and likewise unless his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be graciously pleased to signify his Royal Content, that the Time for completing the said several Works shall be further continued and extended; that then, and in such Case,

all the Ground, and the several Works, Matters, and Things, and all other the Premises herein-before

granted, or intended to be granted, to the Company herein-before constituted, for the Uses and Purposes

herein-before mentioned, mall revert to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at King/lon upon Hull aforesaid, by the Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them for the Time being, to enter upon and take Possession of the same for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; any Thing herein-before contained, or any Grant thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company to Company shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, well and sufficiently repair, maintain, repair, *c. the support, and cleanse, the Bason or Dock, and the Quay or Wharf, and all other the Works, Matters, and ^rcn°1^ Things, by them to be made, built, and provided, by virtue of this Act.

[Company to make a Road from Beverley Gate to North Bridge.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company shall have Company to Power, and they are hereby authorised and required, to cause to be made, supported, and repaired, a Road T*1*0*4 (forty Feet wide at the lead, proper for the Passage of Cattle, Carriages, and Foot Passengers, to lead in

102 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Materials for Roads and paring the Quays, bow to be got.

Justices to determine all Disterentei.

Ground, Bason, &c. vested in the Company,

a

First Meeting of the Company,

Proviso,

such Manner, and in such Direction, as they shall think most convenient, from Beverley Gate aforesaid, on the North Side of the Dock hereby intended to be made, to the Bridge called the North Bridge, and from the same North Bridge, in such Direction likewise, and in such Manner, as to them shall seem most proper, into the Town of King jion upon Hull aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, and such Persons as shall be employed by them, are hereby empowered to dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, proper for the making or repairing of the said Roads, anu for paving the said Quays and Wharfs, out of, or from, any waste Ground or Common, without paying any Thing for the same; such Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks, where fych Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also the said Persons may, by Order of the said Company, learch for, dig, gather, take, and carry away* for any the Purposes aforesaid, Cobbles from any Part of the Sea Shore; and likewise all such other Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the Lands of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or an inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), paying or tendering Payment for the Privilege of taking such Cobbles, and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Grounds where or from whence any Materials shall be digged, gathered, taken, or carried away, or upon, over, or through which the same, or any other Materials so dug and gathered as aforesaid, shall be conveyed, such Equivalent in Money as the said Company shall adjudge reasonable: And in cale of any Difference between the said Company, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the Owners or Occupiers of private Lands or Property, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace, at their next General Quarter Sessions, or at the second General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden for the East Riding of the County of York, on ten Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall heaf, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties. '

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ground and Premises hereinbefore given and granted, and all Gates, Walls, Ditches, Ramparts, Bastions, IJridges, Bridgeways, Buildings, Erections, and other Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging or appertaining, subject to the Reversion herein-before limited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also all Basons or Docks, Reservoirs, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Buildings, and other Requisites, Roads, Ways, Matters, and Things, which shall be made, built, provided, or established by virtue 6r in pursuance of this Act (except such Quays or Wharfs, or other Works, as shall be made or erected by virtue of this Act, by any of the Proprietors of Staiths in the Haven of the said River Hull)y shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Dock Company, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring Actions, or to prefer Bills of Indictment, against any Person or Persons who shall damage or injure any of the Works t<? be made, erected, or established, by virtue of this Act (except as before excepted), or shall steal, or wrongfully take away any of the Stones, Iron, Utensils, or Materials, provided for or used therein, or for any other the Purposes of this Act, or who shall wilfully do, or suffer, or consent to any Things whereby Damage may accrue to the said Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Works, Matters, and Things, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, except as aforesaid; and that the like Remedies which are so given to the said Company, with respect to the Premises so vested in them, shall be, and are hereby given to, and may be pursued by the several Proprietors of the said Staiths, with respect to the Quays or Wharfs which shall be so made or erected by them; and all the Damages which shall be recovered by the said Company, by any such Suit or Prosecution, after deducting the Costs of Suit, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dock Company shall meet together in the Guildhall in Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, upon that Day Month next after the passing of this Act, whereof fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the Church of the Holy Trinity in the same Town, upon a Sunday immediately after divine Service, and in the York Courant, or some other publick Newspaper circulated in that Neighbourhood, and also fixed at the Exchange, or other publick Place in Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and that all subsequent Meetings of the said Company shall be held at such Time and Place, within the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, as shall, from Time to Time, be ascertained at the preceding Meeting, and shall be appointedf by a Notice to be signed, from Time to Time, by any three or more of the said Company, or their Clerk or Treasurer, and hxed at the said Exchange, or other publick Place, and delivered to or left at the usual or last Place of Abode of such of the said Company as shall be resident within the said Town, or the Liberties or Precincts thereof, three Days at the least before every such Meeting; and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Company shall be at Meetings held by virtue of this Act, and not otherwise; Provided always, That if it shall at any Time appear, to any seven or more of the said Company, that, for any the Purposes of this Act, a special Meeting of the said Company shall be necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for such seven or more of them to cause Notice to be given thereof in the said Church, in Manner aforesaid, and in the York Courant, or such other publick Newspapers as aforesaid, and by Notice in Writing affixed at the said Exchange, or other publick Place as aforesaid, declaring, in all such Notices, the Place within the said Town, and the Time when such Meeting shall be desired to be held, the Time not being less than six Days after such Notice given, and likewise specifying, in every such Notice, the Reason for, and Intention of, such Meetings respectively; and the said Company are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such Notices, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given them, with respect to the Matters so specified, and not otherwise; and all such Acts and Proceedings of the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 103

Clerk and Treasurer, after chosen, to give Security.

The Sum of 15:0001. granted out of the

Revenues of Customs, to be applied in Aid of the Works,

Company impowered to raisit Money amongst themselves.

Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share, by themselves or Proxies.

the said Company, at such Meetings, shall be valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done at Meetings in the Manner herein-before appointed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company shall, at their Clerk and Trea* first or some subsequent Meeting, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors; Receiver or Re- (xiTCT> after cho* ceivers, and a Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Purposes of this Act, taking such Security for the faithful glvc c*

Execution of their respective Offices as the said Company shall think fit; and out of the Money raised by cur virtue of this Act may pay or allow unto such Persons such Salaries or Recompence, yearly or otherwise, for their Trouble, as to the said Company shall seem meet and reasonable; and may revoke and countermand, alter and vary, such Nominations and Appointments, and Salaries or Recompence, and make others in their Stead, or not, as to them shall seem meet and proper; and that the Collector or Collectors, so to be appointed, shall have and enjoy a convenient Seat or Place in the Custom-house of the said Port of King/ton ubtn Hull, for the Execution of his and their Office.

XXVIII. And, in order to facilitate the Execution of the Works by this Act authorised and directed to The Sum of be done, and which will be beneficial to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs be it further enacted, That 15,000l. grant-there shall be issued and paid out of his Majesty's Customs, at the said Port of Kingston upon Hull, the full Revluc°f0fhc Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in Manner, and on the Conditions curto* to be following* that is so say, As soon as the said Company shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the said Com- applirdinAidof missioner9 of his Majesty's Customs for that Part of Great Britain called England, or any four or more of the Work*, them, that they the said Company have expended the full Sum of ten thousand Pounds towards making the said Bason or Dock, Reservoirs, Bridges, Roads, or other Works by this Act authorised or intended to be done) the said Commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall and may direct the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at the said Port of itingfton upon Hull% for the Time being, to pay to such Person or Persons as the said Company shall* under their Seal, authorise to receive the lame, out of any Monies that shall come to the Hands of such Collector for the Duty of Customs, the Sum of five thousand Pounds, as Part of the said Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds; and when it shall be proved to the Commissioners, or any four or more of them, that the said Company have expended in the Works aforesaid, or any of them, the, full Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, over and above the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, then the said Commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall, in Manner and Form aforesaid, direct the said Collector to pay, as aforesaid, the Sum of five thousand Pounds, in further Part of the said Sum of fifteen* thousand Pounds; and that when it shall be made appear to the said Commissioners, or any four or more of them, by the Report of two able and experienced Engineers or Surveyors, one of whom to be nominated* by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, under the Hands of any four or more of them, and the other by the said Dock Company, under their Seal, that the said Company have completed the said Works, the said Commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall, in Manner and Form aforesaid, direct the said Collector to pay, as aforesaid, the further Sum of five thousand Pounds, being in full of the faich Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds: And in case such Engineers or Surveyors shall differ in Opinion, and shall declare the same in Writing, under their Hands, they shall immediately, by such Writing, name some skilful Person to be the Umpire between them, who shall determine the Matter in Dispute, and his* Determination whether the said Works are fa completed shall be final and conclusive.

XXIX. And, for further enabling the said Company to carry on the necessary Works before mentioned. Company im- be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for them the said Dock Company powered to raise to raise and contribute amongst themselves a Sum of Money for that Purpose, provided that the said Sum Money am©n*ft so to be raised doth not exceed the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds in the Whole (except as herein after cmc vei* mentioned), and that the same be divided into Shares of five hundred Pounds each; and that no Person or Persons, Body Corporate and Politick, subscribing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor in such Works, shall become a Proprietor or Proprietors of less than one Share; and that the several Shares, when so subscribed, shall be, 2nd they are hereby vested in the Persons and Bodies Corporate and Politick herein-before described, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to their anth every of their proper Use and Behoof, in proportion to the Sum they and each of them mall severally and respectively subscribe and pay thereunto; and all and every the said Shares shall be deemed to be personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of real Property 5 and the said Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay in the Sum of five hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the Works aforesaid, shall be intitled to and receive, after the said Works shall be completed, the entire and net Distribution of one proportionable Part, according to the Sum so subscribed, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by virtue of the Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the Authority of this Act, and so in proportion for any greater Number of Shares; and each of the said Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, having such Property of one five hundred Pounds Share in the said Undertaking, and so in Proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay an adequate proportional Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Undertaking, in Manner herein after enacted and appointed.

XXX. And be it further enacted.determined by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, Bo- subscribers 10 Corporate and Politick, who shall, by virtue of this Act, have subscribed or undertaken for one five have a Vote fot hundred Pounds Share of\he said eighty thousand Pounds, shall be deemed a Proprietor or Proprietors for every share, by so much, and shall have a Vote in every publick Meeting to be held by the said Company by virtue of this thennfcive* or Act; which Vote may be given by the said respective Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, either by Proxic8* themselves or by their Proxy or Prokies (every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking), duly corstituted under the Seal of the /espective Bodies Corporate and Politick, and under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of all other Proprietors; and such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal or Principals had voted in Person; and any Person

104 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

If a sufficient Number of the Company do not attend the Meeting to adjourn.

Additional Sum of So.ooool. to be raised, if at-ceflarjr.

Rates may be assigned for Payment.

son or Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, who shall have one or more such Share or Shares, shall have Liberty, by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, regularly constituted as aforesaid, to give one Vote for each such Share, not exceeding ten such Shares for each such Body Corporate and Politick, and not exceeding two such Shares for any one other Proprietor; and whatever Question, Matter, or Thing, shall be proposed, di feu fled, or considered, in any publick Meeting of the said Company, to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing one Vote for every Share to the Extent aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, That if at any publick Meeting of the said Company there shall not be present, either as Principals or Proxies, Proprietors of forty-one Shares, then the said Meeting shall be deemed to be adjourned to that Day Sevennight, at the same Place where such Meeting was appointed to b$ held.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, herein-before authorised to be raised, shall not be raised as aforesaid, or shall be found inefficient for the making and completing the said Bafonor Dock, and Quay or Wharf adjoining thereto, Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other the Works hereby authorised to be made, and for all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereunto; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, such Sum or Sums of Money as ilia)! be sufficient to make up the said Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, so to be raised as aforesaid, and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, for completing and perfecting the said Works; and the said Company are hereby fully authorised and impowered to amgn over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates and Duties), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance the same, by the following Words of Alignment, or by any other Words to the same Effectj videlicet:

Form of

'BY virtue of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, 4 fi for making and establishing lawful Quays or Wharfs in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and other Purposes We the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull, in consideration of the Sum of c of lawful British Money to us in Hand paid by do assign unto the said his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, all and

*Angular the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said Act, and also all the Edate, Right, Title, and Intered, of the said Company, of, in, and unto the same, to hold unto the said his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, until the said Sum of 1 together with the Intered for the same, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum shall be repaid/

And all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, to whom such Assignment or Assignments shall be made, shall be equally intitled to their Proportion of the said Rates and Duties, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof, with the Intered as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied for making, completing, and maintaining, the said Bason or Dock, Quay or Wharf adjoining thereto, Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other Works authorised by this Act, and in carrying the same, and the several Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, herein contained, into effectual Execution.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Entries or Memorials of every

MQok»€K W Assignment or Assignrr.ents, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money borrowed, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company; Which said Book or Books shall and may be perused, at all seasonable Times, by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, or other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and that all and every Person and Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, to whom any such Assignment or Assign-menrs shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereoy secured, may, from Time to Time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the said Principal and Interest Money thereby A cured, to any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick whatsoever, by h»-dorfing on the Back of such Security, before one credible Witness, the following Words, or Words to the like EffuSt 5 videlicet:

Form of Trans* kr.

'I Do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money hereby secured, 4 JL and to all the Interest now due, or hereafter to be due, unto C.D. his, her, or their Executors, 4 Administrators, Successors, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

'Witness £. F. A. Bd

Which Transfer shall, within twenty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred in the said Book or Books, to be kept for the entering the said original Assignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling; and after such Entry made, but not until then, every such Assignment shall intitle such Affi;nee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may assign again, and loties quolies; but in case any Sum so assigned shall not exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons intitled tofoch Assignment respectively, by an Indorsement

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5. 105

The Mayor and Burgesses, &c, authorised to purchase Share* in the Work* made by this Act\.

The Charrer Hou e to h< 11 two Shares, and the Corpora* »r (is 10 Shares each.

Company may

irakeCalls j tut at Four Month*. DiAai.ee at least.

iribirt'of his, hfcr, or their proper Ndmes, without Witness, to transfer his, her? or their Property in such Assignment to any other Person or Persons, without an Entry to be made thereof in the said Book or Books y and all such aft-mentioned Transfers or Alignments shall intitle such Assignee^ his, her. and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignfce may, in like Mariner, assign or transfer the same again, and tones quoties; and it shall not be in the rower of any such Person or Persons, who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest; of the Money The Interest of which shall be borrowed by Mortgage of the Rates or Duties as aforesaid shall be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties intitle^ thereto, in Preference of any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this yearly.1*1 Act to the said Company, or arty of them, and shall, from Time to Time, be fully paid and discharged, or

Srovided for, before the y^krly ot other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, tall‘be'paid, ritade, or divided.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hulf the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots,

Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hulf and the Matter, Brethren, and Sifters of the House or Hospital, nigh Kingston upon Hull, called God's House of Hull, and they the said three Bodies Corporate and Politick are hereby, each of them, severally and respectively fully authorised, enabled, and impowered, with the Money or Efffc&s belonging to such respective Corporations, to become Subscribers to or to purchase Shares in the Undertaking established by this Act, on account of and for the Benefit of their respective Corporations; any Ordinance, Statute, Law, Charter, Grant, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Matter, Brethren, and Sifters of the House or Hospital, nigh Kingston upon Hull, called God's House of Hull, shall be, and they are hereby declared incapable of holding or being possessed of more than two such Shares, and the said other two Bodies Corporate and Politick shall be, and they are hereby declared incapable of holding, or being possessed of, more than ten such Shares each, at one and the same Time, except such respective Shares shall come by Gift or Bequest; and that no Person or Persons, Body Corporate and Politick, who shall purchase any such Share or Shares, shall be admitted to vote for the same, either by themselves or Proxy, until such Person or Persons, Body Corporate and Politick, shall have been in Possession of such purchased Share or Shares for the full Term of six Calendar Months.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company shall have Power, from Time to Time, to call for, audit, and settle, all Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed for the Purposes of this Act with the Receivers and other Officers and Persons employed under the Authority of this Act; and to make such Call or CalU of Money from the Proprietors of Shares, to defray the Expences of, or carry on, the Works authorised or directed by this Act to be done by the said Company, as they, from Tilne to Time, shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes; so that no Call do exceed the Sum of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds, and so as no Call to that Amount be made but at the Distance of four Calendar Months at the lead from each other; which Money, so called for, shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Company shall, from Time to Time, appoint or direct, for the Use of the said Undertaking; and every the Owner or Owners of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Shares or Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose of which two Calendar Months Notice at lead shall be given, by publishing the same in the said Church of the Holy Trinity in the said Town, and by Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Exchange, or other publick Place, in the said Town, and by publishing the same in the York Courant> or other Newspaper as aforesaid: And if any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, shall neglect or refuse to pay their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Company, the Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, so neglecting or re-fuhng, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds of their respective Share and Shares,

Parts and Interests, in the said Undertaking and Premises: And in case such Person or Persons, Body Corporate and Politick, shall neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid for the Space of two Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, as aforesaid, then the Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, so neglecting, shall forfeit his, her, and their respective Shares, Parts, and Interests, in the said Undertaking and Premises, to be recovered by an Action at Law, to be brought in the Name of the said Company, against the Party or Parties so neglecting, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns; all which Forfeitures shall go to the rest of the Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Trust for, and for the Benefit of, all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Share or Shares till after Notice in Writing shall have been left with some Officer of the respective Corporation, or personal Notice to the Owner, or Notice in Writing left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some Meeting of the said Company, to be held within six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor and Proprietors so forfeiting, against all Action and Actions,

Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract, or other Agreement, betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting and the rest: of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said Works.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any such Share or Shares shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced

Persons omitting to pay theft Proportions to forfeit 51. per Cent,

and if for twff Months, the Shares to be for* feited.

No Share to be

deemed forfeited till after six Months Notice given to the Person concerned.

When Subfcn-bet $ die before their Share* be

106 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

completed, Executors may complete the Payment.

on each Share, which he, she, or they, shall have been possessed of or intitled to, without having made SSTSy—I Prov^on by Writing, or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and the Money paid in went. ay* upon Calk for the future; then, and in such Case, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner

dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant, or other Person or Persons

whatsoever, intitled to the Estate or Effects of such Owner deceased, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, or other Persons whatsoever, for paying any Sum of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription: And if such Owner deceased shall not have left Affcta sufficient, or in case the Executor, Administrator, Trustee, or Guardian, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be, and are hereby impowered, authorised, and required,' to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such Owner deceased, on Condition that he, she, or they, so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner, or the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant, or others, intitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall hav e been paid by such Owner in his or her Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for.

Pew Shire*

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the several Propri-.

b tc^irppfeJ etors of any such Share or Shares, to sell and dispose thereof, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein

rietori ' mentioned; and any Purchaser or Purchasers shall, for his, her, or their Security, as well as that of such.

f Proprietor or Proprietors, have a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed of Assignment or Conveyance made unto him, her, or them, and executed by such Person or Persons, of whom he, she, or they, shall purchase the same, and also by the Purchaser or Purchasers; one Part whereof, duly executed both by the Seller and Purchaser, shall be delivered to the Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, to be filed, and kept for the Use of the said Company, and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose, for which no more than one Shilling shall be paid; and the said Cleric, is hereby required to make such Entry accordingly; and until such Duplicate of such Deed shall be so delivered unto the said Clerk, and filed and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said. Undertaking, or Money raised by virtue of this Act, or any Interest for such Share, or any Vote as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Shares shall be fold, assigned, % and transferred, in the Form, or to the Effect following; to wit9

Form of the Sale 4 T A. R. in consideration of paid to me by C.D. do hereby bargain, fell,

and Transfer. J[ assign, and transfer, to the said C D. his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, Shares (as the Case is) in the Undertaking for making a Bason or Dock, Key or

Wharf, Reservoir, and other Works, in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, to hold to him the said C. D.

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the fameCon- ditions, that I held thedame immediately before the Execution hereof; and the said C.D. do hereby agree to accept thereof, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Conditions.

4 Witness our Hands and Seals the Day of in the Year of our Lord

Aftn Dee. y>

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in consideration of the great Charges 1774, Company and Expences which the making, building, erecting, and providing, such Bason or Dock, Quay or Wharf, may take Rats Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and Works, and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping, the-lor Shipping. fame in Repair for the future, will amount unto, there shall be payable, and paid, from and after the said thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the said Company, or to Ship* of War, their Collectors or Deputies, for their Use, for every Ship or Vessel (the King's Ships of War, and other

*c. excreted. Ships and Vessels employed in his Majesty's Service, only excepted) coming into or going out of the said Harbour, Bason, or Docks, within the Port of Kingston upon Hull, or unlading or putting on Shore, or lading or taking on board, any of their Cargo, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, within the said Port, by the JVlafter or Commander, Owner or Owners, of every such Ship or Velfe], the several Rates or Duties of 7 onage (according to the full of the Reach and Burthen) hereafter particularly rated and deferred; (that is to say)

The Rite*. For every Ship or Vessel coming to or going between the Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Port to the

Northward of Yarmouth, in Norfolk, or any Port to the Southward of the Holy Island, for every Ton*

Twopence.

For every Ship or Vessel coming to or going between the Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Port or Place between the North Foreland and Shetland, on the East Side of England, except as above, for every Ton, the Sum of Three-pence.

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon Hull and any other Port or Place. in Great Britain, not before described, for every Ton, the Sum of Six-pence.

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Port or Place in the Babich Seas, and all other Ports or Places above the Sound9 for every Ton, the Sum of one Shilling and Three-pence.

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Port or Place in Denmark, Sweden, or Norway, below Elftnure, or any Port or Place in Germany, Bio land, Flanders, France, to the Eastward of Vjhant9 Ireland, the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for every Eon, the Sum of Ten-pence.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 56. 107

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon Hull and any Island or Port or Place of Europe to the Westward of Ushant, without the Streights of Gibraltar, for every Ton, the Sum of one Shilling and Three pence.

For every Ship or Vessel trading between the said Port of Kingston upon HulU and every Port or Place in the West Indies, North or South America, Africa, Greenland, or any Place to the Eastward of the North Cape of Norway, all Places within the Streights of Gibraltar, and all Islands and Places in the Ocean to the Southward of Cape Saint Vincent^ not herein-before named, for every Ton, the Sum of one Shilling and Nine-pence.

For every foreign Ship or Vessel coming to or going (with Merchandise) from any of the above-named Ports or Places, Double the Rates, Tonage, or Duties, above-mentioned, unless the said Ships belong. to British Owners.

For every Ship or Vessel failing Coastwise or otherways, and coming into the said Haven in Ballad to belaid up, for every Ton (Coafhng-duty included), the Sum of Six-pence.

Which Rates or Duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said Dock Company as their own proper Rates vested m Monies, and to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall be paid at the Company, the Time of such Ships or Vessels Entry inwards, or Clearance or Discharge outwards; or, in cale any Ships or Vessels shall not enter as aforesaid, then, at any Time before such Ships or Vessels shall proceed from the said Port, at the Custom-house in the said Port; so as no Ship or Vessel shall be subject or liable to the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, more than once for the same Voyage, both Out and Home, notwithstanding such Ship or Vessel may go out and return with a Loading of Goods or Merchandise.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this *wP ,»*f Act shall extend to charge any Ship or Vessel with the Rates or Duties aforesaid which shall be forced Enemy

into the said Port by the Enemy, or by receiving Damage at Sea, or otherwise, and shall in the said Port &c. nottobeh*. discharge or unlade in order to repair any Damage sustained by such Ship or Vessel, and shall relade blctoRucu the Goods and Merchandises so discharged or unladen, unlef3 such Ship or Vessel make use of the said Dock or Bason.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend to CoastingVvtrel* charge any Ship or Vessel with the Rates or Duties aforesaid, or any Part thereof, which shall come or oot»opayr«n-

Coastwise, from or to any Port or Place in Great Britain, to or from any Place up the Rivers Trent or Jest lh«> £omc

uze9 within the Limits of the Port of Hull9 as now used, or to or from any other Place up the said lnt0 the Bason, Rivers Trent or Ouxe9 or any other River which falls into the said Rivers, or either of them, or which shall trade between any such rort or Place in Great Britain and any such Place as aforesaid, within or up the said Rivers, or either of them, unless such Ship or Vessel shall come into or go out of the said Bason or Dock, or any Part of the said Harbour or Haven called Hull Haven; or shall use the said Bason or Dock, or Quays, within the said Harbour; or shall unlade or put on Shore, or lade or take on Board, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel, within any Part of the River Humber; or to charge with the said Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, any such Coasting Ship or Vessel which shall go into, or by the Officers of the Customs be called into, the said Harbour or Haven, for the sole Purpose of being entered or cleared at the Customhouse there.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchan- wiurf*;e dise, which shall be landed or discharged upon any of the Quays or Wharfs which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to pay, and shall be charged and chargeable with the like Rates of Wharfage and Payments as are usually taken or received for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, loaded or discharged upon any Quays or Wharfs in the Port of London, and shall be paid to the respective Company, and Owners of the said Quays or Wharfs so to be erected as aforesaid, in like Manner as the Rates and Duties established by this Act are hereby directed to be paid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships and Vessels trading or How Vessels coming to or from the said Port, or to or from any of the Ports and Places before mentioned, and liable to the Payment of the Rates or Duties of Tonage by this Act imposed, shall be measured in Manner fol- *urc lowing; (that is to say,) The Length shall be taken on a straight Line, along the Rabbet of the Keel of the Ship, from the Back of the Main Stern Post to a perpendicular Line from the Fore Part of the Main Stem under the Bowsprit, from which fubtrading three-fifths of the Breadth, the Remainder shall be efieemed the just Length of the Keel, to find the onnage; and the Breadth shall be taken from the Out-fide of the Outside Plank, in the broadest Place of the Ship, be it either above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all Manner of doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship; then multiplying the length of the Keel by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by half the Breadth, and dividing the Whole by ninety-four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonage; according to which Rule the Tonage of all such Ships and Vessels shall be measured and ascertained. and the several Rates or Duties of Tonage shall thereby be computed and collected accordingly; any Custom,

Fradice, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Col- persons «u?fco, lector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons authorised or deputed for that Purpose by the said rifed to go on Company, to go on Board any Ship or Vessel within the said Port, to take the Dimensions of such Ship Boardtomci-or Vessel in the Manner herein-before directed, and to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or sure*

Duties of Tonage, by this Act directed to be Daid for such Ship or Vessel; and upon Non-payment there- and collcathe of, such Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, shall and may seize and distrain every such Ship or Duties. Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the lame detain and keep, until the Rates or Duties due or payable on account thereof, and all Charges incurred by

108 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Penalty on Persons refuting Admeasuresment, preluding Payment of Duties.

Customer not to discharge any Vessel till Duties are paid.

Comptay way JefTcn the Duties, and raise *bc» again.

Part of the Tonage Rate! to be repaid the ftfa&ers of Ships,

ollcfors and Treasureis to keep fair Accounts,

*nd produce f heir Vouchers, on Penalty of 201.

Compiny's animal Meeting.

such Seizure and Distress, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and in case of Neglect or Delay in making such Payment foi* the Space of three Days after any such Distress or Distresses shall be taken as aforesaid, that then it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any of them, to cause such Distress or Distresses to be appraised by two or more sufficient Persons not interested therein, to be appointed by the said Company, and afterwards to sell the same, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and concerning the said Rates or Duties of Tonage so neglected or delayed to be paid, for which a Distress shall have been taken as aforesaid, as for his or their reasonable Charges and Expences in the taking and detaining such Distress or Distresses, and felling the same, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel* in or from which such Distress or Distresses.shall be so taken.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander, or other Person taking upon himself the Command, or appearing to be Matter or Commander, or any Owner, Factor, or Consignee of any Ship or Vessel, shall at any Time refuse to have his Ship or Vessel measured as aforesaid, or shall elude or evade the Payment of any Rates or Duties hereby granted, by any Method whatsoever; every Master, Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company the Sum of ten Pounds, and shall also (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties.

XLIX. And, to the Intent that the said Rates or Duties may be duly answered and paid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Customer, Collector, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, or Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning the Customs of the said Port of Kmgjion upon Hull, shall hereafter give or make out any Coquet, or other Discharge, or take any Report Outwards, for any Ship or Vessel trading or coming to the said Port, until the Rates, Duties, and Payments hereby granted or payable, by the Master or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, shall be paid unto the respective Collectors or Officers appointed to receive the same as aforesaid; and that such Master or Masters, or other Persons taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall produce an Acquittance, under the Hand of such Collector cr Officer* testifying the Receipt thereof; which Receipt such Collector, or other Officer, is hereby required to give without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of Forfeiture of twenty Pounds to the said Company; and that every* Customer, Collector, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of or concerning the said Customs, making Default in any of the Matters enjoined them by this Act, shall forfeit to the said Company the like Sum of twenty Pounds; both which Sums, together with the Costs of Suit, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Protection, shall be allowed.

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That iC shall be lawful for the said Company, at any Time or Times, upon examining and inspecting the Accounts to be kept of, for, or concerning the said Bason or Dock, Quay or Wharf, Reservoirs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other Works and Conveniencies to be made, erected, and maintained by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, to lessen, lower, diminish, or reduce the Rates and Duties of Tonage hereby granted and made payable, or any of them, and also to advance and raise the same again, in such Manner as to them shall from Time to Time seem meet and expedient, so as the said Rates or Duties, when so advanced and raised again, do not exceed the Rates or Duties herein before granted 5 and the Rates or Duties so lessened or reduced, shall and may, from Time to Time, be collected, received, or recovered, by such Ways and Means as the original Rates or Duties hereby granted are authorised to be collected, received, or recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates or Duties of Tonage to be collected from Ships or Vessels as aforesaid (except only such Ships or Vessels as shall pass Coastwise, and be called Coajling VeJJeh)y shall be deemed and taken to be a Port Charge, and two-third Parts thereof shall be repaid to the Matter, Owner, or Ship's Husband, of such Ship or Vessel, by the Merchant or Freighter, Merchants or Freighters, or by his or their Agent or Agents, or by the Shipper or Shippers* Receiver or Receivers, of such Goods as may be taken on Board of any Ship or Vessel liable to the said Rates or Duties of Tonage, in case such Ship or Vessel hath a complete Loading, but if not, then only such a Part of the said two-thirds as the Tonage of the Goods on Board bears in Proportion to the said Ship's complete Loading; and in case of Refusal to repay such Rates and Duties, or such a Proportion thereof as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Action at Law, as in other Cases of Debt.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Collectors, Receivers, and Treasurers, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, keep fair and regular Accounts of all the Monies to be received by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act* and also of the Monies from Time to Time to be issued, paid, and applied out of the same, expressing therein the Time when, and the Name of the Person or Persons from or to whom, all such Monies are or shall be received, issued, paid, and applied respectively; and also shall, from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Company, upon giving ten Days Notice, to be left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such respective Collector, Receiver, or Treasurer, attend the said Company, at such Time and Place, after the said ten Days, as shall for that Purpose be appointed, and then and there produce to the said Company all such Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, concerning and relating to such Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, as the said Company shall order, direct, or appoint to be produced; and in case any such Collector, Receiver, or Treasurer, shall, upon such Notice given, neglect or refuse to attend, and produce such Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, as aforesaid, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Company the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dock Company shall hold a General annual Meeting in the Guildhall of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, on the Second Day

C.-5& *0$

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. 109

of February in every Year, except when such Day shall be Sunday, and in such Case on the Day following; at which General annual Meeting the said Company shall call for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed, in the preceding Year, by virtue and for the Purpose of this Act; and shall thereupon set down, ascertainx fix, and declare, whether any and what Dividend- shall be made from the Money which shall have arisen by virtue of this Act in the preceding Year amongst the Proprietors of Shares in the Undertaking authorised and established by this Act; and the Treasurer to the Treasurer to said Company shall, within two Calendar Months after every such annual Meeting, draw out a general draw out a gene. Account, in Writings of all the Receipts and Disbursements, as the same were at such Meeting settled and ral an"iul Ac* allowed, and of the Dividend then declared and fixed, and shall cause the same Account to be printed; count> and shall, upon Request, deliver a printed Copy thereof to the several Subscribers, or Persons intitled to which ftull be Dividend; the Expence of printing whereof shall be paid and allowed out of the Money arising by virtue printed, and dc* of this Act; and in case such Treasurer shall neglect, omit, or refuse to make out, or print, such Ac- leered to the count, or shall not deliver the same upon such Request as aforesaid, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit to Sub cnberi, oa the said Company the Sum of Ten Pounds. cn* *0 lo '

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company shall, and they are Commissioner# hereby authorised and required, at their first Meeting, or at some subsequent Meeting, as soon afterwards *PP0lalc<*-as conveniently maybe, and in like Manner annually afterwards, at a Meeting on the Twenty-fifth Day of March* but if on a Sunday, then the Day following, to chuse, by Ballot, nine Persons from amongst themselves; and that they the said Company shall likewise, at such respective Meeting, under their Seal, nominate and appoint six Inhabitants of the said Town, not being Members of the said Company, or of either of the said Corporations; which fifteen Persons, together with the Mayor of the said Town for the Time being; two of the Aldermen of the said Town, to be chosen and appointed by the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town, or the major Part of them, in Council assembled; the acting Warden of the said Guild or Brotherhood for the Time being; and one elder Brother and one Affifbnn of the said Guild or Brotherhood, to be chosen and appointed by the Guild or Brotherhood; shall be Commissioners for the several Purposes herein after mentioned; and each Commissioner, to be chosen by virtue of this Act, shall continue in the Office of Commissioner, until the twenty-fifth Day of March next after his being so chosen or appointed, and until another shall be chosen in his Stead.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the nine Commissioners, so NewCommil* to be chosen by Ballot, or if any of the fix Commissioners so to be appointed by the said Company, ^tob€ shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which they shall be respectively chosen, die, or remove, from the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, or refuse to act, or shall become an Alderman or elder Brother, or Assistant of the said Guild or Brotherhood; then, and in every such Case respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, within one Calendar Month next after such Death, Removal, or Refusal to act, or Appointment, as aforesaid, shall be known, to chuse or appoint, by the respective Methods aforesaid, a Commissioner, in the Room and Stead of each Commissioner who shall have been chosen by Ballot, or appointed as aforesaid, and so dying, removing, or refusing to act, or being chosen Alderman, or Member of the said Guild or Brotherhood as aforesaid; and that upon the Death, Removal, or Refusal to act, of any of the said Commissioners, to be appointed by the said Corporations respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen, and for the said Guild or Brotherhood, or the major Part of them respectively, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, within one Calendar Month after such Death, Removal, or Refusal to act, shall be known, by a Writing, under their common Seal respectively, to nominate and appoint another Person of such of the said Bodies, to which the Commissioners so dying, removing, or refusing to act, shall belong, in the Room of such Commissioner last mentioned; and every such new Commissioner shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person in whose Stead such new Commissioner shall be so chosen was veiled with.

LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Bason or Dock Master, or Dock Master,>. any other Officer authorised or appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby &c. incapable declared to be incapable of acting as a Member of the said Dock Company, or as a Commissioner under this Act, whilst he and they shall remain in their respective Office. he^afoiiin

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any office, thirteen or more of them, shall meet together for the first Time in the Guildhall in Kingston upon Hull Time and Pi act -aforesaid, upon the first Monday after their Appointment, between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and of Commission- Two in the Afternoon, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers aid Authorities by this Act given to CT* MceU0* and vested in them, and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the same Place, or at such other Place within the said Town, as they, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think fit, for the like Purposes; and if at any such Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners tonft, or in case the Commissioners at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themselves; then, and from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, they shall be deemed adjourned to that Day Sevennight, at the Place where such Meeting was appointed to be held; and the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, moreover, and they are hereby directed to assemble themselves in the said Guildhall, for the Purposes of this Act, upon the first Wednesday in every Month 5 and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners shall be made at Meetings held by virtue of this Act, and not otherwise; and that no such Order or Determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting but by Order of the Majority of thirteen Commissioners then present.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commidtonei* thirteen or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Tim % as to make Can* Occasion shall be, to enter into Contrails, in Writing, and make Bargains with, and give Directions tr*a, V to, proper Artificers, Handicraftmen, and other Workmen, for the Performance and due Execution of the Works which shall, from Time to Time, be directed by the said Company to be done and performed

110 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Commissioners may compound Penalties of Contracts.

Commissioners to appoint Watchmen! lec.

Commissioners to make Byc-laws.

Bye-lawt fob-jest to the Controul of the Company. Company may inspect the Bye-laws,

and alrer or J*;uiul them.

by virtue and in pursuance of this Act 5 every such Contrail to specify the Several Works to be done, the

Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when or within which the said Works are to be completed, and the Forfeitures or Penalties to be borne or suffered for the Non-performance thereof; and being signed by thirteen or more of the said Commissioners, and by the Person or Persons con trailing tm perform such Works, shall be valid and effectual in the Law, and carried into Execution, and the Performance thereof shall and may be enforced by Action at Law, or other wise, by and in the Name or Names, and at the Suit of, or against the Commissioners for the Time being, and the Contraitor or Contractors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, according to the Tenor and true Meaning thereof; and in all Cases where any pecuniary Penalties shall be recovered of and from any Contractor or Contractors, the same shall be paid to the Treasurer appointed by virtue of this Act, and applied for the Purposes of carrying on the Works directed by this Act.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall have been brought for any Penalty or Penalties, on account of any Breach or Non-performance.of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper, so as the Sum to compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesauL That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall find it expedient, to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Watchmen, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall find necessary, for the Performance, due Ordering, and Preservation of the Works to be carried on, built, or provided, under the Powers of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove them, or any of them, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Room of such as shall die, or be incapable of performing their Office; and shall and may appoint all such Clerks, Watchmen, and others so employed, such reasonable Salaries and Allowances, as they the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper; which Salaries and Allowances shall be paid by the said Company.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the good Government of the said Commissioners, and of all Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, Workmen, Watchmen, Lightermen, Labourers, and others, appointed or employed under or by virtue of this Act, and for the better regulating, governing, managing, and using, the several Works, Matters, and Things, by this Act authorised and directed to be made, done, and performed, as well whilst the same are doing, as after they shall be finished and completed; and for the more safe and convenient shipping and lading, landing and discharging, carrying and conveying, laying and depositing, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, upon, to or from the said Quays or Whaifs, and for the better governing and regulating Porters,*Carters, and Carmen, and others, carrying Goods, or using or driving Horses, Trucks, Carts, Sledges, Waggons, Drays, or other Carriages, for conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, to or from the said Quays or Wharfs, and for preventing Damage being done to any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, determined by the issuing of Water through Spouts from Houses or Buildings; and also, from Time to Time, as they shall see occasion, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders* and Bye-laws, as to them the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall seem meet, fitting, and requisite; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding forty Shillings, for the Non-observance, Non-performance, or other Breach of all or any such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, or any Part of them; and also to make such other Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as shall be necessary or expedient for the due Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed, and distributed in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and affixed upon or near to some publick and conspicuous Part of each Quay or Wharf, and upon some other publick and conspicuous Places in the said Town; and all such Penalties shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor, or any Alderman, of the said Town of Kingston upon HuU% and applied to the Uft of the said Company, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person whose Goods or Chattels shall be so distrained; and in case no fumcient Distress can be found, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, or such Aldermen, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction for the said Town, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month.

LXII. Provided always, That the Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, so to be made by the said Commissioners, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject to the Inspection and Controul of the said Company, in Manner herein after mentioned.

LXIII. Provided always nevertheless. That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time to Time, when they shall think proper, at a Meeting assembled for that Purpose of which fourteen Days Notice shall be previously given, in like Manner as other Notices of their Meetings are herein directed to be given, to inspect and connder the Bye-laws made by the said Commissioners; and, if they shall see fit, to annul or alter any of them, or to make others, for any the Purposes of this Act, or for regulating the Elections of Commissioners, or for reducing the Quorum of Commissioners to any Number not less than seven (which Quorum, when so reduced, shall have the like Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or any thirteen of them, are hereby inverted with); and the Bye-laws so altered or made by the said Company, shall be put into Writing, and may from Time to Time, be varied, altered, or repealed, and others made in their Stead, at a Meeting of the said Company, to be held as aforesaid, but not by the said Commissioners, or otherwise; and all such

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 56. 111

Bye-laws as shall be made or constituted by the said Company shall, when signed by them, be binding to, and observed by, all Parties; and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the same.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Ltmpstobe Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, to appoint Lamps to be erected at the moil convenient Mgkteil.

Places upon or near the Quays or Wharfs, and cause the same to be lighted in the Afternoon of every Day, at such Hour or Hours as they the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall direct and appoint, from and after the first Day of October in each Year to the first Day of April immediately following, or at any such other Times, and in such other Manner, as they the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think fit and proper.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall steal. Penalty on deal, take away, or wilfully break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps that shall be set up by virtue inB°r breaks* of this Adf, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Iron or other LlDQP,# Furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also to and for any other Person or Persons to affiit in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before any one of the Justices of the Peace of the said Town of Kirtg/lon upon Hull\ and that such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who lnall appear, or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and that, if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession*. or by the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses, as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for each Lamp so broke, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light so extinguished, as aforesaid, and, moreover, shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and that in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said Town, for the Space of two Calendar Months; and that such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Per- Persons arci-fons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage, any of the said Lamps, so to be set dcnta,1> b'cak* up as aforesaid, or the Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make [ogm°/kpsTfr-Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any one £aion on Del of the Justices of the said Town for the Time being, upon Complaint to him made by any one or more mand. credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage, as aforesaid; and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or upon the Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and, in case of Neelect or Refusal of the said Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, as awarded, within ten Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels; the Surplus (if any be), arising by such Sale, to be paid to him, her, or them, when demanded.

[Trinity House to appoint a Dock Master.]

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, and they are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Dock and Haven Master, together with proper Assistants, with full Power and Authority to direct the mooring or removing of all Ships and Vessels coming into, lying, or being in the said Bason or Dock, or elsewhere, within the said Port or Haven: And in case the Owner, Mailer, Servant, re-

or other Person having the Care of any such Ship or Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor or remove the fufio* to moor fame, according to such Direction, within twelve Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or or Vtf* left on Board the said Ship or Vetlei for that Purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the said Dock and ,el‘* ,of, clt40* Haven Mailer, or his Alhltant or Allillants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Ex peaces thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with the Sum of forty Shillings for each Offence, by the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Dock and Haven Master, in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by such Ways and Means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; and the said Penalty, when recovered, fho 11 be paid over to the Use of the said Company: And in case any Master, Com- i«cnf*nyMaf-mander. Mate, or other Person or Persons taking the Command of any Ship or Vessel, or the Owner, tc*> oMlruct Agent, Consignee, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the Mooring or Re-

moval of any Ship or Vessel, such Person and Persons shall, for evtry such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten veir<l, he for* Pounds; to be recovered and applied as the Penalty last above mentioned. feitsioi.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the Time that the first Sufferance Quay Mooring of or Wharf shall be erected or built, no more than three Ships or two-masted Vessels using the Sea, except s»bip«or Vessels the same shall respectively he under the Burthen of seventy-five Tons, shall lie in the same Tier, within w,th,n *he the said Haven, for more than two Tides; and in case any such Ship or Vessel above the said Number of refiu*

three Ships or Vessels, except as aforesaid, shall lie in the same Tier, within the said Haven, the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Tide that such Ship or Vessel shall lie in such Manner, within the said Haven, for more than two Tides; and if, after Complaint in Writing shall be made by any Person to the said Dock and Haven Master, such Ship or Vessel

112 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

shall be suffered to lie in the same Tier above the said Number of three Ships or Vessels, within the said Haven as before mentioned, except as aforesaid, the said Dock and Haven Matter shall likewise forfeit and piy the Sum of five Pounds for every Tide that such Ship or Vessel shall be so frittered to lie above two Tides after such Complaint shall be made to the said Dock and Haven Mailer.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That from and after such Time that the first Sufferance Quay IUe to tVc°Itttce or ^arf be erected or built, no more than three Ships or two-matted Vessels, of any Burthen tobc regnlited, whatsoever, using the Sea, shall lie at one Time in that Part of the said Haven opposite to the Jettee called 'Chapel Lane Jettee, or opposite to the Staith or Warehouse, now in the Occupation of John Stephenfony adjoining to a Staith called Shields Staith: And if any Ship or two-matted Vessel, over and above the Number of three, shall lie at one Time in that Part of the Haven above mentioned, the Matter or Owner-of such Ship or Vessel so lying, and the Dock and Haven Matter frittering such Ship or Vessel lb to lie, after Complaint to him made in Writing by any Person, shall respectively be subject to the same Penalties as herein-before prescribed, in relation to any Ship or Vessel lying in the same Tier above the Number of three, in any Part of the said Haven.

The Guild may remove the Dock and Haven Master.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Guild remove the Dock or Brotherhood, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to remove the said Dock and Haven Matter, or his Assistant or Assistants, from their Office, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of such as shall die, resign, or be incapable of performing their Office: And in case the Dock and Haven Matter, and his Assistant or Assistants for the Time being, shall not, in mooring or removing of Ships or Vessels, acte with that due Impartiality which the Nature of their Office shall require, or shall otherwise misbehave themselves in their Office, and Complaint shall be thereof made in Writing to the said Guild or Brotherhood by the Person thinking himself aggrieved, or his Agent, the said Guild or Brotherhood shall and may enquire into the Matter of Complaint, and, upon Proof of the Offence complained of, and that no proper Satisfaction has been made or tendered for the same, shall and may subject the Offender to a Penalty, not exceeding five Pounds for one Offence; or shall, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, discharge the Offender from his Office of Dock and Haven Matter, or Assistant, as the Case may be, and shall, within fourteen Days then after, appoint another Person in his Room; and the Person so discharged shall be for ever afterwards incapable of being again appointed to the Office of Dock and Haven Matter, or Assistant, except by Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them: And in case the said Guild or Brotherhood shall, for the Space of fourteen Days, refuse or neglect to hear any such Complaint, or shall not grant proper Redress, according to the true Intent or Meaning of this Act, that then the Person aggrieved may appeal ^4Day«, Persons to said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, at their next or some subsequent Meeting, appeaUo th7 within fourteen Days then after, who are impowered and required to examine the Matter of Complaint, "Commissioners and to determine the same, and make such Orders therein, as the said Guild or Brotherhood might have done, both with respect to punishing the Offenders and appointing others to succeed them, aoo!. prr An-

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer to the said Corn*

huti to be paid pany shall, and he is hereby required to pay annually, to the said Guild or Brotherhood, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be by them applied as Salaries and Allowances to the Dock and Haven Matter, and his Assistant or Assistants for the Time being j which Sum shall be allowed the said Treasurer in his Account.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one annual Rent of five Shillings Annual Rent of of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Deductions whatsoever, for or in respect of ^Vharfr rna^e any or future Taxes, Assessments, or Impost:ions, or other Matter, Cause, or Thing whatsoever.

payaiiotothe shall be jSuing out of each and every Quay or Whaif to be made or erected by virtmc of this Act, by any

Mayor and Bur- of the Proprietors of the Lid Staiths or Warehouses (except the said Staiths of which the said Mayor

Tf the Guild ne-glcft 10 hear Complaint for

to the Trinity for Salaries to the Dork and Haven Matter end AlTiftanrs.

llemrdy for Re« f overy of Rent.

Tenants for Life, &c, may ‘frorr Money.

and Burgesses are to be deemed the Proprirtors), to be paid or payable by the respective Proprietors thereof to the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingjhn upon Hull aforesaid, and their Successors, for ever, in lieu of, and as a full Ricompence and Satisfaction for, their Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Port or Hat hour of Kingjhn upon Hull, and of their Privilege of building Houses, Quays, and Smiths within the same, the fit ft Payment whereof to commence at the End of six Calendar Months next after the making or erecting of any such Quay or Wharf 5 and the said Corporation shall keep up and maintain the four Jcttecs upon the Haft Side of the Haven in Manner as heretofore.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said annual Rent or Sum of five Shillings, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of forty Days next after the Time on which the same ought to be paid as aforesaid, then, and so often, and from Time to Time, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, and Burgesses, and their Successors, to enter and make Distress of any Goods or Chattels which shall be found upon the Quay or Wharf, in respect of which shall be payable the annual Rent or Sum so in arrear or unpaid, and the Distress ani Dill re lies, from Time to Time taken, to carry away and impound, or dispose of according to Law, for the Recovery of Rent in arrear, and all Costs and Charges from Time to Time attending such Distress and Distresses: And in case the same be not redeemed in six Days, by Payment of the annual Rent or Sum which shall be so in arrear, together with the Charges of such Distress, then to fell the Goods and Chattels so distruined, and out of the Money arising by such Sale to retain the Rent, and all Arrears thereof, which shall be then due, and the Charges of the said Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any), when demanded, to the Owner.

LXXIV. And whereas several of the Proprietors of Staiths on the said River Hull may have occufion to borrow Monty to defray the Charges and Expences incident to, or attending the building Quays or Wharfs in pursuance of this Act, and cannot, by reason of some Settlement or Settlements, impediment 01 Impediments, respectively, make effectual Securities for the Money which may be lent for those

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 56. 113

'Purposes;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors, being Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for $uiy uncertain Interest that may determine upon a Life or Lives in being, and also for thu^Hufljands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, or any Person or Persons acting as Guardian, T^uftee, jponfifnittee, or Attorney, for any Charity or Charities, or for such of the said Owners as shall be, under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselve^, and every of them respectively for the Time being, by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, from Time, to Tima, to charge the respective Quays or Wharfs, which shall be so built by them respectively (all which Quays or Wharfs are hereby directed and required to be made in as strong, substantial, and durable a Manner as the other Quays or Wharfs shall in general be made in pursuance of this Act), and the A^efluages, Staiths, Warehouses, or Tenements, belonging to such of the said Proprietors respectively, and adjoining to, and in respect whereof such Quays or Wharfs shall be built respectively, or any Part of the Premises, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be really and bona fide expended by them in the building/uch Quays or Wharfs respectively; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, and demise, or otherways subject the Premises, so to be charged as aforesaid, unto such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend the same respectively, for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant or Demise shall be made with a Proviso and Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums thereby secured shall be fully paid and Satisfied, and so as every such Grant, Mortgage, or Demise, to be made by any Tenant for Life, or in Tail, or for any other uncertain Interest that may determine upon a Life or Lives in being, Trustee, Guardian, Committee, or Attorney, shall contain a Proviso that the Person intitled to the Remainder or Reversion of the Premises so to be mortgaged, shall not, nor shall any Person be liable, upon his or her becoming pof-, sessed of any such mortgaged Premises, to any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for one Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced 5 and that every Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of legal Title in such Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, or Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, or in such Tenants in Tail, or for Life, or for other uncertain Interests that may determine upon a Life or Lives in being; any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, or Limitation to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Mortage* mrj to whom any such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, shall be made, or who shall be intitled to the be assigned. Money thereby secured, may, from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer the same Security or Securities, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest, in and to the same, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, who may again in like Manner aingn the same, and toties quoties; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and all Persons claiming under them, or any of them, shall and may use, take, and pursue all such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients at Law, or in Equity, for recovering and obtaining the Possession of the Premises so to be mortgaged, leased, or demised, as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment of the principal Money and Interest, to be thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are used, taken, or pursued, in Cases of the like Nature.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Te- Tcmnti for Hants of such of the said Staiihs, adjoining to which any Quay or Wharf shall be built in pursuance of this Act, as are let on Lease for Years, shall, during the Continuance of such Leases respectively, and so long as e*pend-they shall be permitted to hold and enjoy for their own Use and Benefit the same Quays or Wharfs re- €d by ihcirU»4-spectively, pay to the Landlords, or Persons of whom they shall so hold their respective Estates, their lord*.

Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, Interest for the several Sums of Money which shall be laid out or expended by them in building such Quays or Wharfs respectively, after the Rate of five Pounds a Year for every one hundred Pounds, and io in Proportion for any less Sum than one hundred Pounds that shall be so laid out and expended; and that all the Interest, so to be paid as aforesaid, shall be added to their respective Rents, reserved and made payable in and by their respective Leases, and shall commence and be payable from such Tiroes, and its such Proportions, and be recoverable in such Manner, as the respective Rents are or shall be in and by the said Leases respectively reserved and recoverable, the first of such Payments to commence at the next Rent Day or Time of Payment, which shall first happen after such Quays or Wharfs respectively shall be so built.

LXXVII. And whereas it may be necessary for the said Commissioners to purchase Lands and Te- Commissioner* c nements, for the Purpose of making, laying out, or widening such Road or Roads, as they shall by this purchase c Ad be authorised to make or amend, or for the Purpose of making or extending some of the Works, f-and c by this Act to be made and provided, or for laying Soil, Rubbish, Utensils, and Materials upon, or for 1 c 01

+erecting Conveniences for Workmen, or for other the Purposes of this Act;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them in that Behalf to be appointed, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners of any Parcel or Parcels of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary or useful for any of the said Purposes, for the purchasing their respective Estates and Interests therein, and to purchase the same, and to take a Conveyance, Alignment, or Surrender thereof,

at and for such Price and Consideration as shall be agreed upon between the Parties contracting: And in If Ptrtie* emoot

case the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, shall refuse agree, she. itfc,.

to contract and agree with the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, or the Persons so to &c tofumm0*

be for that Purpose appointed, or through any Disability, by Non-age, Coverture, or other Impediment, 1 Jur]r'

114 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Jury may be challenged.

Witnesses may be examined.

Jury to award Damages,

Commissioners Judgment to be final.

Penalty on Sheriff's, &c. neglecting their Duty.

Verdicts to be inrolled.

Determinations to be entered in a Book.

shall not be qualified or enabled to contract or agre4, or to execute or perform such Contract or Agreement, and carry the same into Execution; then* and in every such Case, rt shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall He; or if the said Sheriff shall be immediately interested in such Matter, (hen to one of the Coroners of the same County; and if the said Coroners shall be immediately interested therein, then to two other Persons not interested in the Matters in question (one of whom shall be chosenb^the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and the other by the said Owner or Owners of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in Default of either of the said Parties making such Choice, then it shall be lawful for the other of them to nominate and appoint any two disinterested Persons as aforesaid), for the impanelling, summoning, and returning a Jury* and such Sheriff, Coroner, or other Persons as aforesaid, are hereby required accordingly to impanel, summon, and return twenty-four hble and sufficient Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or rtiore of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, in order that out of them a Jury of twelve may be sworn to enquire touching the Matters in question; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at such Time and Place, the said Sheriff or Coroner, or such other Persons as aforesaid, shall return other honest and indifferent Men, who can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve; and all Parries concerned mall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, may order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Controversy; and shall also, by Warrant or Warrants, under, the Hands and Seals of any thirteen or more of them the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, summoti and call before them all such Persons as shall be thought proper to be examined as Witnesses concerning the Matters in question, and shall administer the Oath to such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, and also to the said Jury; which Jury, so to be impanelled and sworn, shall enquire into the Value of the Premises in question, and award and assess such Damages and Recompence as they shall think reasonable to be awarded to the Owners, Occupiers of, and Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase of their respective Estates and interests therein; and the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, dial) give Judgment for such Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded $ which Verdict, and Judgment thereupon, pronounced by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall be binding and conclusive to all Infants, Femes-covert, Bodies Politick and Corporate whatsoever, so as Notice, in Writing* of the Time of such Meeting of the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid shall be given at least fourteen Days before every such Meeting to every Person interested, or left ia Writing at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, or with feme Tenant or Occupier of such Lands or Tenements, in case the Owner thereof cannot conveniently be found.

LXXVIII. Provided always* and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any Person, so summoned and returned as aforesaid on such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn, or being sworn refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act* or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn or examined to give Evidence, every Person so offending respectively (having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for any one Offence; and if any Person or Persons, in giving Evidence concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or concerning any other Matters relative to this Act, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, every such Person, upon Conviction thereof according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Agreements, Contrails, Sales, and Conveyances, and also all Verdicts and Judgments which shall be made and given in relation to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid (such Verdicts and Judgments being signed by thirteen or more of the said Commissioners, who shall be present at the taking of such Inquest), shall be inrolled at the publick Register Office established at Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York> by an Act of Parliament, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen dnne9 for the publick regi/lcring all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that should be made% or that might assett any Honours, Manors^ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said East Ridings or Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and the said Register, or his Deputy, is hereby required to inrol the same in the proper Book for inrolling Bargains and Sales of Lands, a true Copy of which Iniolment, or of any Part thereof, under the Hand of the said Register, or his Deputy, shall be allowed as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Register, or his Deputy, shall be in tided to such Fees for such Inrolment, and Copies thereof, as are allowed him by the said Act for inrolling any Bargains and Sales, and Copies thereof, and shall permit any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, and at all Tunes, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the said Inrolments, and take Copies thereof, upon paying for every such Perusal and inspection one Shilling and no more.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Judgments or Determinations so to be made, as aforesaid, shall be let down, in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners who shall make or pronounce the same, and be entered in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners for the Entry of all Proceedings by virtue of this Act y and that upon Payment, by the said Company, of such Sum or Sums

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 115

of Money as shall be agreed upon or assessed to the Parties concerned, or Tender thereof made at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, and if they have no such Dwell ing-house, then at the House of some Tenznt or Occupier of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments before mentioned; or upon Refusal to accept such Tender, then on Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money into the Hands of any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, for the Use of the Parties interested $ then, and not before, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, their Agents, Workmen, or Servant^, in that Behalf to be appointed, to enter upon, take, use, apply, and appropriate, the said Lands, Tenements, and* Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for which such Satisfaction shall be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, for the Purpose of making, amending, or widening the said Roads, or in making or extending any of the said Works, or of laying Soil,

Rubbish, Utensils, and Materials, for the making and repairing the said Bason or Dock, or other Works, and for making such other Conveniencies for Workmen as aforesaid, or for other the Purposes of this Act, according to the Tenor and true Meaning thereof, but to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and the said Commissioners, their Agents, and all Persons whatsoever, employed or authorised by them as aforesaid, shall by this Act be fully and effectually indemnified against the Owners and Occupiers of, and all Persons interested in, the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof: And if, after the said Bason or Dock, Reservoirs, Roads, or other Works, for which any such Lan*;*e. n* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, were purchased, shall be finished, there shall remain any Land or wfed in the Hereditament that (Tall not be used or thereafter be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, the same shall. Work* may be be, and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any thirteen or more of them, may, and are hereby fully impowered to sell and convey the same for the bed Price that can begotten, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Use of the said Company.

LXXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Powers and Provisions herein before mentioned, for impowering and enabling the Commissioners herein-before men- purc^a^ tioned, to purchase Lands and Tenements for the Purposes before mentioned, shall extend, and be con- clioafeootc.* A rued to extend, to impower and enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any Person appointed for that Purpose, by any four or more of them, in like Manner to purchase any Lands and Tenements, for building a Customhouse, or any Warehouse or Warehouses, to be used in the Service of the Revenue of Customs in the said Port of Kingston upon Hull\ and all the several Clauses in this Act relative thereto, shall extend, and be construed to extend, ^nd carried into Execution, with respect to the Lands and Tenements so purchased, or intended to be purchased, for the Use and Service of the Customs, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, a? if the same were again repeated, and herein enabled.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Jury, to be summoned and HowE*pence* sworn as aforesaid, shall give a Verdict for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, of the jury ire Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, or for any. Damage to be done thereto, than what shall tobc have been offered by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, before the summoning or returning of such Jury for such Recompence or Satisfaction, that then the Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury, and the Witnesses, shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, out of any Money to be raised by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give a Verdid for no more or for less Monies than shall have been offered by the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, before the furamoning and returning such Jury, for such Recompence or Satisfaction, that then the Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury, and the Witnesses, shall be borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute; and such Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York, not interested in the Matter in question, who is hereby required to examine and settle the same, shall be deducted and taken out of the Monies so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged,

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons making Complaint, and‘Person* req«Ir-rcqutfting such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners shall issue their Warrant or Warrants for the iogajury ugire fyrnmoning such Jury, as aforesaid, first enter into a Bond, with two sufficient Sureties, to the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them for the Time being, in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to pro-. p iecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or than had been affcfTed, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Damages, as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person Goodi to be r* or Persons, who shall have landed, or caused to be landed, and laid any Goods or Merchandise, Timber, moved from tkw Wood, or Stone of any Kind, Mails, Boats, Yards, Anchors, Cables, Casks, Guns, Ballad, Lime, Dung, or Manure, or any other Thing whatsoever (other than Materials for the necessary Use or Repairs of the said wur* Quays or Wharfs, Bason or Dock, or other Works) upon any of the Quays, Wharfs, or Landing-places, to be made by virtue of this Act; or in any of the adjacent Streets or Avenues, to continue or permit the same, or any Part thereof respectively, to remain and lie thereon for any longer Time than forty-eight

Hours; and in all Cases where any such Goods, Merchandise, Timber, or other Things, n aforesaid,

shall have so continued beyond the Space of forty-eight Hours, it shall be lawful for the Dock and Haven Master for the Time being, or his Assistants, and he and they are hereby required to remove, or causa the same to be removed, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the same till

116 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Payment of the Charges of such Removal and Detention, and of such Forfeiture, to the said Dock and Haven Matter, and his Assistants, for their Trouble in and about the same, as the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, by any Rule or Bye-law, ascertain and establish: And if such Charges, Expences, and Forfeiture, shall not be paid within the Space of five Days after Demand thereof by the said Dock and Haven Matter; then, and in every such Case, he is hereby authorised and required to cause the said Goods and Chattels, so respectively secured, or a sufficient Part thereof, to be appraised and fold, for Payment of the said Charges and Forfeiture, and all other Expences relative thereto, and to the said Appraisement and Sale.

Wmhousei,&c,

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any keeping of thirteen or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to rent or hire, by the Cow»«/*c. Year, or otherwise, any convenient Warehouse, Yard, or other Place, for the receiving, safe keeping, or lodging, of such Goods and other Things, so to be removed from off the Quays and other Places, as aforesaid; or to inclose, erect, or build, any such Yard, Warehouse, or other Buildings, on their own Ground, or on Ground to be purchased by them, as to then) shall seem most meet and fitting.

Gunpowder, &c.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, *° be,"Ted U Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, acaum ime« Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or combustible Things whatsoever, shall be suffered to be or remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid, or on any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel in the said Haven, Bason, or Dock, for above the Space of twenty-four Hours after patting the Customhouse Officers; and that in case such Goods and Things cannot be conveniently removed or got off from such Quays or Wharfs, or Ships Decks, by Day-light, thkt then, and in every such Case, the Owners of such Goods and Things respectively shall be obliged, and are hereby required, to set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful and sober Persons to guard and watch over the same, for such and so many Hours, according to the Seaforl of the Year, as the said Dock and Haven Matter, or his Assistant Penalty on Do- or Aflinants, shall direct and appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods or other Things, fault 51. or the Matter or Mate of any Ship or other Vessel, shall make Default herein, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

Forfcouring the

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Haven, Bason, Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, as often as Occa- (ton shall require, well and sufficiently to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through, and take

away, any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbish, in the said Port or Haven, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, mail think proper, for the Security and Accommodation of Shipping in the said Port or Haven, and for the more free Passage of Water in the said River Hull\ so as in the doing thereof ho nearer Approach be made to the Staiths or Warehouses adjoining thereto than the Distance of thirty-five Feet, nor to the Wharfing maintained by his Majesty on the opponte Side of the Haven than thirty-five Feet; and so as none of the four Jettees, maintained by the Corporation of Hull, and now (landing on the said opposite Side of the Haven, and adjoining to his Majesty's Wharfing aforesaid, be taken away or removed, the Maintenance of which Wharfing being absolutely necessary for the Protection and Security of the Level of Holdtrmjje from being overflowed by the Tides; and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk, or any Wood, Timber, or other Obstructions or Impediments of the like Nature in the said Port or Haven that may happen to arise by Accident; ‘and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel which shall be so removed, as last mentioned, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge of removing the same for the Space of three Days after Demand thereof made by any Officer of the said Commissioners, the same shall be recovered in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered.

Penalty on

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

throwing Dirt whatsoever shall throw, cast, or put any Ballad, Earth, Dust, Ashes, Stones, or other Things, into or

thC Dock§* upon any Part of the Bason, or Dock, Reservoirs, Quays, Wharfs, Roads, or other Works, to be madd or provided in purfuatice of this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the same, or any Part thereof, or to the Haven of the said River Hullj or shall fatten any Ship or Vessel by any Rope, or otherwise, to the North Bridge aforesaid; or, after the said Bason or Dock shall be finished, moor or lay any Ship or Vessel, for more than one Tide, nearer to the said Bridge than the South Side of Matter Thomas Waltons Ship Yard, to such Potts as shall be provided for that Purpose, and Complaint be made thereof, upon Oath, by any of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, or other Officer, or any other Person, the same shall be examined into and determined by any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town of Kingston upon Hull for the Time being; and they are hereby authorised to impose upon the Offender or Offenders (other than and except as is next herein after mentioned), such Fine or Fines, not exceeding five Pounds, for each Offence, as they the said Justices shall think reasonable: And in case any Owner or Owners, Matter or Commander, Seaman or Servant, of or belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall be guilty of any of the said Offences, upon Proof thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two of the said Justices, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each Offence, forfeit to the said Company the Sum of five rounds; and in case of Non-payment of such last mentioned Forfeiture for the Space of three Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for any two of such Justices for the Time being, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same, together with the Costs and Charges incident thereto, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Owner, Matter, or Commander, Seaman or Servant, so offending, or of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person whose Goods or other Things shall be so distrained; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 117

Timber not to

be left io the

Haven more

than 4S Hours,

No Ballast to be

raised between

Dolphin Point,

and Sooth End,

without Leave

of the Mayor.

Penalty on ent.

ting of Ropes,

&c.

Not to extend to

thcPockMafter.

Rego latjoni in

keeping Firei,

&c. on board of

Ships.

Bell to be rung

when Fires are

to be extinguished.

51, Penalty on

Personi boiling

Pitch, on

board.

Gunpowder may

be landed without Leave of the

Officers of Customs, when the

Vessel shall arrive on a Son*day, &c.

No Ships, to

enter the Docks

under Sail.

Old Ship? not

to incumber the

Ba Ion or Dock*

f x pence of mow*

ing old Ships

may be levied

by Distress.

&c.

Not to extend to the Dock Master.

Regulations in keeping Fires, &c. on board of Ships,

Bell to be rung when Fires are

to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wood or Timber, which Timber not to shall be delivered in the Haven of Hully or in the said Bason or Dock, shall be permitted to lie or remain be left in the therein for a longer Titrie than forty-eight Hours after the Delivery thereof; and in case the same shall not JJen*"?*Hour* be removed before the Expiration of that Time, the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for every such *" 4 our,# Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

[No Ballast to be

XC. And whereas Accidents frequently happen to Ships and Vessels, by Lightermen, Ballastmen, and others, digging or railing Ballast, from a Place called The Dolphin Point and a Place called The South End, opposite to the said Point,* be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Per- lf, Vsouth°EnL son or Persons to take, or cause to be taken, any Ballast from the said Places, without Leave first obtained without Leave for that Purpose, in Writing, from the Mayor of the said Town, or his known Agent appointed for that of the Mayor. Purpose, nor receive more Money for such Ballast from the Master or Masters of Ships or Vessels to whom

the fame shall be delivered, than shall be fixed and ascertained by the said Mayor, by Writing under his Hand, under the Penalty of forfeiting, for every Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons what- Penalty on ent-soever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy, any Rope or other Thing, by ting of which any Ship or Vessel, lying in the said Haven, or in the said Dock or Bason, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Shillings.

XCII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain the Dock and Haven Master, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or his Assistants, from exercising, in a due and reasonable Manner, any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in them.

XCIII. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Haven, Dock, or Bason,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle, or Lamp, lighted (except in the Manner herein after for that Purpose mentioned) on board any Ship or Vessel within the said Haven, Dock, or Bason (the Vessels employed as Ferry Boats only excepted ), at any Time or Times whatsoever, between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth Day of Marco, in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, nor at any Time or Times whatsoever, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XCIV. And, the better to make Known the several Times when Fires and Candles shall be extinguished, as before directed,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Evening and Morning, at the Hours herein for the above Purposes appointed, a large Bell, to be provided by the said ^eexun*ui Commissioners, shall be rung for the Space of ten Minutes at the least, in the said Haven or Dock, or feme of them, or in some Place contiguous thereto.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, 51* Penalty oa Oil, or other combustible Thing, shall, at any Time hereafter, be boiled or heated on board any Ship or pj[ch"\c! oa Vessel in the said Haven, or Dock or Bason, or in any Boat, except in a Boat lying alongside of (ome Ship boardl or Vessel, nor within twenty Feet of the Quays, Staiths, or Warehouses, adjoining to the West Side of the said Haven (Carpenters Yards only excepted); nor shall any Gunpowder, exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds, be (offered to be or remain on board any Ship or Vessel, for any longer Time than twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in the said Haven, or Dock or Bason, upon Pain that every Master, Commander, or Owner of every Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

XCVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any Ship or Vessel, in which any Gunpowder above the Quantity of six Pounds shall happen to be, shall arrive in the said Haven,

Bason, or Dock, on a Sunday% or any Customhouse Holiday, it shall be lawful for the Master or Commander

of any such Ship or Vessel to land the same without a Sufferance or Leave from the Officers of his Majesty's -

Customs of Hull for so doing, provided the same be done in the Presence of a Tide Surveyor or Coast- Vrflei shall ar-Waiter. rive on a Son-

XCVII. And, for the Security and Preservation of the Bason or Dock, or other Works belonging to Ships to the same,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Ship or Vessel shall enter or cntCrthe Dock* pass into the said Bason or Dock, such Ship or Vessel shall have her Sails taken down, so that (he may not under Sail, enter under Sail, upon Pain that every Master, Commander, or Pilot, taking the Care of every such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

Gun powder may be landed without Leave of the Officer* of Customs, when the

XCVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel that shall be 0ld Sh>P5 laid up as unfit for further Sea Service shall he permitted to be or remain in the said Bason or Dock, to £ incumber the incumber the same, for above the Space of six Calendar Months in the Whole; and that, during all such aonor 04 Time, the Owner or Owners, Master or Commander, Factor or Agent, of or for such Ship or Vessel, shall keep the same constantly and sufficiently moored, to prevent Damage to any other Ship or Vesselj and that, in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Dock and Haven Master, his Deputy and Assistants, and every of them, to cause such Ship or Vessel, so incapable or unserviceable, which shall lie in the said Bason or Dock for above the Space of six Calendar Months, or that shall be found loose and unmoored in the same, to be removed out of the said Bason or Dock, and to lay and moor such Ship or Vessel on any Part of the Strand or Shore of the River Humber, within High-water Mark, and as near the said Town of King/ton upon Hull, as conveniently may be: And that, upon Demand of Payment being made Expenceofrao* by such Dock and Haven Master, his Deputy or Assistants, or any of them, from the Owner or Owners, inK°,d sjl, P# Master, Commander, or Agents, of or for such Ship or Vessel, of the Charges of removing and mooring such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid (such Charges and Expences being first examined and allowed by the said

118 C. 56. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Owners of Vessels answerable for Damages done by their Crews.

Materials may be laid on adjoining Lands, making Satisfaction.

Persons defraying the Decks, Arc to be punched.

The Fares of Trucks and Cart* to be fixed.

Water to be pre-ftrved to the Town.

Rctevery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Peniltira may be min^a cd,

Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them), and upon Refusal or Neglect of Payment of such Charges and Expences so allowed, as aforesaid, for the Space of five Days next after Demand made; then* and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Lid Deck and Haven Matter, his Deputy or A Aidants* or any of them* to levy such Charges and Expences by Distress and Sale of such Ship or other Verted, or any of her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be), after deducting the Charges of taking, keeping, and Sale of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners, Matter, Factor, or Agents, of or for such Ship or other Vessel, upon the same being demanded.

XCIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship or Vessel lying or trading in the said Port or Haven, shall be and is hereby made answerable to the said Company, for the Amount or Value of any Damage or Mischief that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boat* men, Bargemen, or Watermen, on board the same, to the said Bason or Dock, Quays or Wharfs, or other Works to be made within the said Port or Haven, with full Costs of Suit j and that such Damage and Costs shall be sued for and recovered in Manner herein after directed.

C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Agents, Engineers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed in making the said Bason or Dock, Quays, Wharfs, Reservoirs, Roads, or other Works, to lay any Stones, Timber, or Iron, or any other Materials, Matters, or Things, to be used in or about any of the Works, upon any of the adjoining Lands, making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers thereof for all Damage done thereto, in such Manner as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and the respective Owners or Occupiers; and in case of Disagreement therein, then in such Manner as is by this Act prescribed for purchasing Land for the Use of the Works authorised by this Act.

CI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, maliciourty, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy, or set on Fire any of the Works, made or provided by virtue of this Act, or belonging to the Port of Kingston upon Hull, or any Ship or Vessel lying and being in the Haven, Bason, or Dock, or elsewhere within the said Port, or any Part or Parts of them respectively, every such Person and Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and every such Felon and Felons shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and that the Court and Courts, by and before whom such Person and Persons shall be indicted and tried, have hereby Power and Authority to award Judgment and Execution on such Felon and Felons, and may transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, according to the Heinousness of the Crime or Crimes which such Person or Persons shall be charged with and convicted of.

CII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall and have hereby full Power, from Time to Time, to set down and ascertain the Rates and Prices which shall from Time to Time be paid and payable for the carrying and conveying of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, and of Wood, Stone, Iron, and all other Matters and Things, from the said several Quays or Wharfs to any Part or Parts of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, or from any Part or Parts of the said Town to any of the said Quays or Wharfs, in or upon any Truck or Cart, Sledge, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, according to the Distances which the same shall be carried, as they the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper; which said Rates and Prices of Carriage, and none other, shall, from Time to Time, be paid or payable for any the Purpose* aforesaid.

CIII. And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull are chiefly supplied with Water for their necessary Uses from a Place called the Water Housey conveyed to the said Town by Pipes, some of which are laid in the Towns Ditches \ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners shall find it necessary, in carrying on any of the Works authorised by this Act, to remove or take away any of the said Pipes, the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own Expence, immediately to reinstate the said Pipes, or to place others, in such Manner and Form that the Inhabitants of the said Town may receive no Prejudice thereby* but may be supplied with Water from the said Waterhouse, in as large Quantities, apd in as effectual a Manner, as they were before the passing of this Act.

CIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, or directed to be infbdied (concerning the Recovery of which no particular Direction is hereby given), shall, if the same be not paid within fourteen Days after the same shall be demanded, be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the Justices of the Peace of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, which Warrant they, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witmfles, upon Oath, before them, or any two of them, made, which Oath any two of them are hereby impowered to administer; and that all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, shall, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be), when demanded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted), be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Company shall direct and appoint, for their Use; and in case no such Distress as aforesaid can be had, then it shall be lawful for the said Justices for the Time being, or any two or more of them, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit the Party offending to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the said Town, for the Space of rwenty Days, without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty and Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Justicej of the Peace, or any of them, by whom any Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, shall be

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 56. 119

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Proceedings not to be vacated for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

given, pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, where they fee Catise, to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the Penalties or Forfeitures as aforesaid, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act 5 and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending respectively, for so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

CVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, or remain unfatisfk'd with the Judgment of the said Justices, or any of them, by reason of any Sentence or Judgment to be given or pronounced by them, or any of Quartei

them, as aforesaid, or by any other Matter or Thing done by virtue of this Act, such Person and Persons ion%' shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sc flic ns of the Peace to be held in and for the said Town and County of the Town of Kiv%Jhrrupon Hull (proper and reasonable Notice of such Complaint or Appeal being first given), who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint or Appeal; and, in case of Conviction, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the levying and enforcing of Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, by the Ways and Means before mentioned, together with such Costs and Charges to the Party in whose Favour such Appeal shall be determined^ as the J allices in their said Sessions shall order and direct; which Orders and Judgments respectively shall be final and conclusiv* to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ or Writs of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

CVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order, or ether Proceeding, to be had or made by or before the said Justices, or the said Commissioners, or any of them, in relation to the Premises, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only; and that, where an

Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act,^ the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Tref-paflers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; bat the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover special Damages in an Action upon the Case.

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Person or Persons against whom the same is to be brought, or after a sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the said County of the Town of Kingston upon Hully and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Sui, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in General Iflber-Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or in any other Manner, than directed by this Act, then the Jury shall hud for the Defe ndant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff7 or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit afrer the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer,-Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may reco-- ver Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in Treble Cost*. other Cases by Law-

CIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Verdict, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment,

Transfer, or other Security or other Writing whatsoever, under the Seal of the said Company, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any of the said Commissioners, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, or otherwise made use of corw cerning or in Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

CX. And whereas the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity Hotife of $a*»ngRight*

Kingston upon Hull, by virtue of certain Charters or Letters Patent, granted to them by his Majesty's jbe Tnoiiy.

Royal Predecessors, the Kings and Queens of England^ or some or one of them, are intitled to, and have HoufiK 4 exercised and enjoyed, several Poweis, Privileges, and Authorities, in and concerning the Haven of the said Town of Kingjhn upon Hully and the Roadstead near the Haven Mouth of the said Town, for the better Regulation of Ships there, and have from Time to Time appointed a Haven Master for the order- ing of Ships in the said Haven, according to such Rules, Orders, and Directions, as the said Guild or Brotherhood have thought expedient ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect, the Rights, Powers, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Authorities, of the said Guild or Brotherhood, about or concerning the said Haven or Roadstead, and Premises, so vested in them, or which they might have used, exercistd, and enjoyed, by virtue of any Charter, Letters Patent, Grant, Right, or Title whatsoever, otherwise than as the same are by this Act expressly taken away, varied, altered, or restrained.

Saving the Rights of the Corporation.

CXI. And whereas the late King Richard the Second, b 4 England, bearing Date at Westminster, the fourth Day of '

to the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon 2

Writings may bee without Suispi*

f his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of String the -lune% in the fifth Year of his Reign, granted Right* of th* dull aforesaid, by their then Name o Incorporation

120 C. 57, 58. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Publick Act.

Clause in Act 13 Geo. 3. recited.

and repealed, Co far at it affcftc any Toll-jate particularly specified by any Act of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

Act 1 Hen. 5.

Act-8 Hen. 6.

‘ Act 10 Hen. 6. and Act 23 Hen. 6.

the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and their Heirs and

Successors, for the Improvement of the same Town, that they and their Heirs and Successors should have the Port nigh the said Town, formerly called Sayer Creek, then called Hully for ever annexed to the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, from Sculcoat's Goat to the middle Stream of the Humber, so that they and every of them might build Houses, Quays, and Staitbs, within the same Water, for the Improvement, Defence, Preservation, and Increase, of the said Town / be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminidi, change, or affect, the Rights, Dues, Duties, and Payments, Powers, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Authorities, of the said Mayor and Burgesses, so granted to them as aforesaid, or any other Rights, Dues, Duties, or Payments, Powers, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Authorities, in anywise belonging to them, otherwise than as the same are by this Act expressly taken away, varied, altered, or restrained.

CXII. And be it further enacted and declared determined by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed, in all Courts of Judicature within this Kingdom, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same-

CAP. LVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for reducing into one Act the general Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts Persons from the Payment of Tolls at Side Gates erected at Places specified in any Act of Parliament.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes,) it is provided and enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay Toll at any Toll-gate erected, or to be erected, across or on the Side of any Turnpike Road, or be subject to any Penalty for any Carriage, Horse, or Bead, which shall only cross such Road, and shall not pass above one hundred Yards thereon, except over some Bridge erected at a considerable Expence by the Trustees of such Turnpike Road; 4 which Provision, as it takes away or lessens the Tolls of certain Toll-gates erected by the Authority or

Direction of former Acts of Parliament, at certain Places in such Acts specified for that Purpose, isdetrimental to many Turnpike Roads, and highly injurious to Persons who have lent Money on the Security of such Tolls v May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Provision shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, so far as the same affects any Toll-gate directed or authorised to be set up at any Place particularly specified and mentioned in any Act of Parliament, for repairing any Highway or Road, passed before the making of the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth; and so much of several Acts of the eighth, tenth, and twenty-third Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the fird Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, ordaining and edablidling what Sort of People shall be choseny and who shall be the Choofers of the Knights and Burgesses of the Parliament \ and also an Act in the eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, ordaining what Sort of Men shall be Choofersy and who shall be chosen Knights of the Parliament; and also an Act in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, requiring certain Tlnngs in him who shall be a Chafer of the Knights of Parliament; and also an Act in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, directing who shall be Knights for the Parliament, the Manner of their Election, and the Remedy where one is chosen and another returned: And whereas several Provisions contained in the said Acts have been found, by long Usage, to be unnecessary, and are become obsolete:* In order therefore to obviate all Doubts that may arise upon the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[so far as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members of Parliament, &c. repealed.]

That the said Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Fifth, and every Part thereof; and so much of the said several Acts made in the eighth, the tenth, and the twenty-third Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 59, 60. 121

CAP. LIX.

An Act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the malignant Fever, that is commonly called The Gaol Distemper, is found to be owing to a want of Cleanliness and fresh Air in the several Gaols in England and Wales, and the fatal Consequences of that Disorder, of which there has been, of late, too much Experience, might be prevented, if Justices of the Peace were duly authorised to provide such Accommodations in Gaols as may be necessary to answer this salutary Purpose: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Powers of the Justices at their Quarter Sessions,]

That the several Justices of the Peace, in that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales, within their several Jurisdictions, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorised and required to order the Walls and Cielings of the several Cells and Wards, both of the Debtors and the Felons, and also of any other Rooms used by the Prisoners in their respective Gaols and Prisons, where Felons are usually confined, to be scraped and white-washed. once in the Year at least; to be regularly washed and kept clean, and constantly supplied with fresh Air, by Means of Hand Ventilators, or otherwise; to order two Rooms in each Gaol or Prison, one for the Men, and the other for the Women, to be set apart for the Sick Prisoners, directing them to be removed into such Rooms as soon as they shall be seized with any Disorder, and kept separate from those who shall be in Health; to order a Warm and Cold Bath, or commodious Bathing Tubs, to be provided in each Gaol or Prison, and to direct the Prisoners to be washed in such Warm or Cold Baths or Bathing Tubs, according to the Condition in which they shall be at the Time, before they are suffered to go out of such Gaols or Prisons upon any Occasion whatever; to order this Act to be painted in large and legible Characters upon a Board, and hung Uu in some conspicuous Part of each of the said Gaols and Prisons; and to appoint an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, at a stated Salary, to attend each Gaol or Prison respectively, who shall, and he is hereby directed to report to the said Justices by whom he is appointed, at each Quarter Sessions, a State of the Health of the Prisoners under his Care or Superintendence.

[They are to make Orders as they shall think fit.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices of the Peace, in their said Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorised to direct the several Courts of Justice within their respective Jurisdictions to be properly ventilated; to order Cloaths to be provided for the Prisoners when they see Occasion; to prevent the Prisoners from being kept under Ground, whenever they can do it conveniently; and to make such other Orders, from Time to Time for restoring or preserving the Health of Prisoners, as they shall think necessary.

[Expences how to be defrayed.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expences attending the Execution of the Orders of the said Justices, made in pursuance of this Act, so far as the same shall respect County Gaols and Prisons, and Courts of Justice belonging to Counties, shall be borne and defrayed, at all Times, out of the respective County Rates; and so far as the same shall respect the Gaols and Prisons, and Courts of Justice, of particular Cities, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Franchises, or Places, that do not contribute to the Rates of the Counties in which they are respectively situated, such Expences shall be defrayed out of the Publick Stock or Rates of such Cities, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, Liberties, Franchises, or Places, having such exclusive Jurisdictions, to which such Gaols, or Prisons or Courts of Justice, shall respectively belong:

[Gaolers disobeying Orders to be proceeded against in a summary way.]

And if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall, at any Time, neglect or disobey the Orders of such Justices made in pursuance of this Act, he may be proceeded against in a summary Way, by Complaint made to the Judges of Assize, or to the Justices, in their Quarter Sessions; and if he be found guilty of such Neglect or Disobedience, he shall pay such Fine as the Judges of Assize, or Justices, shall impose, and shall be committed in case of Non-payment.

CAP. LX.

An Act for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred of Godley, in the County of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the several Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred or Division of Godley, in the County of Surrey, did, in Obedience to a Summons from the High Constable of the said Hundred, attend at a Meeting of the Justices of the Peace, held at Chertsey, in the said Hundred, on the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and obtained a Renewal of their Licences for selling of Ale and Beer in the usual Form; and since the Renewal of such Licences, several of the said Innkeepers and Victuallers, whose Licences for Sale of Spirituous Liquors were expired, applied to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Excise for the Renewal of such Licences, who refused to renew the same, alleging that he was restrained by Law from so doing, the said Licences for the Sale of Ale and Beer not having been signed by two Justices qualified by Law to sign the same; and the Time appointed by Act of Parliament for renewing Licences for selling Ale and Beer being elapsed before the said Innkeepers and Victuallers were acquainted with any Informality or Doubt concerning the Legality of such Licences, no other Licences could be procured: And whereas it is doubtful, whether

122 C. 61 — 64. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

'the said Innkeepers and Victuallers can at present carry on their Trades or Callings without incurring the Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities imposed and inflicted by several Acts of Parliament for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, and Spirituous Liquors, without Licences, which may involve themselves and Families in utter Ruin, although they have not been guilty of any Fault or Neglect on their Part: To the End therefore that the said Innkeepers and Victuallers may be indemnified, and carry on their said Trades or Callings, without being subject to such Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities, as aforesaid,' may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[The Licences

That the said Licences granted to the Innkeepers 'fr"tedjf‘ *773 and Victuallers of the Hunared or Division of Godley, in the County of Surrey, on the said first Day. of the Purpose*or Septemberr one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby MprcflcdT declared to be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the several Purposes therein respectively expressed, and to all other Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

All Soiti com-

II. And be it further enacted l^y the Authority aforesaid, That all personal Actions and Suits, In-sneoccd u»ioft distmems, Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have beep or shall be of G«ney, efor* prosecuted or commenced against any of the said Innkeepers or Victuallers, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, selling Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, without a proper Licence, since the said first Day of September, one thousan^l seven Wine*,&c.fmce hundred and seventy-lkree, be, are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this Act.

*773» rchtre-

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person shall be in-No*P«son>U)be to* or receive any Benefit or Indemnification from, this Act, unless he shall, before the tenth Day intitled to this of jvfyi one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or before the Expiration of the Term for which

Benefit, unless their present Licences are respectively granted, apply for and obtain such Licence or Licences as are by

he obtains a le- Law required for the felling of Wine or Spirituous Liquors 5 which Licence or Licences his Majesty's Com* gal Lienee be- missioners of Excise, and his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps 17745 7 IO* on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and all other Person$ authorised and impowered by them respectively, which the Com- are hereby authorised and required to grant, in the same Manner as the same ought to have been granted missioner* of Ex- in case the said Licences for selling Ale and Beer had been originally good, valid, and effectual in the rife >nd Sump Law as aforesaid.

Duties are required to grant.

---

[Publick Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to explain and amend two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poor's Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn) as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn)% it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the several

Prices at which certain Species of Corn and Grain, therein enumerated, shall be prohibited to be exported from this Kingdom, and also that the Prices at which the respective Bounties granted by the said Act are to be allowed upon the Exportation of certain Species of Corn and Grain, shall be ascertained according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament, for ascertaining the Rate$ 4 and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, or as directed by the said recited Act: And whereas th^ 4 Prices, with respect to Corn and Grain imported into that Part of Great Britain called England^ tVcrks- and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, are, by the several Acts now in Force, directed to be ascertaineq

at every Quarter Sessions for the respective Counties within the same; which Prices being so ascertainedj

cannot he altered until the next succeeding Quarter Sessions, although the Prices of Corn and Grain ma

in the mean Time, be either very much increased or diminished: And whereas, by the aforesaid Ai 4 made in the last Session of Parliament, the Prices of Corn and Grain, and Oat-meal, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are to be ascertained by the Sheriff or Steward Deputes, or their Substitutes, of the several Counties within which there are Ports, or Places, for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandises, four Times in the Year; that is to say, upon the first Day of November, first Day of February, first Day of May, and first Day of August, in Manner therein directed, which Prices

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 65. 123

so ascertained cannot be altered until the Expiration of three Months from the Time of their Ascertainment, although the Prices of Corn and Grain, and Oat-meal, may, in the mean Time, be either very much increased or diminished; and it being expedient that the Exportation of Corn and Grain from this Kingdom, and the Allowance of the several Bounties thereon, should be governed and regulated*

according to the real Average Prices of such Corn and Grain, and Oat-meal, at the respective Times when, and Places from whence, the same shall be shipped for Exportation May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, one After June i. thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Prices of Corn and Grain, and Oat-meal, exported from *774# Price, of this Kingdom, shall be regulated and governed by the Average Prices at which such Corn or Grain, and Corn md Grain Oat-mead, shall be respectively fold in the publick Market, at or nearest to the Port or Place from whence

such Corn or Grain, or Oat-meal, shall be intended to be exported, on the last Market-day preceding the

shipping of such Corn or Grain, and the respective Bounties granted by the Aid recited Act shall, in like Manner, be paid and allowed, according to such Prices, by the same Rules and Regulations, and subject v to the same Securities, Restrictions, Oaths, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the former Bounties on Corn or Grain exported were paid and allowed, and were subject and liable to, before the making the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament$ any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein- Nothing c©»-v before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit any Person from exporting any *E Corn or Grain, or Oat-meal, or from receiving the Bounty thereon, which shall be actually shipped or t^ion\>fCor» laid on Board any Ship or Vessel, for that Purpose, within twenty Days from the Entry thereof at the «r Grain if Aip-Cudom-house for Exportation, although the Prices of Corn at such Port may have arisen above the Rates pe4 mo Days in the said Act respectively specified, after the Entry thereof, and before the Expiration of twenty Days tomthe Enug from such Entry; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. thereof.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably \ and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon and to establish a Method of managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future) \ so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates tn Scotland to the Crown unalienably 5 and for making *5 ti Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same. and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future) 5 it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Commissionera and

20l.]

Trustees to be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have Power to erant Leases of the said Estates, or any Part thereof, in Manner therein specified; but that no Person shall be capable of taking or enjoying any Lands or Tenements, other than Mines or Fishings, by virtue of such Lease y or Leases, of greater annual Rent than twenty Pounds at the utmost: And whereas the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed by his Majesty, finding that many Farms of the said Estates, formerly let at or under twenty Pounds of yearly Rent, have, by Inclosing and other Improvements, and by the Increase of the Price "of Horned Cattle, and other Produce of the said Farms, become more valuable, (b as they may afford Rent above twenty Pounds yearly, and which the Tenants or others are willing to pay, were the Commissioners enabled to grant Leases of such Farms at a higher Rent than twenty Pounds: And whereas the dividing Farms, which have been let at the Rent of twenty Pounds, or under, and might now, or may hereafter, be let at a higher Rent than twenty Pounds, would be difficult and incommodious, especially in the Case of inclosed Farms, and would create much Expenqs in building Houses upon inconvenient Farms For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees, and TfcCommifo such Commissioners and Trustees as shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or a Quorum of them, to let and grant Leases of Farms at a higher Rent xatogrant than twenty Pounds, when they shall find it proper, and which Leases shall be good and efi&fual to the Lease. of Farms Lessees any Thing in the before-recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty at a higher Rant to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

[No such Lease tp comprise Lands let for more before 1756.]

II. Provided always, That no such Lease or Leases to be made or granted at a higher Rent than twenty Pounds, shall comprize Lands which were let for more Rent than twenty Pounds, at any Time preceding the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six.

124 C. 66. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation and for the better making Experiments relating thereto.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anns*

AditAmue. W intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the A a 14 Geo. a. Longitude at Sea \ and also another Apt was made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for surveying the Chief Ports and Headlands on the Coqfls if Great Britain and Ireland, and the Inlands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Do*

Act 16 Geo. s. 4 lamination of the Longitude qnjl Latitude thereof \ and also another Act was made in the twenty-sixth \ 4 Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more tjfeftual an Act, made in tbs twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Re- ward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea* with regard to the making Expo* 4. riments of Propofols made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for put* Act Geo. 3. c ting in Execution the said Act-, and also another Act was made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more tjfeftual an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, %uitk regard to making Experiments of Propofols made for

Act 3 Geo. 3. 4 discovering the Longitude; and also another Act was made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Jqhn Hayrifon to publish and make known his Invert-Act 5 Geo. 3. 4 tion of a Machine or JVatch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea; and also two other Acts were made

in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Propofols made for discovering the Longitude \ and the other* intituled, An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual two /Iftsone made in the twelfth Tear of tbs. Reign of Queen Annfc, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as ifiaR dii- cover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Intituled, An Act 'for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Perform as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Propofols made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commijponers for putting in Execution the said Act;

Act xo Geo. 3. 4 and another Act was made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, fen providing a publick Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea * for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Mayer; and for encouraging Discoveries anft

Improvements useful to Navigation: And whereas it is highly expedient to encourage, by further Re-A wards, such other Methods and Experiments as may conduce to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sreq- and promote farther Improvements and Discoveries in Navigation; and to make more eftcftu^l Regi$-4 lattons for the examining, trying, and judging of all Proposals, Experiments* and Improvements, re- lating thereunto mayrit therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famt

Afar Jane *4, That each and every of the said recitedT Acts (save and except such Clause and Clauses in each or any of *d AQinrV*- ^>cm 38 relate to the Appointment or Authority of all or any of the Commissioners thereby respectively ed, except^two" ^onstituted, and also such Clause and Clauses as relate to the constructing, priming, publishing, vending* Clauses. ?and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables), shall, from and after the twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, be, and are hereby repealed.

Sums, 11 Re- 4

II. And, for a due and sufficient Encouragement to any Person or Persons who shall discover any Mer wards, given to ^thod or Methods for finding the said Longitude,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first Actbws, i Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, of each and every such Method or Methods, his qt their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be intitled to, and have the Rewards or Sums of Money ixerein-after mentioned; that is to say. In case the Method proposed shall be, by Means of a Time-keeper, the Principles whereof have not hitherto been made publick, to the Reward or Sum of rive thousand Pounds, if such Method determines the said Longitude to one Degree of a great Circle, or sixty geogra-' phical Miles; to the Reward or Sum of seven thousand five hundred Pounds, if it determines the lame to Two^thirds of that'Distance; and to the Reward or bum of ten thousand Pounds, if it determines thp fame to one Half of the said Distance: Which respective Rewards shall be due and paid ,when such Method shall have been sufficiently tried by the following Experiments and Voyages to be made and performed - by such Persons, and under such Restrictions, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, respectively constituted by the above-recited Acts, or the major Part of them, shall think fit to appoint and direct (that is to say) When and so soon as two or more Time-keepers, of the same Construction,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 125

shall have been tried at the same Time for the Space of twelve Months, at the Royal Observatory at Greenwich^ then in two Voyages round the Island of Great Britain, in contrary Directions, and in such other Voyages to different Climates as the said Commissioners shall think fit to direct and appoint j and after their Return from such Voyages, or any of them, for such longer Time, at the said Observatory, not exceeding twelve Months, as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary; and also when and fb soon as the said Commissioners, or two-thirds of them, at the lead, shall, after such Experiments and Voyages have been made and performed as aforesaid, have declared and determined that such Method is generally pradicable and useful, and sufficiently exact to determine the Longitude at Sea within the Degrees or Limits aforesaid, in all Voyages for the Space of six Months (Impediments from cloudy and hazy Weather excepted); and also When and so soon as the Principles and Practice of such Method are fully discovered and explained to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or two-thirds of them at least; and such Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, shall have delivered up and affiened over to the said Commissioners for the Use of the Publick, the absolute Property of such Time-Keepers as shall have been tried by such Experiments and Voyages as aforesaid, together with all Places, Descriptions, Theories, and Explanations, belonging or relating to the same, and which shall contain the Whole of such Discovery of the Longitude; and in case the Method proposed shall be by Means of improved Solar and Lunar Tables; then, and in such Case, the Author or Author* of Aich improved Solar and Lunar Tables, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be intitled to and have the Reward or Sum of five thousand Pounds, if such Solar and Lunar Tables shall prove sufficiently exact to shew the Difiance of the Moon' from the Sun and Stars in the Heavens, within fifteen Seconds of a Degree, answering to about feveit Minutes of Longitude, after making an Allowance of half a Degree for the Errors of Observation; and when it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or two-thirds of them,‘at least, that such Tables are constructed' entirely upon the Principles of Gravitation laid down by Skjfaac Newton,

(except with respect to those Elements which must necessarily be taken from astronomical Observations), and also when the Truth of such Tables shall have been further confirmed and proved by Comparison'

\prich a Series of astronomical Observations made during a Period of eighteen Years and a Half, which is* deemed the Period of the Irregularities of the Lunar Motions; which Reward shall be due and paid, when when to be the said Commissioners, or two-thirds of them, at feist, shall have declared and determined, that such p»id«

Tables are fuffipiently exact, tp fiieyr the Dif^apce of the Moon from the Sun and Stars in the heavens, within the Limits above mentioned; and also when the Author of Authors of such improved Solar and Lunar Tables, his or their Executors, Adrfunistrators, or Assigns, shall have delivered (ip, and assigned over to the said Commissioners for the Use of the Publick, the absolute Right and Property to and in the same, together with the Theory relating thereunto; and In case any other Method shall be proposed for finding the Longitude at Sea besides those before mentioned, that then, and in such Case, the first Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, of any such Method, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be intitled to and have the Reward or Sum of five thousand Pounds, if it shall determine the said Longitude within one Degree of a great Circle, or sixty geographical Miles; to thp Reward or Sum of seven thousand ecclesiastical ecclesiastical five hundred Pounds, if it shall determine the same to Two-thirds of that Distance; and to the Reward or Suns of ten thousand Pounds, if It shall determine the same tb one Jialf of the same Defiance; wfiich respective Rewards shall be due and paid, so foori as the said Commissioners, <of Two-thirdb of thetri, at Teaft, (hill* after proper Trial has been made by their Appointment and Direction, have determined that such Method shall be generally practicable and useful for finding the Longitude ^t Sea within the respective Limits above mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as any such Method Trttfemefffie or Methods, for thy Discovery of the said Longitude, shall be tried, as before mentioned, and found prat- ^/Ae*

ticable and useful at Sea, arra sufficiently exact to determine the Longitude within any of the Degrees ward*, l0 the or Limits aforesaid, the said Commissioners, Or Two-thirds bf them, mall certify the same, under their Anthsra^ Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who shall be the Author or Authors of stich Method or Methods; and upon the Receipt of such Certificate, the said Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for the respective Sum or Sums of Money to which the Author or Authors of such Propofols, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be intitled by virtue of this Act; which Sum or Sums the said Treasurer is hereby re--quhed to pay to the said Author or Authors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns accordingly, out of any Money that may be in Hand* unapplied so the Use of the Nay, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And whereas the several Sums of ^Loney xranjed by the above now-recited Acts, towards making CwrnnMKhCTt 4 Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and for improving the Lunar Tables, of ta

and making other Discoveries or Improvements useful to Navigation, are, by reason of the several Pay- byVormer' A ment3 made by the Treasurer of the Navy, purfuam to the Directions of the said Acts, not only ex- A«totbe Com-

pended, but, moreover, several Peh(s have been jncvrfed, and are now growing due for Services tending mWotunif th#' 4 to the Benefit of Navigation, and, more parikuLjrly, for defraying the Expence of the two Observers

who have been sent opt to make nautical and astronomical Observations in the Southern Hemisphere:

And whereas it is highly necessary that the ford Debts (Would bb discharged, and that ingenious Personi

should be encouraged to make ifurtbei DUcbveritst amt Improvements useful to Navigation be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the gbpVe f me rationed Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea shall and may certify the Amount of such Debts, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same shall be respectively due, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of tht Navy, who are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy Sox such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for discharging the said Debts; which Sum or Sums

126 C. 67. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

They are also to receive Proposal* for discovering the Longitude,

sod certify the -feme, with the Names of the Authors, to the Commissionert *f the Navy.

Persons making useful Discoveries, to receive less Reward*, a* greeable to the Judgment of tho CommUBonera,

The Sums payable by the Treasurers of the Navy not to exceed 5000l.

No Person to receive more for Discoveries than the greatest Sum hereby provided.

of Money the said Treasurer is hereby required to pay to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be respectively due, out of any Money which shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands unapplied as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said Longitude, or for making any other useful Improvement in Navigation; and in case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery or Improvement as to think it pro*" per to cause Experiments to be made thereof, they shall certify the same, together with the Names of the Author or Authors of such Proposal or Proposals, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for any such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, or any five or more of them, shall thin* necessary for m a Jung such Experiments; which Sum or Sums the Treasurer of the Navy is hereby required to pay immediately to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to make those Experiments out of any Money which shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands unapplied as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall make any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be in tilled to any of the great Rewards above specined, shall nevertheless be adjudged by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, or the major Part of them, to be of considerafile Use to the Publick, or shall make any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation;, then, and in such Case, such Person or Persons, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, from Time to Time, have and receive such less Reward or Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, shall think reasonable; and certify accordingly, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for any such Sum or Sums of Money which the said Treasurer is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately to such Person or Persons, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of any Money that shall be in his the said Treasurer's Hands unapplied as aforesaid. t

VII. Provided always, That all such Sum or Sums of Money;as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by virtue hereof, as well for the Purpose of discharging the several Debts which have been incurred, and are now growing due for Services tending jto the Benefit of Navigation, as, of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding, in a lesser Degree, teller Discoveries, for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and improvements useful to Navigation, do not altogether exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds: And also provided. That in case any such Reward, or Sums of Money, to be given for any of those Purposes shall not exceed the oum of one thousand Pounds, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be certified to the Commissioners of the Navy as aforesaid, under the Hand? and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude, or any five or more of them $ but if it shall exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, that then it shall be certified by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case, any Person or Persons who shall and

may have received any Sum or Sums of Money, by virtue of this Act, as a Reward for any Method of discovering the Longitude at Sea, shall afterwards become intitled to any of the greater Rewards appointed by this Act, for or on account of the same Method; that then, and in such Case, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall or may have received as aforesaid, shall be considered as Part of such greater Reward, and deduded therefrom accordingly; and that no Person shall receive more in the Whole for any one Method for discovering the Longitude at Sea, than the greatest Reward appointed for such Method by this Act.

---

[The Commissioners to administer an Oath for carrying the Act into Execution.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, for their better Satisfaction, if they fee Occasion, to administer an Oath or Oaths to such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution; which Oath or Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Commissioners to administer accordingly; and in case any such Person or Persons shall wilfully swear falsely and untruly, every such Person shall be liable to, and suffer the Pains and Penalties inflicted by the several Statutes made, and now in Force, against wilful Perjury.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre; for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia directly, to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned are near expiring;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. 127

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That an Act made in the third Year of the Reign* of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty for carrying Rice from his Maieflfs Province of Act j Carolina in America, directly to arty Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and' belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law* which was to be in Force for five Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September* one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said Act fr Geo. *, late Majesty, to continue the said Act from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session* of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia in America; which said Acts, by several subsequent Acts made in the fifteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majest/s Reign, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day further coat*— of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next nued Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enactedI by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting, for a limited' Time* a Liberty to carry Rice AftfOw. J» from his Majesty's Provinces of South Carolina Georgia, direfily to any Part of America to the Southward of tf)ejaid Provinces* subject to the like Duty as is now Paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, which was to continue in Force foe, t five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a Claufoman Act, passed in* the fifth, and & Clause fe Year of his said Majesty's Reign, which gave Liberty to export Rice from North Carolina* in the same Act 50*0.1* Manner, and under the like Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as were enacted by the said Act, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's

Reign, with respect to carrying Rice to South Carolina and Georgia*which have Continuance until the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-Four, and from thence to the End. of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, ant) the same are hereby further continued from the farther c*otf-Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and nued dll J«at* from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.; H» 1781.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the tenth Year of ActioGM. 3* the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending tiki Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from

East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of

Parliament to Carolina and Georgia, which was to continue irv Force from the first Day of August* one thousand seven hundred and seventy, uptil the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thebce to the End' of the then* next Semon of 'Parliament 5 and which Ad

was amended by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September* further eon*.

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of nued riUSepw*

Parliament.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers Frauds are practised in the packing or bagging of Hops;' for Remedy whereof^

may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Expedient Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any Officer of Excise shall attend for the Purpose of bagging any Hops pur- HepvonPaul— tuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne (intituled, AH ty of 51, for Act for laying a Duty on Hops)* such Officer shall, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect the Sum of every NcgieO; five rounds, weigh the Bags or Pockets intended by the Planters, Growers* or Owners of the Hops tef be used for the bagging thereof; and shall, before the Hops &all be put therein, mark, or cause to bd m* (kail, before* marked, on the Outside of each such Bfcg or Pocket, in plain and legible Letters or Characters, witlf Hop* be put Ink or Paint, the true Weight dr Tare thereof; and that the Excise Officer shall also mark, or cause to be marked, on each such Bag or Pocket, in Manner aforesaid, the Planter or Planters Name or Names, in the Weight full Length, and the Place of his or their Abode, together with the Date of the Year in which such Hops thereof} th* were grown: And if any Excise Officer shall put his Mark of the Weight of the Hops upon any Bag, Planter»Nam«j, before such Bag, and Hops therein contained, shall have been weighed by him, he shall, for each Offence, *nd when such-> forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings. ZZT*

[Officers Marks to be sufficient Proof.]

II. And it is hereby declared, That the Marks of the Excise Officer, hereby directed to be made, shall be Proof sufficient that the Planter, Grower, or Owner of Hops, has conformed to the Directions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for penaltiefl to be Offences against this Act, shall, upon Information and Proof of the Offences respectively, before any kviei by Distref* one Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be discovered, or wherein the *nd S*i*of °f-Officnder shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party, or Parties offending, or by the Oath of Cood*

128 C. 69, 70. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

One Half to the Informer, and the other to the Poor.

Personi forging Marks CD forfeit Jo L

Complaint take made to some lattice, or no Person liable to ke prosecuted.

Publick Act.

Preamble.

Collectors of the Revenue*, Arc, to receive the dinrrniihcd Cold Coin:

one or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice of the Peace.is hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice /which Warrant or Warrants such T&ftice is hereby impowered to grant), and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and one Half of the Penalties and Forfeitures, when so paid or levied, shall, from Time to Time, be paid to the Person who shall give Information of any such Offence; and the other Half shall be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and applied to the Use of the Poor thereof respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That \f any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit,; alter, or wilfully

obliterate any Mark, by this Act directed to be put by the Officers of Excise upon any such Bag or Pocket; every such Person so offending, and being thereof legally convicted before a Justice of the Peace, shall be subject to a Penalty of ten Pounds; to be levied, paid, and applied in Manner and Form abote directed: And in Default of Payment thereof, shall suffer six Months imprtfonmentj or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any Penalty for anV Offence hgainst this Act, unless Complaint shall be made thereof to some Justice of the Peace for the County or^Place Where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, or be discovered within six Calendar Month* next after the Sale of any such Hops; arty Thing herein contained to the contrary not-WkbftAnding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority jiforesaid* That this* Ad shall be deemed and taken to be a Publidc Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice <k as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Mdnfcy by Loans or Exchequer Rifts, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four. 1,250,000l.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in, and recoining, the defU cienc Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receiving the same at the Bank of England \and of taking, there, an Account of the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making Satisfaction for the same; and for artthoriling all Persons to cut and deface all Gold Coin, that shall not be allowed to be Current by his Majesty's Pro^clamation.

WHEREAS the Gold Coin. of this Realm has been greatly diminished by clipping, filing, and other evil Practices, particularly of late Years, in Violation of the Laws of this Realm; and it c has been a Practice to export and melt down the new and perfect Coin, soon after it has been issued for private Advantage, to the great Detriment of the Publicity and the like Practice will continue while Pieces differing greatly in Weight are-current under the same Denomination, and at the same Rate and Value: And whereas, for preventing the Mischiefe to which she PublickarcT efcposed, it is proper, in the first place, that all Guineas weighing less than five Pennyweights, eight Grains; and all Half Guineas, weighing less than two Pennyweights, sixteen Grains; and all Quarter Guineas, weighing less than one Pennyweight^ and eight Grains; should be called in, and recoined, according to the established Standard of the Mint, both as to Weight and Firteness; and i& is proper likewise that the same should be called in by Degrees, and as fast as the Occasions of Circulation will allow, and as the Officers of the Mint are able to recoin the (lime: And whereas the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Par- Iiament assembled, have, in their Address, most humbly besought your Majesty, that your Majesty would be graciously pleased to jffue your Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, and thereby appoint such Days as to Your Majesty should seem meet, after which the said Guineas, Half Quirteas, and Quarter Guineas, should not be allowed in Payment, Or. to pass, except only to the Collectors or Receivers of the Publick Revenues, or to such Persons as your Majesty shall authorise to receive and exchange the same; and that your Majesty would appoint certain other Days, after which tKeLsaid Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, should not be allowed to pals in any Payment whatsoever, or to be exchanged in Manner aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pauliameirt assembled, and by the Authority jof the same. That; the Tellers in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and the several Receivers General, and their Deputies, and the particular Receivers and Colle&ors, and Officers, who art or shall be intruded with the Receipt or Collection of his Majesty's Revenues, Impositions, Duties* Taxes, Aids, or Supplies, within the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and his or or their Deputy or Deputies, and the Teller of the Exchequer there, and all Collectors or Receivers, and other Officers, who are or shall be intruded with the Receipt or Collection of the said Revenues, shall, and by this Act they are severally required and enjoined, to accept and take, for his Majesty's Use, for or upon!account of any of the said Revenues, Impositions, Duties, Taxes,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 70. 129

Aids, or Supplies respectively, during such Time or Times as shall be appointed and limited in his Majesty's Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued in Manner aforesaid, such Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, being the Gold Coin of this Realm, at the Rates they were respectively coined, so as the Deficiency in Weight of any of them does not exceed the Deficiency at which they shall be allowed respectively to pass in Payment to the said Tellers, Vice Treasurer, Receivers or Collectors, by the said Proclamation or Proclamations.

II. And whereas the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, have, in who are their said Address to your Majesty, delivered it as their Opinion, that the Publick do bear the Loss vey the same <0 4 arising from the Deficiency and Recoinage of the said Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, the Governor orovided such Deficiency doth not exceed the Rates settled by the Order of the Commissioners of your *£e B^lTof*

Majesty's Treasury of the twenty-third Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, j^and and provided such Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, be offered in Payment to the Receivers

or Collectors of the Publick Revenue, or are brought to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised to receive and exchange the same, within certain Times to be appointed by your Majesty's Proclamation or Proclamations: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have consented and agreed«to receive and exchange all the said Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, that shall be brought to their Office in London, on Condition that the Deficiency of the said Monies be made good to them, and that they be paid the necessary Charge of melting down and carting the same into Ingots,

and assaying the same: Now, in order that an Account may be more easily settled, and exactly adjuffed,

for the Purposes before mentioned,9 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the T ellers of his Majesty's Exchequer, and the Receivers General of the several Revenues, Impositions, Duties,

Taxes, Aids, or Supplies, in Great Britain, resident within the Cities of London and Westminster, do, and they are hereby rtridjy enjoined and required, to convey, or cause to be conveyed, all and every the said deficient Gold Coin, received or taken by them, as soon as conveniently may be, and within fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, at farthest, to the Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in London, there to be exchanged for such other Coin as shall from thenceforth be allowed to pass there tote tc-in Payment, and be current; and that the Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General for

of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and Teller of his Majesty's Exchequer there, do, and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required, in like °m* Manner, to convey, or cause to be conveyed, all and every the said deficient Gold Coin received or taken by them, as soon as conveniently may be, and within forty Days after the Receipt thereof at farthest, to the said Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in London, there to be exchanged for such other Coin as shall from thenceforth be allowed to pass in Payment, and be current; and the Coin which the said Tellers or Vice Treasurer, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or Receivers General, shall receive in Exchange for the said deficient Coin, shall be placed by them to the respective Accounts of the said particular Revenues, Taxes, Loans, or other Branches to which the deficient Coin did belong,

and shall be issued and applied to the same Uses and Purposes respectively to which the said deficient Gold Coin was appropriated, and ought to have been ill'ued and applied, without being diverted or divertible to anjr other Use or Purpose, or being misapplied, under the Penalty of incurring the same Forfeitures and Disabilities by the Officers, or other Persons concerned therein, as they would have incurred for diverting or misapplying the Money of such Taxes, Revenues, Loans, or other Branches, in case the same were not exchanged in Manner before mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall be appointed by Receivers his Majesty, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, to receive and exchange the said deficient po, nttd Gold Coin, do, and they are hereby respectively required, and rtridly enjoined, from Time to Time, ctfilicniCoia* to remit or fend, or cause to be remitted or font, all and every the said deficient Coin, received or taken,

or coming to their Hands, according to his Majesty's Proclam ition or Proclamations, as soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt thereof, to the Office of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in London, and in like Manner to fend, or cause to be sent, to the said Office, the Residue of such deficient Coin so by them received, if received within that Part of Great Britain called England, within the Space of twenty-one Days at farthest; and if within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Space of twenty-eight Days at farthest; and if within the Kingdom of Ireland, within the Space of forty Days at farthest, next after the Day oh which his Majesty's said Proclamation or Proclamations shall have declared that such Monies shall not be allowed to pass in any Payment whatsoever, in order that the said deficient Coin may be exchanged by the said Governor and Company, in Manner before mentioned, for any other Coin allowed from thenceforth to pass in Payment, or be current; and the said Governor and Company, of the Bank of England, upon Tender of any such deficient Gold Coin, by any of the Persons before mentioned, shall give, and they are hereby authorised and required to give in Exchange for such deficient Gold Coin, any other Coin from thenceforth allowed to pals in Payment, and be current.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Ewnunen to be Governor and Company of the Bank of England to constitute and appoint two or more Persons; which Governor of the said Persons, together with two or more Persons, to be appointed by the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords u7nYf an<Tthe Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively au- Lords', f the thorised and required, under the Direction of the Warden, Master, and Comptroller of his Majesty's Tnuiuiy. Mint, and their I)< puties, one of whom shall always be present, and of the Governor and Directors of

"the said Bank of England, one of whom shall always be present, from Time to Time, to take and state an exalt Account, as well of all the said deficient Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, then remaining in the Bank of England, as of all such Guineas, Half 'Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, which shall be received by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or be paid into the said Bink,\bv the several Persons-before-mentioned, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and to examine Vol.XU. S' whether

130 C. 70. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Treasury to Issue such Sums as shall appear to be the Amount of all Dcfiri-

SACCS,

and towards the

Expence of recoining the same ipto Aandard. Cpnent Money,

Commissioners / the Treasury to issue (out of 150.000l. hereby gunted) such Sums as are necessary to the Vice Treasurer, &c. of Ireland

who are to give Srcunty to the Lords < f Treasury, for exchanging and paying the same.

Persons authorised to cut and deface light Ctol4 Coro,

whether the same Is or are the Gold Coin of this Realm, and not of less Weight than is or shall be allowed at such Times respectively, in and by his Majesty's said Proclamation or Proclamations; and to cause all Monies as shall be found to be the Gold Coin of this Realm, and not of less Weight than is or shall be allowed as aforesaid, to be exactly numbered or told, and carefully weighed, and to set down and state an exact Account of the Deficiency found therein, and then to cause all the said Pieces to be cut, broken, or defaced; and then, with all convenient Speed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, an Account and Particular of all the several Matters aforesaid, under the Hands of the Persons by and before whom such Account or Accounts shall be taken, to the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being.

V. And whereas the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have resolved, that a Suih not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to your Majesty, towards defraying the Expence which shall be incurred in calling in and recoining the said deficient Gold Coin, in pursuance <5f 4 the Resolutions of the House of Commons of the tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain* or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and-he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to issue and apply, or cause to be issued, paid, and applied, from Time to Time, and as they shall see Occasion, out of the said Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, granted in this present Session of Parliament, such Sum and Sums of Money, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ as shall appear to be the Amount of such Deficiency and Deficiencies, to be taken and stated in Manner aforesaid 5 and likewise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be requisite to defray all Charges and Expences in melting down such deficient Money, and casting the same into Ingots, and allaying the same; and also to advance such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall see Occasion, from Time to Time, to the Master and Worker of his Majesty's Mint, for and towards the several Expences to be incurred in and about the Recoinage of the same, into the Standard current Money of this Realm; and also to grant a reasonable Reward to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to such Exchangers of the said Monies as his Majesty shall appoint for that rurpofb, and to all other Officers, Clerks, and Persons employed in and about the several Matters herein contained, and to discharge all such other incidental Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for thre Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby impowered by Warrant under their respective Hands* by and out of the said Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to issue, pay, and advance, such Sum and Sums of Money, as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, to the Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of lre!andy and his or their Deputy or Deputies, or to the Teller of the Exchequer there, or to such Person or Persons as {bailor may be appointed by his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purpose of exchanging, in Manner before mentioned, the said deficient Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, so as the said Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, and the said Teller of the Exchequer, and the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, first give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, duly to account for the same, and also for applying the same in getting in such deficient Coin as aforesaid, and for conforming himself and themselves to the Rules and Regulations herein-before mentioned, or such as shall be directed by his Majesty's Proclamation. or Proclamations, to be observed and performed concerning the receiving and exchanging such deficient Coin, and the Payment thereof, into the Bank within the respective Times appointed for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tellers in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and the Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Ins or their Deputy or Deputies, and the Teller of the Exchequer there, and all Receivers, Collectors, and other Officers of all his Majesty's Revenues wheresoever, and all other Persons whatsoever, are hereby authorised and required to cut, break, or deface, or cause to be cut, broken, or defaced, every Piece of Gold Coin of this Realm that shall be tendered to them, or any of them, in Payment after such Time and Times as any such Piece of Gold Coin shall, by virtue of any Proclamation of his Majesty in Council, be declared not to be allowed to pass in any Payment whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and the Person tendering the same shall bear the Loss; but if any such Piece so cut, broken, or defaced, shall be of due Weight, and appear to be lawful Money, the Person that cut, broke, or defaced the same, shall and is hereby required to take and receive the same at the Rate it was coined for: And if any Questions or Disputes shall arftc whether the Piece so cut be lawful Coin, within the Intent and Meaning of his Majesty's Proclamations, it shall be heard and finally determined by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer of any City or Town corporate where such Tender shall be made; and if such Tender shall be made out of any City or Town corporate, then by some Justice of the Peace of the County inhabiting or being near the Place where such Tender shall be made; and the said Mayor, or other Chief Officer and Justice of the Peace, shall have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath, as he shall see convenient, to any Person for determining any Questions relating to the Weight and lawful Currency of the said Piece of Coin.

[Person aggrieved to receive

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in all Cases where any Matter or Thing is by this Act enjoined to be done by any of his Majesty's Officers of the Exchequer in Great Britain

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 71. 131

or Ireland, or by any Receiver General, or any other Officer of his Majesty's Revenues there, and such Officer shall make wilful Default in the Performance thereof, by which any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be grieved, or suffer any Loss or Damage; then, and in every such Case, the Officer or Officers making such Default shall be liable, by virtue of this Act, to answer and pay double Damages to the Party fcrieved or injured; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures arising by this Act, in all Cases where no special Remedy is before appointed for Recovery thereof, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted.

double Damages from Defaulter».

Forfehire* re-coverib:c l*v Action of Debt.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the Exportation of the several Tools or Utensils made use of in preparing, working up, and finishing, the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom, or any or either of them, 4 or any other Goods wherein Cotton and Linen, or either of them, are used, will enable Foreigners to work up such Manufactures, and thereby greatly diminish the Exportation of the same from this King- dotn ;* Therefore, for preserving as much as poilible to his Majesty's British Subjects the Benefits arising from those great and valuable Branches of Trade and Commerce, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, any Person or Persons, in Great Britain or Ireland shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, load or put on board, or cause to be laden or put on board, of any Ship, Vessel, or Boar, which shall not be bound directly to some Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, any such Tools or Utensils as are commonly used in, or are proper for the preparing, working up, or fmifihing, of the Cotton or Linen Manufactures, or any or either of them, or any other Goods wherein Cotton and Linen, or either of them, are used, or any Parts or Parcels of such Tools or Utensils, by what Name or Names the same shall or may be called or known; the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, not only forfeit and lose all such 'Fools and Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, which shall be so laden or put on board as aforesaid, but also the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Court of Session in Scotland, or in any of the four Courts of Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, and for any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, to seize and secure, in some or one of his Majesty's Warehouses, all such 'Fools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, by this Act prohibited to be exported, as such Officer shall find or discover to be laid or put on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall not be bound directly to some Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, and that every Officer who shall seize and secure any of the said Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, shall be fully and absolutely indemnified for so doing; and all Tools and Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after Condemnation thereof in due Course of Law, be publickly sold to the best Bidder, and one Moiety of the Produce arising by the Sale of such T00I6 and Utensils shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall seize and secure the same as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of July, if the Captain or Master of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall knowingly permit any Tools or Utensils, by this Act prohibited to be exported as aforesaid, to be put on board his said Ship, Vessel, or Boat, every such Captain or Master shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; to be sued for and recovered in such Manner as the Penalties by this Act upon Persons exporting the said Tools and Utensils are to be sued for and recovered: And if the said Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belongs to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then the Captain or Master thereof shall not only forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered as aforesaid, but shall also forfeit his Employment, and be incapable of any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, or any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, shall take, or knowingly or willingly suffer to be taken, any Entry outward, or shall sign any Cocket, Warrant, or Sufferance, for the shipping or exporting of any of the said Tools or Utensils by this Act prohibited to be exported, or shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs of Great Britain, or Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be sued for and recovered, as aforesaid, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

[Anv Person collecting such Tools or Implements, in order

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the said first Day of July, shall collect, obtain, or have, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Took or Implements as aforesaid, or any Tools or Implements used in the Woollen or Silk Manufactures

[Preamble.]

After JJy f, 1774, Persons shipping Tools or Utensils d in the Cotton or Linen Manu-fadlorn, in or der totiport the same,

to forfeit all such To-)J», &c. and 200l.

Officer* of Customs to seize all Tool*, &c. on board such Vessels;

which miv b«

publickly fold j One Moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the Officer.

Master of a Ship permitting such Tools or Utrn-fils to be export* cd, forfeits acol

and if the Ship belong* to his Majesty, the Captain foTfeiti 200 k and his Commission. Officer of Customs allowing an Entry outward of such prohibited U;en« flit, to forfeit 200l. and his Office.

132 C. 72. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

to export the same,

on Complaint of Witnesses,

Justices may grant Warrants to seize them, and the Person;

and if nrt able to give a fatit* factory Account of the Use of such Uiends,

Jnflicei, for vant of proper Security, may commit the Offender:

And in caf% such Pertbo be con* dieted at any Afliac, &c. he shall lofeall such UtendiSjand forfeit zqo!.

One Moiety of Forfeiture* to go to his Majesty, and the other to the Prosecutor. Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Preamble.]

AH 7 Geo. i.

No higher Duty than 3d. for ' every Yard in

factures of this Kingdom, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, and Complaint shall be made upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, that theie is reason to believe such Person or Persons have or hath collected, obtained, or got into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, such "Pools or Implements as aforesaid, or Parts or Parcels thereof, with Intent to export the same to some other Port or Place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, unto whom such Complaint shall be made, to issue his Warrant or Warrants, not only to seize all such Tools or Implements, and Parts or Parcels thereof, but also to brine the Person and Persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his Majesty's Justices of the reace for the same County, Riding, Division, or City; and if, when such Person or Persons shall be so brought before such Justice or Justices, he, she, or they, shall not give such an Account of the Use or Purpose to which such Tools or Utensils, of Part* or Parcels thereof, are intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the Tuftrce or Justices before whom he, she, or they, shall be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, not only to cause all such Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, which shall have been seized as aforesaid, to be detained, but also to bind the Person or Persons so charged to appear at the next Assizes, General Gaol Delivery, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, or Division, where, such Offence shall be committed, with reasonable.Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person or Persons shall-refuse or neglect to give such Security, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and Justices to commit the Person or Persons so refusing to the County Gaol, there to be kept until the next Assizes, or next Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Riding, or Division, where such Commitment shall be, at the Election of such Justice of the Peace, and until he, she, or they, shall be delivered by due Course of Law: And in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted upon any Indictment or Information against him, her, or them, at such Assize or General Gaol Delivery, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, of collecting, obtaining, or getting into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, such Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, with such Intent as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, the Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, not only forfeit and lose all such Tools and Utensils, and Parts and Parcels thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, but also the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session in Scotland\ or in any of the four Courts fct Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the respective Forfeitures by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against the same, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall file and prosecute for the same respectively.

[Treble Costs.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be commenced within six Months after the Fact committed; and the Person* so sued, may file common Bail, or enter a common Appearance, and plead the General Issue, Not Guilty; and may give this Act, and the Special Matter, in F* idence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him or her, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for ascertaining the T5uty on printed, painted, stained, or died Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and qianufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof* under certain Regulations.

WHEREAS a new Manufacture of Stuffs, wholly made of Raw Cotton Wool (ehrefly imported from the British Plantations), hath been lately set up within this Kingdom, in which Manufac- ture many Hundreds of poor Persons are employed: And whereas the Use and Wear of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stufts, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, ought to be allowed under proper Regulations: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said new-manufactured Stuffs ought to be considered as Callicoes, and as such, if printed, painted, stained, or dyed with any Colour or Colours (such as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only excepted), liable to the Inland or Excite Duties laift on Callicoes, when printed, painted, stained, or dyed, with any Colour or Colours (except as aforesaid), by the Statutes made, and now in Force, concerning the same; and whether the Wearing or Use of the said new-manufactured Stuffs, when the same are primed, painted, stained, or dyed, ate not prohibited by an Atft, passed in the seventh-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,* An Act to preserve and encourage the tVcoUvn and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the life and IFear of all printed. Tainted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the twenty- ffib Day of December, one thousand fcveii hundred and twenty-two (except as therein is excepted) :* For obviating all such Doubts for the future, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with tho Adviceband Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of she fame. That no greater or higher Duty than Three-pence for every Yard in Length,- reckoning Yard wide, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity, shall be imposed, raised, levied, collected, or paid, uinto and for the Use of his

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 72. 133

Length, Yard wide, to be levied on the manufactured Stuffs.

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on the said new-manufactured Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton spun in, Length, VjH Great Britain* when printed, stained, painted, of dyed, with any Colour or Colours* vii^onihcncwl

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to use or wear, within the Kingdom of Great Britain* either as Apparel, Houshold Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, any new-manufactured Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton spun in Great Britain* when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, with any Colour or Colours; any Thing in the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And, to the End it may be known that such Stuffs were manufactured in Great Britain be it further enacted, That in each Piece of the said new-manufactured Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton Wool, spun in Great Britain* there shall be wove in the Warp, in both Selvages, through the whole Length thereof, three blue Stripes, each Stripe of one Thread only; the first of which said Stripes shall be the first or outermost Thread of the Warp of each Salvage; the Second of which said Stripes shall be the third Thread; and the third of which said Stripes, shall be the fifth Thread of the Warp from each Selvage; and that each Piece of the same Stuffs, when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in England* Wales* or Berwick ttf on Ttveed% be damped at each End with a Stamp, to be provided for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or by the Officers employed or to be employed under them, and instead of the Word Callico, which stands for Foreign Callicoes, each Piece be marked with the Words, British Manufactory; and that each Piece of the same Stuff?, when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Scotland* be stamped at each End with a Stamp, to be provided for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Exctfe in Scotland for the Time being, or by the Officers employed or to be employed under them, and instead of the Word Callico, which stands for foreign Callicoes, each Piece be marked with the Words* British Manufactory.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, shall expose, or cause to be exposed, to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, in Great Britain* any Stuffs wholly made of Cotton, and primed, painted, stained, or dyed (Mullins, Neckcloths, and Fustians excepted), wherein shall not be woven in the Warp, in both Selvages, only through the whole Length of each Piece three blue Stripes (unless for Exportation), then such Perfofc or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate so offending, shall not only forfeit all and every such last mentioned Stuff's so exposed, or caused to be exposed, to Sale, or which shall be in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, but shall also forfeit for every Piece thereof the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and divided in Manner herein after mentioned; save only such Stuffs as are wholly made of Cotton Wool, and which have been, or shall be, manufactured in Great Britain and which shall be marked or stamped on or before the seventeenth Day of August* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, by some Officer to be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise; all which last mentioned Stuffs, so manufactured and marked or stamped, it shall and may be lawful to expose, or cause to be exposed, to Sale, or for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, to have in his, her, or their Custody or Post'tffion; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Cotton Velvets, Velverets, or other Fustians, manufactured in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Penalties in the said recited Act, which may have been incurred for the wearing or using any Sort of the said new-manufactured Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton Wool, spun in Great Britain and printed, painted, stained, or dyed, within the Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be recovered or levied, unless some Prosecution for the same hath been already commenced, and Judgment already obtained thereupon; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty of Three-pence for every Yard in length, reckoning Yard wide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be imposed, jaised, levjed, collected, and paid, upon the said new-manufactured Stuffs wholly made of Cotton, spun in Great Britain* when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in England* Wales* or Berwick upon Tweed* -shall he under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and the Officers employed, or to be employed, under them; and that the Lid Duty upon the same Stuffs, when printed, stamed, painted, or dyed, in Scotland* shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, and the Officers to be employed under them; and that the said respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, pay, cr cause to be paid, all the Monies that they shall respectively receive for the said Duty of T hreepence for every such Yard as aforesaid, upon the same Stuff's, when printed, stained, painted, or dyed, as the same shall arise into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are to be Inflicted under or by virtue of any Act, Statute, or Law made, and now in Force, for diverting or misapplying any Monies by any such Act, Statute, or Law, appropriated

or appointed for any the Purposes therein expressed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners to be ap-Tpointed for managing the said Duty upon the said new-manufactured Cotton Stuffs, when printed, ffained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, as afcreUk), shall, on or before the fifth Day of July, orfe thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, proviJe proper Seals or Stamps, for marking such of the said new-manufactured Cotton Stuffs to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, as aforesaid, as are to be stamped and marked, for and in order to the charging of the said Duty for the same; and shall cause the said Seals or Stamps to be distributed to the respective Officers, for the several Purposes before mentioned;

All Persons maf wear and use the same.

Marks, to knew that such Stuffs are manufactured in Bi irafn9 to be wove the yfaif.

Persons exposing such to Bale without the Mark, f

(unless for Exportation}, fha forfeit the Stuffs, and 50I, for every Piece. Exception.

Cotton Velvets, or Fustians, exacted

No future Recovery of Penalties to be m.-de by virtue of awl 7 Geo. i.

Duty to be le*

v>d in Kngl. nd by the Comm 1 ffijnets of Excise,

and by the said Commissioners in Scotland

nd to be paid in'o the Receipt of Exchequci

Commissioners to provide proper Seals or Stamps before July 5. 1774.

134 C. 72. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

which may be renewed.

Persons counterfeiting Stamps to suffer Death.

Persons importing such Stufts to forfeit Inch, and iol. for every Piece.

PetTons felling counterfeited Sttfis to fufftr Death;

Vpon Information of unftarrp-rd Stuffs being in Custody of any Draper j

ComnrfTioners, or two Justices, may cause the fcime to beleized.

t)ne Moie'y of the Prndties to the King, and the other to the informer.

P*v/err, Rules, and Penahies now in Force, in Excise Law% to be used iel»-five to this Act,

Proof of the Stuff being manufactured in Britain to Jic on the Owner,

which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using the same, to do as little Hurt or Damage as may be to the Stuffs to be so marked or damped: And the said respective Commissioners, in providing the said respective Seals or Stamps, shall take care that they be so contrived that the Impression thereof may be durable, and so as the same may be lead liable to be forged or counterfeited; and that the said Seals or Stamps, or any of them, shall or may be allowed or renewed, from Time to Time, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall think fit: And if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any of the Stuffs chargeable by this Act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Duty thereupon to be chargeable or payable in respect thereof, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Gases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, shall import or bring into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, any Callicoes, Muslins, or any other Goods or Stuffs whatsoever made of Linen Yarn only, or of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool mixed, or made wholly of Cotton Wool, wherein shall be wove in the Warp in either or both Selvages only, through the whole or any Part of the Length of each Piece, one or more blue Stripe or Stripes of one or more Thread or Threads; such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, shall not only forfeit and lose all and every such Callicoes, Muslins, Goods, or Stuffs, which shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, but shall also forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for each Piece thereof; to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, fell any printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, all and every such Offender and Offenders, their Aiders, Abettor*, and Assistants, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times hereafter, upon Oath made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, she, or they, have reason to suspect or believe that any printed, painted, (lained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, for which a Duty ought to have been paid or charged, as aforesaid, are or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Draper, or other Person or Persons trading or dealing the rein, or for any Person or Persons for the Use oj Account of such Draper or other Trader or Dealer for Sale, without having thereupon such Marks or Stamps as are by this Act required to denote the Payment, or Charging, of the said Duties thereupon; it shall and may be lawful.to and for the Commissioners who shall be appointed for the Duties upon Silk, Callicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, (lained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or the major Part of them, within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or any two Justices of the Peace in any other Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Time to Time, to issue their respective Warrants or Orders, thereby authorising and requiring any Officer or Officers for the same Duties (with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace), in the Day-time, to search for the same, and to open Doors, Trunks, Chells, and Package, and to seize such Goods, and to bring them to the Office for the said Duties, next to the Place where they shall be so seized, in order to a further Proceeding thereupon, according to this Act; and that every such Warrant and Order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall be incurred as aforesaid, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his' Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager in Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; such Information or Informations, to be entered, filed, and prosecuted in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of feme Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of the Customs or Excise, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majestys Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by any Act, Statute, or Law made, and now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Excise or Inland Duty or Duties, for and upon any Callicoes or Stuffs whatsoever, when printed, llained, painted, or dyed, with any Colour or Colours, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paving the said Duty of Three-pence for every such Yard as aforesaid, upon the said new-manufactured Stulls, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Cl aufes, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Question shall arise,

whether any of the said new-manufactured Stufts, wholly made of Cotton, have been manufactured in Great Britain, the Proof of their having been manufactured in Great Britain shall lie upon the Owner or Owners of such Scuffs, and not upon the Prosecutor; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73. 135

.

A6t 12 Geo. 3..

recited.

After June a 4;

1774, lo far as

relates to Dif¬

tillers of Low

Wine, hereby

re-enacted.

After June 14;

1774, Distillers •

to have their

Stills of the Djj

mentions men¬

tioned j viz.

Wash Still to

c »ntain 400

Gallons,

Low Wine Still,f

100 Gallon*, on 1

Penalty of icol,.

Di fliller? to

make Holes or

Openings in the

Erejft of their

which flu 11 not

be above five

Inches fqunre ia .

a V/aih Still,

under the Rr§«« •

hpuons of 12

Geo. 3.

Distillers to affix *

fufheien: Locks, ,

race Doors of

Stills;

and the Oflncerl-

to secure the

fame,

and attend to open them.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to extend so much of an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect to the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[Act 12 Geo. 3. recited.]

intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to Tea^ Act

Soap, Low Jlrmesy and Spirits^ it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Stills and Utensils of recited*

Distillers and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain should be secured by Locks and Fastenings, as in and by the said recited Act is provided 5 which Provision has been found advantageous to the fair Trader and the Revenue, and the extending the like Powers and Regulations to all Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits for Sale, from whatever Materials such Low Wines and Spirits shall or may be drawn, is likely to produce the same good Effect;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the After Jund^ twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said recited Act, and 1774,10 far as every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, so far as relates to Distillers and Makers of Low D*

Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain (other than such as are hereby altered, amended, or enlarged), win"thereby shall be, and are hereby re-enacted and declared to extend to all and every Distiller and Maker of Low re-enacted. Wines and Spirits, Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits, from whatsoever Material or Materials, Preparation or Preparations, the same Low Wines or Spirits shall be extracted, drawn, made, reClified, or compounded.

II. And, for the better remedying the Evils which the said recited Act was intended to prevent, After June 14,

and for rendering the Provisions thereof more effectual,' be it further enacted by the Authority tVKi-their'1*' aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Stills of the DU seventy-four, no Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale shall have in his, her, or their mer.fmns men-Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons, in Trust, or for the > vu.

Use or Benefit of him, her, or them, any Still or Stills but of the Content herein after mentioned; that Still to

is to say. Every Still for distilling any Sort of fermented Worts or Waft, and commonly called The IVaJl) c>main4co Sti/!9 shall contain at least four hundred Gallons in the Body of such Still, exclusive of the Head, ai>d GA*lons> every Still for distilling Low Wines, and commonly called The Low Wine Still, shall contain in the Body Low wine Still ' thereof, and exclusive of the Head, at least one hundred Gallons, on Pain to forfeit, for every Still con- 100 Gallon?, on taining respectively a less Number of Gallons than as above mentioned, the Sum of one hundred ^altyoficol. Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Distiller and Maker of Low EM'l!er?to Wires and Spirits for Sale, and every Rectifier and Compounder of Spirits, shall, on or before the said o^ni^s1?°the twenty-fourth Day of func> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and every Person who shall rf^fto^their thereafter so distil or make Low Wines or Spirits, or shall reCIify or compound Spirits, (lull, before he, s-ii s f.-r thtUfc she, or they, begin so to distil, rectify, or compound, make, or cause to be made (with the Approbation 01 Gaugers* of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, of the District or Division in which their Workhouses are or may be situate), in the Breast of every Still by him, her, or them, used, a Hole or Opening, to the Intent that the Gaugers and Officers of Excise may take Gauges and Samples at the Time, and in the Manner, herein after directed; which Hole or Opening in the Wash Still shall not be more than five "hion ft-II nde Inches square, and so contrived, that the Officers of Excise may take a Gauge or Gauges thereof with a Cork and Rule, and in every other Still, not being a Waft Still, the Hole or Opening shall not be less a \vJh Sti/l, than one Inch and half an Inch in Diameter, and so contrived that the Officers may take a Sample or &c.

Samples from the Still with a Phial, to be drawn perpendicularly through the same; and the said Holes or Openings shall be locked and secured in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and under the Rfgn* Penalties, as by the said recited Act are directed for securing the Still Heads, and other Conveyances Janon»ofia thereinto, of Distillers and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain. co# 3#

IV. And, the more effectually to prevent Distillers, Rectifiers, and Compounders, from working in Distillers to a fine-'

the Absence of the Officers of Excise,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from fofiiciem Leeks, and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June*, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, every * Doors* *7" Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale, Rectifiers and Compounders, shall, at his, her, or £. °°rl 0 their own Expence, find, provide, and affix, sufficient Locks, Keys, and battenings (to he approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall respectively reside), to the Furnace Door of each and every Still respectively by him, her, or them, used; and the Officers of Excise dull be permitted to lock and secure the said Furnace Doors of each and every Still respectively, under c

their Survey, at any Time when such Stills are not at work; and whenever such Distiller or Maker of and attend to* Low Wines or Spirits shall be desirous to light a Fire under such Still or Stills, and to hive the said Fur- opcnUumr-race Doors ripened, and shall have given Notice in Manner as herein after is directed then, and in every such. Case, the Officers of Excise shall attend to open the same.

136 C. 73. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Locks and Keys to be affixed to the Discharge Cocks of WaA Stiils, Sec

Distillers refusing to comply are to forfeit 50l.

Officers f attend to open Furnace Door*, apon Notice given by DiAil-krs.

Whet Time requisite t give Notice to ( ffi-ceii when Dtf-tiller? intena to charge their £uUi*

The Number

and Mark of W.tfhbavhes to be signified in the Notice to be given }

cr such Notice ^laall be void.

penalty for charging Wash Stills not men* tiru*d in the Notice, tool*

Officers of E*. «ifc may take ' Still Gauges, and Samples of the same, a pav ng t s od, for the Wafti, and 4 d for the S,vnt Wash per Gallon.

If any more Wash has been put in the Sull than what can be accounted for, Did;Her to pay double Duty for the

V. And be it further enacted by the Authffity aforesaid, That every Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale, shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix, sufficient Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to the Discharge Cock of every Wash Still, and of every Low Wine Still, by him, her, or them used; and the Officers of JExcise shall be permitted, if they fee Cause, to lock and secure such Discharge Cocks at any Time when such Still or Stills shall be at work: And if any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Rectifier or Compounder, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, presume to distil, or to make Low Wines or Spirits, or to rectify or compound Spirits, before he, she, or they, shall have caused such Holes or Openings to be made, with the Approbation of the Surveyor or Supervisor as aforesaid, and before he, she, or they, shall have found, provided and affixed, sufficient Keys, Locks, and Fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every such Furnace Door, and to every such Discharge Cock respectively to each Still, to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used, according to the Directions herein given, or shall refuse to pay for such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; he, she, or they, shall, for each Offence, forfeit fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be desirous to have the Furnace Door of his, her, or their Still or Stills unlocked, and shall have given the like Notice and in the Manner as by the above-recited Act is directed to be given for opening the Stills of such Distillers and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn or Grain; then, and in every such Case, the Officers of Excise shall attend to open the same; and when any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Molasses, or other Material (not being Corn or Grain), or any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, shall be desirous to have the Furnace or burnaces of his Still or Stills opened, he, she, or they, *if within the weekly Bill of Mortality, shall, twelve Hours at least, and in other Parts of Great Britain^ twenty-four Hours at least, before the particular Hour or Time of the Day or Night when he, she, or they, intend to have the same opened, give Notice, in Writing, to the Officer of Excise who surveys his, her, or their Stillhouse, who, on receiving such Notice, shall attend accordingly: And when such Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Molasses, or other Material (not being Corn or Grain), shall be desirous to charge his, her, or their Wash Still or Wash Stills, he, she, or they, if within the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall give Notice, in Writing, to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they, then is or are, tour Hours at least, or in other Parts of Great Britain, eight Hours at least, of the particular Hour or Time of the Day when he, she, or they, intend to charge such Wash Still or Wash Stills; which Notices ' for opening the Furnace Doors of Distillers from Molasses, or other Material (not being Corn or Grain), and also for charging the Wash Stills of such Distillers, shall be given at the Times herein mentioned; that is to say, from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly, betweeil the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening; and from the twenty-fifth Day of Atarch to the twenty-ninth Day of September^ yearly, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Five in the Evening; and in case such Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Molasses, or other Material (not being Corn or Grain), shall not begin to charge his, her, or their Wash Still at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after, such Notice shall, in every Case respectively, be null and void; and the Distiller and Maker, in such Case respectively, shall be obliged to give another like Notice, in Writing, before the Officer shall be obliged to tttend the charging of such Scili or Stills, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spiiits for Sale shall give Notice, in Writing, to the Officers of Excise, of his Intention to charge his Wr.lh Still or Wash Stills, as by this and the said recited Act is directed and required; every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall express, in such Notice, the particular Washba'ch and Washbatches, from which he intends to change his Wash Still or Wash Stills, anfl shall, in such Notice, describe the Number and Aiatk of such Washbatch and Washbatches; and if such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, shall neglect to express the particular Washbatch or Washbatches, with the Number and Mark, every such Notice shall be null and void; and every such Distiller or Myker of Low Wines or Spirits shall be obliged to give fresh Notice.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits shall at any Tim: charge his Wash Still or Wash Stills from any Washbatch or Washbatches not particularly mentioned or described in the Notice, as aforesaid, or shall discharge from, or take out of, any Still any Feints or spent Wash, contrary to the Directions of this Act; then, and in every such Case, he, she, or they, shall, for each Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise shall be permitted, and they are hereby impowered, to take Still Gauges, as well of spent Wash and Feints as of the Charge of the Wash Still and Wash Stills, at any Time or Times after the Still or Stills are charged, and before the Still or Stills come to work, and to take Samples of the same, at any Time or Times after the Still or Stills are charged, and before the Still or Stills come to work, and also after the Still or Stills are off, paying, if demanded, after the Raieof one Shilling and Sixpence per Gallon for the Wash, and Four-pence per Gallon for spent Wash and Feints so taken: And if the Officer, in taking such Gauge or Gauges, Sample or Samples, shall discover that 'any Wash has been put into any Still except the known Wash Still, or into the Wash Still without the Notice herein mentioned and required; or shall find any Increase in such Still or Stills more than can be accounted for by the Compare with the Decrease, from the Washbatch or Washbatches particularly'mentioned and expressed in the Notices to be given, as above directed; or if such Officer, on comparing the Quantity of Low Wines charged with the spent Wash remaining in the Wash Still, shall find a greater Proportion than could arise from the Quantity of Wash taken Account of in the Washbatches pumped into such Wash Still; then, and in each and every such Case,- such Increase shall be deemed and taken to be made ficm some Washbatch or Washbatches not mentioned in such Notice, and the Officer shall, in every such

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73. 137

Case, and he is hereby required and directed to charge such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits with double the Duty from the presumptive Charge; and such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or

Spirits shall pay such double Duty accordingly;

[and no Allowance

View of the Officer.]

and no Allowance shall be made to any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, for any beints. Water, or other Liquor whatsoever, on any Pretence *nce for

put into such Wash Still or Waft Stills, but such as shall have been put into such Still or Stills in the *c- tot*mi «t

Sight and View of the proper Officer of Excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Officer of Excise shall at any Time discover, at the Still- ifthe Officerdlf-house of any such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Rectifier or Compounder, in any Still or i.nan|' Stills, other than the known Waft Stills, any Waft put into or mixed* with the Low Wines or Spirits St‘Jl? in such Still or Stills, every such Distiller or Maker, Rectifier or Compounder, shall, for every such Of- still, Wash n»x-fence, forfeit one hundred Pounds. t ed with Low

Wines, Sec, the Distiller to pay 1001.

XI. And whereas it may frequently happen, that Notices given under the Directions of this and of HowtheOffker

the above-recited Act may be given by more than one Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, may ^hm

Rectifier or Compounder, in the same Division or District, and each of those Notices may express'the faftie [cve?‘

4 Hour or Time for the Officer of Excise to attend for the Purposes of the said Act, whereby the Officers

maybe greatly harafted be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Officer of Excise shall attend at the Workhouse of any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, according to the Notice, or within one Hour after the particular Hour or Time mentioned in any such Notice, it shall be sufficient.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if by any Means, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any Person stall open any Furnace Door, Discharge Cock, or any Fattening on the Holes or Openings in the Breads of any Still Or Stills, after the same shall have been locked or secured by the Officer of Excise; or shall wilfully hurt or damage any Lock, or other Fattening; every such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, hinder, or oppose any of the said Officers, in the Execution of the Powers given to him by this Act, the Person or Persons offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, iroposed by this Act, shall be fufed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne% it was enacted,

That there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Soap which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, should be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain^ over and above all former Customs or Subsidies, the Sum of Two pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and for and upon all Soap which, during the said Term should be made within the said Kingdom, the Sum of one Penny for every such Pound Weight Avoirdupois: And whereas by one other Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, it was enacted, That the further Duty of one Penny, for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Soap so to be imported or brought into this Kingdom, and the further Duty of one Halfpenny for every such Pound Weight of Soap to be made in the said Kingdom, should be raised,

levied, collected, and paid, for the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the Time therein mentioned: And whereas by the said hrft-rfccited Act, it being judged reasonable to give an Ease qr Encouragement to Persons employed in making or finishing Woollen Manufactures, it was therefore

further enacted, That there should be paid to the said Manufacturers so much as one-third Part of the Duty granted by the said Act, for all Soap employed, spent, and consumed, in the making, finishing,

or preparing any Manufacture of Sheep or Lambs Wool, upon Proof thereof made, as in and by the said Act is directed and required: And whereas by the said recited Act of the twelfth of her said late Majesty, it was provided and enacted, That durinv the Continuance of the Duties on Soap by that Act grantee, there should be paid to all Persons who mould employ, spend, or consume, any Quantity of Soap in any Manufacture of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, of irt Whittning of new Linen in the Piece, upon Proof thereof, as in and by the said last recited Act is directed, so much as the whole Duties by the said Act granted: And whereas the said several above recited Acts, and the Duties, Allowances, and Payments thereby granted and given, have been made perpetual: And whereas great Quantities of British-made Soap have of late beeh sold to the said Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, as and for Foreign Soap imported into this Kingdom, and such Manufacturers having employed, spent, and consumed the said Soap so purchased in the Manufacture of Wool and Linen, have applied to the proper Officers of Excise in their several Collections and Districts for the Allowance by the said several Statutes granted, and have claimed Payment of the Duties as for Soap imported', whereby the Revenue has been-grea^y

lessened For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, there shall be paid to every such Manufacturer of Wool or Linen, as aforesaid, for all Soap employed, spent, or consumed, by him,

Any Person opening Furnace *Dooft, Discharge Cocks, See, after being fattened by the Officer, forfeits soo 1. Persons obstruct. ing Officers for* feit tool*

Fines, Forfeitures, Sec, how to be fuel for,

and how to bt

applied.

Act io Aon*

recited, vela ting to Importation and making of Soap.

Act it Ann*

recited, respecting Manufactur* ets who make use of Soap,

After 24. June, 1774, there shall be paid to every Manufacturer of

138 C. 74 - 76. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Wool the Duties her, or them, in such Manufactory, whether such Soap be imported into, or made in this Kingdom only, made in this* rnuC^ duties as are now paid for Soap made in this Kingdom; any Law, Statute, or Usage,

Kingdom. notwithstanding.

payments*to be

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Payment shall be made on made atdiieaed the like Proofs, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Oaths, Affirmations, Pains, and Penalties, as Itcite* *n an<* ky the said above-recited Acts are directed and required.

Persont proTe*

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be cutedfbrany sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Thing done by Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, ip this A a mty his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants,%

plead the Gam* or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, on Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or De-Treble Costs. fendants fbalihave Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of Great

Raisins.

Preamble, reciting

'WHEREAS in and by the Book of Rates referred to by the A d of Tonage and Poundage, bvdT ma<k in 'be twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Raisins Great the Hundred

Raw Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, are rated at one Pound ten Shillings; and in and 12 Car. a. 9 by the additional Book of Rates referred to by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his indue* i. 4 late Majesty King George the First, Raisins of Alicant* Deni a, and other Raisins not otherwise rated,

the Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, are rated at no more than ten Shillings: And whereas it has been found, by Experience, that the Duties payable upon Great Raisins,

according to the Rate herein-before mentioned, are too high in Proportion to the real and true Value of such Raisins, which has been a great Discouragement to the Importation thereof, to the Prejudice of the Revenue and Trade of this Kingdom For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and After 14 June, by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred ar>d 1774, Duties seventy-four, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins, according to the said Rate 6f W^ythe one pound ten Shillings per Hundred Weight, mall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, importation of* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in lieu of the said former Rates and Raiftns, to cease. Duties repealed by this Act^ all Great Raisins, or Raisins usually entered under that Denomination,

Great Raisins which, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, shall be

°W imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall be rated to, and pay the old Subsidy granted by the A d of

, Car Tonage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, according to the Rate and Value of ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve

Pounds, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity of such Raisins; and the several further Subsidies? additional Duties, and all other Imposts and Duties whatsoever, to which such Raisins were subject and liable before the making of this Act, shall, in like Manner, be paid proportionally, according to the Rate or Value herein-before set thereon for the old Subsidy, and not according to any former Rate or Value; any Thing in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

How the Subsidies

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions, and Adies and lapo» Duties, made payable by this Act upon such Raisins, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, JitioAsire t#be and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and raised and ap- Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as the said former 'Subsidies, and f IC other Duties, were raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and were subject and liable to,

and all the*rowers. Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, contained in the several Acts of Parliament, which granted or continued the same respectively, shall continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, paying, and applying, the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act.

---

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for enlarging the present, or providing a new Workhouse, for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street, and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Friars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Christ Church.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for redeeming the Sum of one Million of the Capital Stocks of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. 139

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cases.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS many Persons, by Losses and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by Sea or Land, yet are detained in Prison by their Creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such unhappy Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of publick Compassion, and, by several Acts of Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned; for the Relief, therefore, of Insolvent Prisoners and Fugitives, who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act, to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover upon Oath, and deliver up and assign, all their Effects and Estates whatsoever, for the Benefit of their Creditors, and to prevent, as far as possible, the many Frauds and Abuses, which, in a great Measure, have obstructed the good Ends of such Acts;' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Alphabetical Lists to be made out of Prisoners in Custody for Debt on April 28, 1774, or since that Date;]

---

That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, in any County^ Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and — every Person or Persons, who, upon the twenty-eighth Day of April, seventy-four, was or were, or.

One thousand seven hundred

out of Pnfcmer* ,nj in Custody for and Debt on April

at any Time since, nave been* and at the Time of making out every such 1774, u Lift (Hall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler, or Gaolers, or Keeper since that Date $ of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs,

Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise, and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or with the Time Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or when charged* Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; "? 4t wJxofc and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at feme Adjournment thereof, for such County, Slivered to the Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty refeectively. Quarter

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of The Warden of the King's Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their refeec- the Fleet, and tive Custody, take an Oath, in the Open Court of such General Quarter Section of the Peace, or attome Marshal of Adjournment thereof, to the Effed following; (that is to say :) Prison, totakt

'I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and ^h^nleiWerj 4 X declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and con- ingintbturLiAti 4* tained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gao! of (insert the Name of the Prison)) at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respe&ivrly mentioned 5 and also, that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the

second Part of the said Lift, how by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, been committed or for- rendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (insert the Name of the Gaol or Prison), at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except such Person or Perons who is or

are in such Lift particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison, by Process of Law, since the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and also except such Person or Persons who is or are in such Lift particularly

£ otw4 A*Cr*rt\\mA kauh VtA.n n.rmkono nAna aii^ a( »k. A Pa»IOva« kn t* Pnlaa

Person or Persons who is or are therein also particularly 'mentioned and described to have, uj>on the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or since, been in the Rules of the said Prison (of the Fleet) or King's Bench, as the Case shall be), by Leave of the (Warden, or Mar- Jhal tf the said Prison, as the Case Jhau be); and have, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief* really and truly, ever since, continued and remained in actual Custody in the said Prison (of the Fleet, or Kings Bench, as the Case shall be), or the Liberties thereof, at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons in the said Lift respectively mentioned; f and if any Prisoner or Prisoners hath or have, fsneo the said Twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, escaped out of either of the said Prisons, then insert), except (insert the Name or Names of the Prisoner or Prisoners who have escaped), 4 who, without my Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, hath or have escaped out of the said Prison of and that the said Lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just Lift of

all such Persons who were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and who, since the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, Prisoner or Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of ________ or the Liberties thereof; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or

140. C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Other Gaolers, on delivering in their Lists, to take the following Oath.

The Oath to be administered by the Justices in Court,

and entered and subscribed at the Bottom of each List.

List to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace.

Copies of the Lists to be delivered in to be fixed up in the Prisons, and on the Gates thereof.

Persons inserted in the Lists being Prisoners,

with Design, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament, to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered themselves, or been committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or since the said twenty-eighth Day of -jIprilj one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four-, to nay Knowledge, or with my Privity, have resided out of the said Prison of or the Rul^s thereof, (but if any ba*vc so done, add, except

naming such by Name)*

And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Prisons. in any County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift respectively, take an Oath, io the open Court of the General Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Town, Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such Lift, and swear to the Effect following; (that is to say):

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in th^ Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and de-

X dare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names are inserted or contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subsetibed, was and were, to the best of my Know- ledge and Belief, upon the twenty-eighth Day of April* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four,

really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the rrifon or Gaol of

4 at the Suit or Suits of the Ceveral persons therein respectively mentioned, and also that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said Liftnow by me delivered in, and subscribed, as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty-eighth

Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, been committed or surrendered to the said

Gaol or Prison of (if any such Pri/iner or Prisoners hath or have, fttice the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, been committed or furren- daredto such Gaol or Prison), at the Suit or STuits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned, except (if any Exception is necessary) such Persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison by Process of Law, or to have escaped out of such Prison, without my Privity, Knowledge, or Consent, since the said twenty-eighth Day of Abril, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and that all and every of ihem, whose Name and Names is and are contained in the first Parc of the said Lift (except as before excepted), to

the best of my Knowledge and Belief, have really and truly continued in actual Custody in the said

4 Gaol or Prison of ever since the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four 5-and that the said Lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just Lift of all such Persons as were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of

4 on the said Twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and

who, since the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said Gaol, or Prison of (except.

as before excepted), to the best of my Knowledge and Belief; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily/ or with Design, or in Expectation, to take any Be- nefit, from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered or Vbeen committed to the said Prison of or got his, her, or their Name or Names

entered as Prisoner or Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or, since their Commitment* have, 4 to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, resided out of the said Prison of

[if any have so done, then add, except, inserting their Names'}*

Which said respective Oaths the said Justices, at the first or second General Quarter Session aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby impowered and required, to administer in open Court;, and the Words of the said Oath herein before directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which, shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in opeik Court; and the Words of the Oath, to be taken by every other Gaoler or Keeper respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered by them respectively and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively, in open Court: And every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace*. Town Clerk, or other Officer aftinz as Cltik of the Peace of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, rnd Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named; and-so as the same may, from Time to Time, be ieen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors of Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Goaler and Gaolers, and Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, ten Days at lead before the first or feconcfe

% General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be held, after the passing of this Act, for the County, Ridings Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which any Gaol or Prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the mod frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance, into every such Prison, three, or more true Copies of the List or Lists* proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the Lid General or Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment f hereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said Twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. 141

of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into, without a frau-or get his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a P/ifoner or Prisoners <Ju!;n iimen iion>-there, with a View or Design to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debrors, and who 4?cJn*!rm-shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to ing^o\he Rcgu. be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her Imprison- lanor.i of thi» ment, in such Manner as hereafter is provided. be

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prisoner or Prisoners who pfcrharge<?' f shall be in adhial Custody at the Time of passing this Act, and was or were, on or before the said twenty- tody^ the Time eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, arrested, and in actual Custody of an of passing this Officer, for any Sum or Sums of Money, by virtue of any Writ or Process ifluine out of any Court of a a, who were Record, and held to Bail thereon, and did, on or before the sixteenth Day of may, one thousand seven irreiied for Debt hundred and seventy-four, surrender him, her, or themselves, or was or were surrendered in Discharge ®"°.r.b^0,e of his, her, or their Bari, and thereupon committed to Prison, and has or have continued therein, until ^beld

the passing of this Act, by virtue of such Commitment; every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, upon due and surrendeie/ Proof of the Premises upon Oath, be discharged from such Debt or Demand, in like Manner as if such on or before Prisoner or Prisoners had been actualty in Prison upon the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand M*yiM774* seven hundred and seventy-four, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same Re- the R0r,d"5 (trillions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, here- ti°on*of this Act in-before imposed upon Prisoners adtaally in Custody upon the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one fluiibedischarg* thousand seven hundred and seventy-four $ and also fobbed to the same Terms and Provisions relating to cd. the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Justices, upon

County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petitions of the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall be so petitioned a true Copy of the Esutt, Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant undernis Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or She- «re to issue theb riffs. Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or W*mntfor Justices, to bring before the Justices, at the first or second next General Quarter Session of the Peace, or pq^JJothe any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten (^awSefliow* Days from the Date of such Warrant for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, &T. or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants with the w*r-of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they, is rant of Detainee or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; which Warrant of *nd Copy of the every such justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler, or Keeper, is and are hereby com- to.

manded to obey.

pbey such War-

VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such rant.

Justice or Justices, shall, within ten Days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Schedule of the Justices, with whom the same shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer* Prisoner't Estate acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall. Ihe Peace, for require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to insped the same. Inspection of

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit, for the the Creditor*.

Space of six Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule, so left wi^h him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of Justice*refofing: the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, fwr

City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall, for every such Offence, traDfom a°Copyr forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Ma- of the Schedule jesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name to the Clerk oft of any Person who shall prosecute for the same; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when d»cPe*ce, shall* recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the ,orfeu,°1* Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

IX". And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to pc- Prisoner* In-' tition to be discharged under this Act, as aforesaid, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted intending three several London Gazette?, previous to such General Quarter Sessions, and the Adjournment thereof, tion for their at which the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be d.scharged from any Gaol in London, or within Discharge, arr the weekly Bills of Mortality; and if such Prisoner-shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London*or the JJJSce ?betcol?* weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper, which shall be published in or near the County, thrice in the Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody; Gasette, *c. containing the Name," Trade, and Occupation, and two last Places of Abode, if so.many, of every such Consenti Prisoner and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or tbt Notice, their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act; and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper, to be the first, second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publiQdrig each of such Notices; and id, each Timej for the inserting of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there and no more, shall be paid, each Time, by every such Prisoner, Two-pence, and no more:. The first of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, thirty Days at h aft, and the last of the said Notices ten Days at lead, before any such first or second be inferred General Quarter Session, and Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Day*, and ihc Creditors who have not charged the said. Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody as those Creditors who have

142 C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

charged such Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

Prisoner being

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such hmoght into Warrant as aforesaid, shall be brought to the General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall. Court, doe Pub. in case jt be provC(j Upon Oath, ox by producing the said three Gazettes and Newspapers before men-Notice"required tioned to the said Justices, at any such Session or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were in-being proved, ferted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers, were required, in Manner as herein-before is directed, &c. and that the Person or Persons so petitioning was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or since, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the List of Prisoners there, delivered in at any such first or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall, in open Court, at the said General Quarter session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in it to deliver lot a true Schedule or Account of all his or her real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder^ or Schedule of hi* Expectancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal Estate, which he or she, or any Person or rcr-Ions in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Uie, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are felled of, interested and re nor*. or entitled to, or was or were in his or her Possession, at any Time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing, than the Name and Names, and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Coatra&s (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the Effect following$ (that is to say,)

prisoner'* Oath

'I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and n delivering in J. declare. That on the twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, I said Sche- c was a Prisoner, or else [as the Case may be], that lince the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprif one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, I have surrendered, or have been committed to the Prison of in Difctiai^e of my Bail, or for Want Of Bail [as the Case shall be]; and

that I was actually arrested, and in Custody of an Officer, before the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, in which surrendered, or was committed as aforesaid, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I have, ever since my said Surrender or Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of

in the actual Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison of or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever,

and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Dficovery of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I*. 4 or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, am seised or possessed of, interested in, or intitled to, or was or were in my Possession at any Time, since my Commitment to Prison; and of all Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the

Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate, 4 Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family. Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, and these in the whole not exceeding the Value of twenty Pounds; and that I have not, nor any Body for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estate, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am or was Indebted in anywise howsoever.

'So help me GOD.

Schedule and And' the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Prisoner subscribed in the Presence of the Justices Oath to be fob- in open Session of the Peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of Court* and lodt- Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, City, Liberty, «d with the Cleric Division, Town, or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information* of all for the Exami- the Creditors of such Prisoner who shall desire, or may have Occasion, to resort thereto; and every such nation of the Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the same.

CrcdttD.it.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such Gene-

ed°i>y thei^u ra* Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Pri-ditor. may ad- foner, are hereby authorised to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the Fleet and King's Bench Prison, wimftcr an Oath and any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey, of any Gaol or Prison, and any other Person, to to the Gaoler, or come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall nyof the Mit- ^ave ken ta^cn ,n °Pcn Court by any Prisoner or Prisoners shall not be disapproved by good Testimony ten prescribed* of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them, present at any to be sworn to such General Quarter Session, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by any such respective=

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. 143

Prisoner, then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, command the said Sheriff The PrisonerV or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or rrifons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for his or their coosthu) dif. Attendance with every such Prisoner at such General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof* in order charge him, for his, her, or their Discharge (and which every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or upon paying Keepers, of such Prison or Prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such Order): Fef of Xl* w And every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper indem*

of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Allion fol lhe

or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him Escape. or them.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Estate and Ef-and Triift, of such Prisoner, of, in, and unto, all the real Estate, as well Freehold and Copy as Custo- fca$ of the Primary-hold, and to all the personal Estate, Debts, and Effects, of every such Prisoner, shall, immediately after the Discharge of any such Prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Vflft in the clerk Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corpo- of the Peace, rate, Division, Liberty, or Place, where any such Prisoner shall be respectively discharged; and every such who i» to make Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the reace, is hereby directed apd over the same to required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every such Prisoner's Estate and Effects, veiled in such th* ^if*1* Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, to such Cre-. y e

ditoror Creditors of the said Prisoner, as the Justices at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at 1

any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct (which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stamped) 5 and to veil the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so affiened and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest the Prisoner had therein; and for the preparing, ingrossing, and executing of which Assignment and Conveyance, no for which he ib Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, ailing as Clerk of the reace, shall take any greater to P*

Fee than two Shillings; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trull for the Benefit of 111,1 nomost* the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the-Cre* ditors of such Prisoner, in respect or in proportion to their respective Debts 5 and every Person or Persons Assignees im. to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and ark hereby fully iropow- powered to fuc, ered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Names*. for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner, and also to execute any Trull execute toy or Power veiled in, or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Prisoner, but in Trull for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner 5 and to give Discharge and Dif- BchalffCidTiee charges to any Debtor or Debtors of any such Prisoner, as shall be requisite: And every such Assignee or Discharge*: Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting any such Assignment dr Convey- They are also to ance, use his and their bed Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner; g« in wit^ *11 and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Prisoner veiled in such Assignee Sp!cdF or Assignees; and if any such Prisoner shall be interested in, or intitled to, any real Estate, either inrof- |£c PrisoncL" iession, Reversion, or Expectancy, the same, within the Space of two Months after every such Assignment and make Safe, and Conveyance, shall be sold by publick Auction, in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part within two of the Creditors of any such Prisoner who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in Month*, of Pri-the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Prisoner before his going to Gaol resided in London, or r°ner ,"1 in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some New (paper which shall be published in or J^duponat'I near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town* Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner dwelt before Meting of the he or she was committed to Gaol, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand. Creditors rumor their Hands, agree on: And every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of three Months at farthest monW fot ttot from the Time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just n.

and fair Dividend of all such Prisoner's Estates and Effects, which shall have been then in amongst his or Jjdend* within her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debts; but before any such Divi- three Monthst dend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Prisoner's Estate and first making Jp make Oath in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divi- their Accounts, fion. Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such 7erlfy, ng Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every 30 Days Notice such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such to be given of Dividend shall be pubtiffied in like Manner as a Meeting of Creditors is herein-before directed to be pub- «aki»i *rW-lished, thirty Days at lead before the same shall be made 5 and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective Debt by ceive^ny Shim Oath, or due Proof in Writing, before some such Justice or Justices: And if any Creditor of such Prisoner thereof but such shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, as foil pro* at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the their Debt,‘ County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place* in which such Prisoner shall have keen discharged, at Pcbw rn.lcr*d their next General Quarter Session, and what they shall there determine in the Premises shall be conclusive to all Parties: And if, after Payment of all such Prisoner's Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Ef- mined by the fells remain, after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors Court, or Administrators* Surplus of The

Prisoner* If-

Utc, after satisfying all Claims thereon, to go to the Tiiloacr*

144 C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

No Suit in Equity to be commenced, but by Consent of the Majority in Value of the Creditors.

Cleile of the Peace to exhibit to the Creditor, or his Attorney, upon Payment of 11. the Schedule of the Prl-ilnePt Estate Mad EJfc&a.

Attested Copy thereof to be granted.

which shall be Evidence in all Courts.

Clerk of the Peace refuGog to produce such Schedule, oc to deliver a Copy thereof, or taking exorbitant Feet for the same,

forfeits rol. and Treble Costs; One Moiety to the Prosecutor9 and the other to the Poor of the

A ffigneet of of and Cuf-totnary Estate* to compound with the Lord of the Manor, ai>d to be admitted Tenant! thereupon*

The Prisoner'* Eight and Interest, &c. only to be atfelled hp this A a.

All Mortgages,

) Statutes, &c. are to take place preferable to Claim»of an inferior Nature.

XIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees 0/any such Prisoner's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the London Gazette for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Divihon, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, ailing as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, or his or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Daytime, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office} the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble in searching /or, and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party or Parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: And that a true Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purposing the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on stamped Paper (and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for a less Number of Words in any Sheet), shall, at all Times, be admitted, in all Courts whatsoever, as legal Evidence of the same: And if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer adtine as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, negleil or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid,; in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ask or (tako more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for lese than seventy-two Words in a Sheet 5 or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for every such Ofrence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds *, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

Periflu

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any of or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or they (halt agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees Tenant to such of or Customary Premise9, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the Prisoner bad therein at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said of or Customary Premises.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive which may be expectant upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fugitive hereby vested in the said, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or Other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person and Persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively 5 nor to prevent any Statute-staple, Statute-merchant, Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged determined by or obtained against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been token out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given ih open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the personal Estate of every such Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for fo much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such. Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the real or personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. 145

Act had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

'XVIII. And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of, this Act, are seised and possdTed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the real and personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of ail and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never ad as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know any Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers or Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons / be it therefore enacted, That, in every such Case, the Person who shall have been actually employed, and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, af the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or Prison, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper himself), shall take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such Gaol or Prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer, and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the following Effect; (that is to say,)

Power in the

Prisoner of leafing Lands, Sec* to vest in the AfCgneca,

The t£Hng Gaoler at tht Time of delivering the Lifts, only liable to be fwor*.

Court, if required by a Creditor opposing the Prisoner't Discharge, is to administer the following Oath to the Gaoler.

J. B. do swear, That

was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prifep The Oath,

T A. 1

X of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the twenty-eighth Day of

April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Cause* x or his or her Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said

and produced to this Court, is or are a true^ Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my

Knowledge and Belief.

'So help me GO D/

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison on the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or since, shall not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such Session, or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer, and give to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid, at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment of any such Prison, to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

If such Person shall not have been the Gaoler on April s8v 1774, &c. then the following Oath h to bt administeredtv him.

I A.B. do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com- TheO*li 4 X tnitment of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Ridings Division, CV/y,

4 Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Case shall and that I do verily believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fidicious, nor calculated for this Purpose 5 and by them it doth appear, that was on the twenty-eighth

4 Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge and Belief.

'So help me GOD.'

XXI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol Books/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Co«r% if requir-Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or e<i by 1 Uedi-Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any tor0'ny Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Pri- acted* son within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hun- Caoltr on April dred and seventy-four, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed 2S, 1774, or Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, fi 'ce» as the Justices, at any fuclv General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit: And if ^m'ouThin any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such niTceminit-Justices, at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner, as shall be directed and required

- inent zrd Con* VoL. XII. U quired tinuaiKt in

146 C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

tody of the Prisoner.

Gaoler disobeying the Wirridt or Order of the Court, Sit. forfeits iool. irith Treble Cd*l.

Debtor) who were beyond the Seat on April *8, 1774, fur-rendering the m-felve), may take the Benefit Of this Act,

fcpoA the same Term) a a dther Prisoners j

excepting such Particular* wherein the Cases of both differ*

ftfgitivt*! Oath.

by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being Rimmoned for that Purpose 5 or if any Gaoler or Keeper attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall be reasonabty required at fuel* General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending itr the Prerrfrfes, flball, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be recovered by, and in the Name, and for the Use of, the Party injured, by Action of Debt, to be brought in his or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

XXII. And whereas a great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their Employments and Native Country, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas their Continuance abroad mud be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom \ in order therefore to induce and enable such Persons to return, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Debtor and Debtors*, who was or were aftuafly beyond the Seas, in Foreign Parts, on the said twenty-eighth Day of April\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and did not go into such Foreign Parts with the View or Intent to gain Or have the Benefit of an Insolvent Debtors Act, who shall return and surrender himself or shem-selves* within fourteen Days next immediately after his or their landing in England, unto the Gaoler or Gaoler$, Keeper or Keepers, of the Prisons or the Kings Bench, Marshalsea, or Fleet, or to the Goaler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler Or Keeper* of the Prison or Prisons of such County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Liberty* or Place, where such Debtor of Debtors last dwelt for the Space of nx Months (which said Gader or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, is and are hereby requited and impowered to receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors, surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their Discharge, as herein after mentioned)* and who, from and immediately after such Surrender, do continue in actual Custody of such Gaoler and Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, until the Time of his Discharge, shall be deemed a Prisoner or Prisoners within, and be, to all Intents and Purposes, intiiled to the Benefit of, this Act; and (half upon due Proof of the said Premises, by the Oath of such Debtor or Debtors (not disproved by any credible Witness), be discharged in the same Manner as if he, she, or they, had been actually in Prison on tfiesaid twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terras, Conditions* and Qualifications, herein-before imposed upon the said Prisoners actually in Custody upon rhesaid twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fout, and also subject to the Terms and Pro-Vilion* relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, as aforesaid; excepting only such Particular* thereof as require the Name of a Prisoner to be inserted in the Gaoler's or Keeper's Lift, as aforesaid, or relate to the Oaths of such Gaoler or Keeper herein-before appointed to be taken; which Particulars can-stot possibly be afppHed to the Case of Persons surrendering themselves ars aforesaid; and also except the fai4 Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by Prisoners in Custody upon the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; instead whereof the Person or Persons so surrendering shall take an Oath, in open Court, at some General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, in the Prison of which any such Fugitive or Debtor shall be held, after the Surrender of arry such Fugitive or Debtor, to the Effect following; which the said Justices, authorised to put this Act in Execution, are hereby required and im* powered to administer, in such Marnier as the Oaths herein-before mentioned are to be administered,

4 T A. $. upon tny corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, protest, and de-4 1 clare, That I Was actually, on the twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fdur, beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts; videlicet, at and that

I did, within fourteen Days next immediately after my landing, surrender myself to the Custody of the

4 Keeper of [as the Case may be]; and that I have ever since such. my

4 Surrender continued a Prisoner in his Custody; and that the Schedule now delivered, and by me fub- fetibed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and

perfect Account and Discovery, of all the real Estate, Goods, Effects, and other personal Estate, in anywise belonging to nte; and also Of all such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable. Or whereby or Wherefrom any Benefit of Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use*

or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from Whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any Persons in Trust for me, is or are seised of any real Estate in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, or of any personal Estate of any Kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; except my wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, mv Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding in the Whole the Value of twenty Pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, sold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, difbofed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of tny real Estate, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or personal Estate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, so as to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom to myself or Family, or with any View, Intent, or Design, to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am indebted in anywise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective Debts.

'So help me GOD.'

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 77. 147

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Fugitive intending toXkrrc#der to the Terms of this Act, shall, within the Space before mentioned of fourteen Days, be ar.rested in any Suit nr Action* whose Cause of Action accrued before the said tweetyneighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ffour* such Fugitive giving Notice (as before dueled) to an-y Justicje of the Peace at flue next General Quarter Sessions, and in all other RefprCts complying with the Tams and Condiiipns of this Act, shall be intitled to the Benefit of the same; and every Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer, Gaoler or Keeper ofa Prison, in whole Custody such Fugitive shall be detained, shall conform bim or themselves to the Diicdions of this Act, in like Manner as before mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to bcapproved of by the Justices at some General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective JurisdiChons*, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge; or shall neglectc, refuse, or designedly omit to insert,' in any such Lift, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Cu(-tody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison on the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or since 5 or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of one Shilling herein-before allowed for his or her Attendance, in order to be discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; Of shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette., or other Newspaper, as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuic or neglect to insert therein the Name, Trade, Occupation, and Jail Place of Abode, of such Prisoner, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than Two-pence, as aforesaid, for doing thereof; every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay tp «ach Prisoner, in any such Case injured, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which dull and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Ellbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance* rfhnli be allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison, shall, in taking of the afore-men-trnned Oaths, forswear or purjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury), shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs; by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of iris Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Effoirr, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be Allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his or their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Alignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners 5 and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties; to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

satisfying the Debts of the

Fugitives arrest* ed, intending to surrender, to LC intitled to the fiepefc fceieoft

Gaoler, tnd Printer of the Gazette, or othet Newspaper, not complying with the Regulations in this Act, forfeit tool, to the Prisoners, with Treble Costs of Suit.

Gaoler convicted of Perjury, forfeits 5O0 1. with full Costs of Suit, &c.

One Moiety tp go to the Informer, and the other towards Creditor!.'

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or Clerk of the

other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner, so dif- nefufing charged as aforesaid, within fourteen Days after his or her Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his or her "* P"fr£"tc*f Discharge, on the Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence; or shall take more than the said Sum of two 0r#takl

Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy; or shall take more than one Shilling for an Assignment or Convey— ing exorbitant anccof such Prisoner's Estate or Effects; every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, Fees for the or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend* and who shall be convicted at any such or for General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Eibte^an/ Ef-Peace, at any such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; and who fefts$ forfeits are hereby impowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk 20l. to the Pri-of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, so of- roner* fending.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or any Prisoner edn*

other Person or Persons who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall forswear or perjure himself, herself, or vi^dof Perjury themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or fu<ler a* a they, so offending, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such, without Benefit of Clergy. c oa*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged by this Person discharg-Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment ky this Act, of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, contracted, non^Deb incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand *5 seven hundred and seventy-four; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such Decree, or for before x% April, such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any 1774.

Judge of the Court where the Process issued, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such Prisoner's Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; and

148 C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

But no Prisoner to be discharged of Debts subsequent to April 28, 1774.

Jo ftices, Sheriffs and Gaolers, may plead this Act to any Action of Escape, or Suit brought against - them, and recoverTreb!c Cost». Person* discharged may plead generally, &c. to all Actions or Judgments brought against them before April aS, 1774, &c.

and in other Sui s, may plead in Discharge of their Person* from Execution.

Plaintiff:' mayre-ply generally. Sec.

[Treble Costs.]

but if nonsuited, is to pay

Attornies or Servants embez-*ling Money, Sec, excluded the Benefit of this Act.

Gaoler to per-mu the (peak, ng ii private :o Prisoners, whose Nsinei ar: irile r ed in the Lifl, or G.\z"tie, See and the examining the origin d ii )ulC3 oi En-ries, &c. on Pen dry of 40 1. wi:h Costs of Sait.

PiiGners future EGte, or Money in the Funds, n< fwirh-ff«nding th if

every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do, on such Prisoner*s causing a common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit,

XXIX. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen, what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts, as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts;' to remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be difehar ged of any Debts subsequent to the twenty-eighth Day of April\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and if it shall appear to the Justices, in any Session, or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to* them to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge him or her of all Debts previous to the/aid twenty-eighth Day of April, orise thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and to remand him or her back to the Custody oif the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she (lands* charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

[Treble Costs.]

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General HTue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

[Treble Costs.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Facias, or Action of Debt, or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas, as aforesaid, upon the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person's Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and was or were duly discharged, according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place, for such County. Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place (as his, her, or their Case is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due before the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid), that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contrafted or due before the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,.

to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged, for any Money, or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they, shall stand charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, received or possessl'd by him, her, or them, for the Use and on Account of his, her, or their Master or Masters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or their own Use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the same, to fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, whose Names are inserted in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette, or other Newspaper, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering the mfftves pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they, are detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or lefufe to comply with what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to the Person io refused and aggrieved the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Dibt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no Effuin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one lmnarlance, shall be allowed, by and in tile Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refu fed and aggrieved.

XXXIV. And whereas several Persons who have taken the Benefit of Acts of Insolvency, from a Difficulty of obtaining a new Credit to let themselves up in their umal Trades and Occupations (as their future Effects have been made liable to their Debts previous thereto), have gone abroad, for the better

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. 149

at the Time of the Prisoner's Discharge, but not hold the Prisoner to Special Bail, nor take his Person, &c. by anvjudg-

Maintenance of themselves and Families, carrying the Arts and Manufactures of this Country to our t*rfonal Dif-

Enemies, or Rivals in TradeIn order to prevent such Evil for the future, be it enacted, That the fu-

ture real Estates, as well Freehold and of, as Customary of, or Money in the Funds, or 10 e ll0ri*

lent upon real Security only, of every such Person or Persons, Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives,

which, after the Time of his, her, or their total Surrender of his, her, or their Estates and Effects, under such Acts, he, she, or they, shall or may be seised of, in his, her, or their own Right or Use, by

'Grant, Demise, or Purchase, shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors, as before the making of this Act: And any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or who may foe out Fugitives, may, at any Time hereafter, sue out Execution, Extents, or other Process, against such real execution» but Estate as aforesaid of such Person or Persons, on any Judgment at the Time of such Discharge recovered, person^or Vt-©r Statute-staple, or Recognizance acknowledged by, or Sentence or Decree obtained against, any such fonai FfVert#c,u-Prisoner or Fugitive; but not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their personal Estate or tained sincetheir

Effects, obtained or accrued since such Time of such Discharge, other than as aforesaid. Discharge.

[Creditor# may

XXXV. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this Act, may, at any Time after any such Dif- foe for the Reco--

charge, commence and prosecute any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, veryofDebt due

her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due from any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time ef his or her said Discharge, but shall not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Person, or personal Estate and Effects, other than as aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive, in Execution, by any Judgment, Sentence, or Decree, which shall have been, or hereafter may be, recovered or obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive; and any Judge of the UJiIlvJul,s, Court, out of which such Execution shall issue, shall have Power to discharge the same, by virtue of this ment recovered Act: And in any Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any such Prisoner or Fugi- »g*inrthim} tive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, no Benefit or Advantage shall be had or taken for and ®° Adv»iw-that the Cause of Action did not accrue within three Years next before the commencing of any such ^ken of the Action or Suit; nor shall any Statute or Limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of cause of A^ion or in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such Creditor or Creditors not accruing against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such Cause of Action or Suit did not accrue within three within three

*Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under this Act; and, in any such Case, YheiiSf nor of the same may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators. r on

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or Fu* Exception?" gitive by force of this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners in Trade D.scharge of with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or then flood Prisoner no Ac-bound, engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or en- qynultotbe gaged in any Contraft together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt gu°r^r^ror or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and lia*-

ble to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contrafts, in like Manner as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of Gaoler making any Prison or Prisons, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging f^Ile Entrie*inr to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or ©rYin's°son<it* cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries 500l. with

to be made therein; or shall insert in any List, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Treble Cult*,

+Person or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody in any such Gaol or Prison upon the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual Custody (except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the

overantJ above

Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and for J^for such* *'

the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entries; which j£*ud.r UC

Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than

one Imparlance, (halite allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Cre- Prisoner reforms

ditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation, or last Place of Abode, to declare the of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or, being called for ^bof£,*c'a°f and desired, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner thofeSuit he is shall be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Prisoner, detained, or to upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or cometotheCrt-any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or ditor the under this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. ed tbcBrnYfit*

XXXIX. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties 0ftbu Aa.'

of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers of those Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session of each Riding or Division, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners in eiincrorinc those large Counties \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- county Gaol*, ful fur two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties

Justices mar affirm ble at any convenient Place tear to either of the

150 C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

and hold a Session there for Discharge of Prisoners.

Justices for the County of Surrey may a sse Bible at rhc Town-ha'l of Southwark for admi-jiifle/ing Oaths, &c,

Those who are Prisoners for their Fees, or other Demands of the Gaoler or ©ifirer, to be discharged.

Debtors to the Crown, and Prisoners who owe above 20001. to one Person, unless the Creditors consent, are excluded the Benefit of this Act. Creditor oppof-ing Prisoner* Discharge, to allow him 3 s. 6d. per Week.

On Non-payment for two Weeks, Prisoner to be discharged. Determination of the Justices Co be final with respect to the Retention of any Prisoner;

unless the Prisoner get rid of the Ooirftion for which they refused his Discharge.

The Justices, on Proof by two Witness of Objection being removed, &c. may discharge such Prisoner. Discharges to be obtained by August I, 1776.

Persons feifedof an Estate Tail, claiming the Benefit of this Act, are to deliver up the Same to the Credi tors.

PicviCo.

!or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sef* ions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment ftom their respective Quarter Section, from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XL. And whereas the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which will happen after the passing of this Act, will be in the County, and upwards of twenty Miles from any of the said Prisons be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Session to the Town-hall in the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of ariment* ftering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County wherein any Prisoner or Prisoners are confined, and to the discharging such refijedtrve Prisoner or Prisoners confined therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions, of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty-four, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rent*, or any other Demands due, or claimed, as due to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of any such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, Peking his or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt with which he or (lie shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, if the Discharge of Fuch Prisoner is opposed by Council, but if not opposed, then the said Prisoner to be discharged, he complying, in all other Respects, to the Direction of this Act; or shall be charged by any Body Politick or Corporate, or by any one Person, on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fout, in any Sum exceeding the Sum of two thousand Pounds, besides Interest and Costs, and whose Discharge shall be in Court opposed by such Body Politick or Corporate, or one Person: And if any such Body Politick or Corporate, Creditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding two thousand Pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner, and shall infill that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol, that then, and in such Case, Fuch Body Politick or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors, opposing the said Prisoner's DH-charge as aforesaid, (nail, at his, her, or their proper Costs and Charges, allow and pay, in the Whole, Fuch a weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding four Shillings, nor less than three Shillings and Sixpence per Week, in such Manner as the said Justices, in their General Quarter Session, or Fome Adjournment thereof, shall order; and, upon Non-payment of the same for the Space of two Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in frheir General Quarter Session, held as aforesaid, shall be discharged, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLIII. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble in attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Discharge of Prisoners clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after having been before one Session heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave tre(h Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Session, or Adjournment, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Prisoner shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and, that the same may he clear and certain, the Justices ane hereby required to (late the Objections why Fuch Prisoner's Discharge is refused by them; and, in all Cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session, or Adjournment, upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them by two or more credible Witnesses (and which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer), of each Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at lead ten Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and if they shall thru be of Opinion the said Prisoner is in titled to the Benefit of this Act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, That every Fugitive or Fugitives, intitled, or to be in titled, to the Benefit of this Act, shall obtain their respective Discharges on or before the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or shall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act.

XLV. And whereas it may happen that several Persons, who may claim and be intitled to the Be- nefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail, in some Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have, by Law, Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a common Recovery or common Recoveries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors;* be it theefore eti dt-cd by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, such Person or Persons, so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of, this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, he deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee: Provided the Fame shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. 151

of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas many Persons, who may take the Benefit of this Act, have been great Dealers, Assignees mar c or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great Debts PP,y/‘or («rlh«r 4 and Demands, of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of Redemption of PHf^TrVtouch* 4 Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, or other Incumbrances, or to Reversion$, Re- ing the r>ifco- mainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or very of his E£.

4 Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiendy described or discovered in &c*

the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath, as aforesaid, or which may

want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their Discharge, in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons, duly authorised by them for

that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Hiding, DiyHion, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Person or Persons shall be then re-

siding, thereby desiring that such Person or Persons may be further examined as to any Matters or Things

relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall fend for* or call before and jurtkeimay

them, such Person or Persons, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means, as they shall think fit;, fend for *nd.

and, upon such Person's appearing, shall examine him, her, 6r them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as J"'0*the

to such Matters and Things, as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Per- jn^acc°r

fen or Persons: and if any Person or Persons (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Person* refusing

Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient), shall neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having a to appear, or to

lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, JTf?er up0?

shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, commiutd.

or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vested, or intended to be verted,

in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their

+Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall, by such Justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and 20-1. percent. Persons who shall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily allowedondif-come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate, as shall ^ekeatoruh*' not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the any part of the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall Prisoner'* Eflato be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the not returned in fame, by the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoners Estate and Effects. the Schedule.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner or Dif<h*rgeob. Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any t*»n<d fraud*. Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true; then, and in every such Case, every such lently, void. Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

XLIX. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who shall be dif- Persons concraJ- charged by virtue of this Act,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons ,"£a?y Ertatcor who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protest any Estate, Real 1 >!rbnc^ forfeit or Personal, of any such Prisoner from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee IOoi. and Double or Assignees shall, in pursuance of this Act, he chose of any such Prisoner's Estate, discover and disclose. Value, with to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to TrcbicCoftjof* such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum SulU of one hundred Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner; to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner's Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times here- Affionfe*,wish after, for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall be Confrntofihe chofc in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner or Majesty »n Va-Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be held on twenty-one Days publick Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was in yound for Debt* Custody in London, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper due t> the Pri-which shall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been lontt'* EiUtej In Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors, or Accountants, to such Prisoner or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable Part of any and may submit such Debt as can, upon such Composition, be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and Tfm

also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees and any Person or Persons, for to

or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, Cnufc, or Thing, relating to such Prisoner or Prisoners *wlUiLlon* Estate or Effects, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have no Difference,

152 C. 77. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference or Dispute between them, in such Manner as $he said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree $ and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the-Premises, in pursuance of this Act.

Jf Affitnee* die c

LI. And whereas, under former Acts of this Nature no Provision was ever made what should be-teforetheEfl‘e£ts come of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, not got in, obtained, or of the Prisoner« t recovered, by any Assignee or Assignees, chose pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts, at the Time.

C ^is or their Death or Deaths, and whole Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, re-refuse to act, 6 fused to act: or meddle therein ;* to remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases, it shall and other Assignees may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, to chuse to be tppointed, a new Assignee or Assignees in Manner and Form as herein-before is directed, and to obtain a new obta^ ^new l° Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk Afilgnme^tfrem of the Peace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices; and which said Order the said Justices are hereby re-the Clerk vf tht quired and impowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Peace, which Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to act or the Justices are meddle therein); and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, are hereby impowered to obey the same, and execute such Assignment accordingly* in Manner and Form as if no former Assignment had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever: And in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to act; that then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act, and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such Estates and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real Creditors,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Principality of Chester, and the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham respectively, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee the Court there- or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to summon all Parties concerned* upon ii tofum- and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, nwnihei'artfct, either for the Removal or Displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or to ilreft.

Clerk of the Peace to obey the Order, as if no Alignment had. been made.

Assignees complained against for Irfufficieocy3 Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour j

;*nJ make such Orders therein as they shall think lie.

Where mutual Credit has been given, the Balance to be ftaied and allowed.

Per Tons committed fer not paying Money awarded under huhndliions to Arbitration; and for not paying Costs; and upon Writ Excommunicato CapitaJo, &c.

Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner* for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or Displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the Appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to, such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid j any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politick or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Parts, to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Eftats or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners* than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly stated.

LIV. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paying Money awarded to be paid under Submissions to Arbitrations by Rules of Court, or under Submissions to Arbitration Bonds, and which Submissions have been made Rules of Court, in pursuance of an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences by Arbitration *, and likewise for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Ofti-, after proper Demands made for that Purpose j and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo,

cer.

or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-payment of Costs or Expences in any Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesiastical Court j' it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. 153

'shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the same Terms and Conditions as are herein 'reintitied to c expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only: 1 And whereas great Numbers of poor Benefit of People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon Processes issuing but of Courts of Con- Vhofcwho are faience;' it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoner9 shall be intitled to have the Bene- p,ifofierf upfm nefit of this Act, and be discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to the Directions Process out of herein-before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act. Court of Conscience, to have the Benefit of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an Oath is.required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quaker, shall and may be acepted and t&ken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false Affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who took the Benefit of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors)y or of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors^ and for indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison from Prosecutions at Law for certain Escapes from the said Pnjonjy shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same j any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LVIII. And whereas Bankrupts who have not obtained their Certificates and Discharge of their Debts, under some one of the Acts relating to Bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the

Meaning of Acts of Insolvency, as such Bankrupts have no Schedules to deliver up according to the Terms and Conditions of such Acts; nevertheless, as many Bankrupts are confined in Prison for Debt only, though they have already delivered up their whole Estates and Effects, or from a Fear of being arrested and thrown into Prison, do abscond from their Homes, and go into Foreign Parts;' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- four, who hath or have duly conformed, or shall duly conform him, her, or themselves, to the several Acts of Parliament relating to Bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any Prison by a Warrant of the Commissioners, in such Commission named, for Contumacy or Non-compliance to those Laws, and who now is, or are in Prison for Debt, Damages, Contempt, Costs of Suit, or any Sum or Sums of Money due and accrued previous to such Commission, or who now are secreting themselves in fear of their Creditors, and shall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held to Bail, or shall surrender him, her, or themselves, or be surrendered, in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, or taken in Execution in any Suit or Action for any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, shall and may, after the Expiration of thirty Days, apply to any one of the Judges of the Court wherein such Process or Processes hath or have issued, to summon his, her, or their Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to shew cause why such Bankrupt or Bankrupts should not be discharged from his, her, or their Imprisonment or Arrest, as aforesaid, such Bankrupt or Bankrupts first making Oath before such Judge (or if at a Distance from such Judge, then before a Justice of the Peace), who is hereby authorised to administer such Oath, that such Debt or Debts did accrue previous to the issuing such Commission; and such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that such Bankrupt or Bankrupts hath or have concleaed any Part of his, her, or their Estate or Effects, or hath or have not duly conformed him, her, or themselves to the Laws now in Force against Bankrupts, such Judge shall and may discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Imprisonment or Arrest, as aforesaid; such Bankrupt or Bankrupts causing a common Appearance to be entered for him, her, or them, where necessary, in every such Suit or Action; and if any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall be afterwards again sued and arrested, or taken in Execution, or imprisoned in any Suit or Action for such Debt or Debts previous to such Commission as aforesaid, any Judge of the Court wherein such Process issued shall, upon Summons of the proper Party or Parties, immediately discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Arrest or Imprisonment j nevertheless such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall, in all other Respects, be deemed subject to the Laws in Force against Bankrupts; and every Sheriff and Sheriffs, Bailiff and Officer, Gaoler and Keeper of a Prison, is and are hereby required, on proper Notice being given of such Judge's Discharge, to release and set free such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Custody, and each and every of them is and are hereby indemnified from any Action or Actions that may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them for any Escape for or on account thereof.

LIX. And whereas many Bankrupts who were included within the Benefit of the late Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, relating to Bankrupts, have not as yet returned Home, or cannot act in their several Occupations for the Maintainance of themselves and Families, from some certain

Circumstances of their Case be it enacted, That such Person or Persons against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March. one thousuid seven hundred and seventy-two, and who having in all Tilings conformed themselves to the several Acts now in Force relating to Bankrupts, by their Surrender and Submission thereto, and who have not been committed for any Act of Contumacy or Nonconformity, yet who hath not, or have not, gained a toral Discharge from his, her, or their Creditors of his or their Debis under Inch Commission, shall have Liberty to petition or apply by Motion of Court to the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Keeper, or LorJa Coinariffion-

Quaker'* Affirmation to be taken in lieu of an Oath*

Persons who took the Benefit of the Act of 9 Geo. 3. excluded,

This Act not to extend to Scotland.

Clause of Relief for Bankrupts who have not obtained Certificates and Discharge of their Debit.

Clause with respect to Bankrupts inclrctd in the Act 12 Geo. 3.

154 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774

or other Circumstances, he, Matter the Lord Chancellor* in Chancery j and upon such Commissioners in the Com-

trant such Order thereupon, ,ordships shall seem proper

S'retfnbte.

iz Geo. *'7l-

Buildings divided into seven Rates or Clalles

First Rate of JJttilding.

Thickness of ex« term! Walls to ghc. Rate*

*rs of the Great Seal for the Time being* setting forth any such Grievance (he, or they, may lie under, relative to such Commission; which Petition or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners aforesaid, may refer to a Matter Report or Hearing thereof, shall have Power and Authority to direct the million named to certify the Proceedings under such Commission, and ftiail for the Discharge or Relief of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, as to his or their any Law or U(age to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings, and Party-walls; and for the* more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea> in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be: liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament*, made and passed in the twelfth Year of his present MajestyV Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party-walls within the Cities of*

London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Parishes, Precindlsy and Places in for Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parisher of Saint Mary-le-Bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places \ and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into one Act, and for other Purposes, hath been found inefficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby: And whereas it may tend to the Safety of the Inhabitants, and prevent great Inconveniences to Builders, and Workmen employed in Builaings, within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes». 4 Precincts, and Places, if the Regulations contained in the said Act were repealed, and other Regulations and Provisions respecting such Buildings were established by Law May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Churches, Chapels, Meeting-houses, or other Places of Publick Worship, Dwelling-houses, and all other Buildings whatsoever, at any Time heretofore begun or built, or which shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, be begun or built within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, afii Peaces, on new or old Foundations, or on Foundations partly new and partly old, shall be distinguished by and divided into, the seven several Rates or Classes of Building: herein after described; and such fevea feverarRat^s or Classes of Building shall be under the Rules and Directions herein after contained concerning the same;—

II. And be it further enacted, That every Church, Cha'pcQ Meeting-house, and other Place of Publick Worship; and every House or Building for distilling and brewing of Liquors for Sale; for making of Soap*, for melting of Tallow, for dying, for boiling or distilling Turpentine, for catting Brass or Iron, for refining of Sugar, for making of Glass for Chymical Works for Sale, of what Dimension soever the same respectively are or may be j and also every Warehouse and other Building iv hat soever, not being a Dwelling-house now built, or hereafter to be built (except such Buildings as axe herein after particularly declared to be of the Fifth, Sixth, or Seventh Rate or Class of Building), which cfoes or shall exceed three-clear Stories above Ground, exclusive of the Rooms (if any) in the Roof thereof or which is or shall be of the Height of thirty-one Feet from the Surface of the Pavement, Ground, or Way, above the Area before either of the Fronts thereof, to the Top of the Blocking-course or the Coping £>n the Parapet thereof;, and every Dwelling-house, now built, or hereafter to be built, which, with the 0$ces thereto belonging and adjoining, or connected otherwise than by a Fence or Fence-wall, or covered faflage, open on one or both Sides, when finished, does or shall exceed the Value of eight hundred and fifty; Pounds; and also every Dwelling-house, which does or shall exceed nine Squares of Building on the (ground-floor, each-Square containing one hundred superficial Feet, shall be deemed the First Rate or Class oiKpuilding.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Front, Side, End, or other external Wall (not beings a Party-wall), which (lull, after the twenty-fourth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, be built to any First Rate Building, or to any Addition ther^tos or Enlargement thereof, shall be built and remain, at the Foundation thereof, of the 'Lnicknds oftwo Bricks and an Half in Length, or one Foot nine Inches and an Half at the leatt; and Hull from thencLregularlyr. and gradually diminish on each Side of the Wall two Inches and a Quarter to the Top of th~ b ooting of every such Wall, except where any immediate adjoining Building will not admit of such hVor*nS being, made on the Side of such Wall next such adjoining Building; in which Case such Fooling (lla^ be made, as near to the Dimensions herein directed as the Cale will admit; which Footing shall be nine Inches high at the leatt, and wholly below the upper Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Story,

two Inches at the leatt; and every such Wall shall, from the Top of such Footing, be of the hicknest* of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the leatt, up to the under Side of Qe one Pair of Stairs Floor; and from thence of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, of thirteen Inches at the least, no to the under Side of the Plate under the Roof or Gutter of every such Buying; and from thence of the Thickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half at the kail, up to

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78. 155

‘the under Side of the Blocking-coo rfe or Coping bn the Parapet of every such First Rate Building; except such Parts of every such Wall as shall be wholly of Stone, which Parts* so being of Stone, shall be of the Thickness of fourteen Inches at the least below the Ground-floor, and of nine Inches at the leaf! above the Ground-floor; and except all Recedes above the Ground-floor in the said Walls, which shall be arched -over in every Story, so nevertheless as that the Aich, and the Back of such Recess, shall be respectiveljr of the Thickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half at the least.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Party-wall which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Thickness of Day of June, be built to any First Rate Building, or to any Addition thereto, or Enlargement thereof,

shall be built and remain, at the Foundation thereof, of the Thickness of three Bricks and an Half in Length, or two Feet six Inches and an Half at the lead; and shall, from thence, regularly and gradually diminish on each Side of the Wall four Indies and an Half to the Top of the Footing of every such Wall, which Footing shall be one Foot high at the lead, and wholly below the upper Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Cellar Story two Inches at the lead; and every such Party-wall shall, from the Top of such Footing, be of the Thickness of two Bricks and an Half in Length, or one Foot nine Inches and an Half at the lead, up to the under Side of the Ground-floor; and from thence of the Thickness -of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the lead, up to the under Side of the Floor of the Rooms (if any) in the Roof of the highest Building adjoining to such Party-w^all; and from thence of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the lead, up to the Top of every such Party-wall. '

V. And be it further enacted, That every Warehouse, Stable, and other Building, not being a Dwel- Second ling-house, except such Buildings as are herein particularly declared to be of the First, Fifth, Sixth, or Seventh Rate or Oafs of Building, now built, pr hereafter to be built, which does or shall exceed two clear Stories, and shall not contain more than three clear Stories above Ground, exclusive of the Rooms

(if any) in the Roof thereof, or which is, or shall be, of the Height of twenty-two Feet, and shall not be of the Height of thirty-one Feet from the Surface of the Pavement, Ground, or Way, above the Area before either of the Fronts thereof, to the Top of the Blocking-course or Coping on the Parapet thereof 5 and every Dwelling-house now built, or hereafter to be built, which, with the Offices thereto belonging and adjoining, or connected, otherwise than by a Fence or Fence-wall, or covered Passage open on one or both Sides, when finished, does or shall exceed the Value of three hundred Pounds, and shall not amount to more than the Value of eight hundred and fifty Pounds; and also every Dwelling-house, which does or -

shall exceed five Squares of Building on the Ground Plan, and shall not amount to mere than nine Squares of Building on the Ground Plan thereof, shall be deemed the Second Rate or Class of Building.

[Thickness of external Walls to the Second Rate.]

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Front, Side, or other external Wall (not being a Thickness of*-Party-wall), which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built, to any Second Rate Build- t£rnal w*1*to ing, or to any Addition thereto, or Enlargement-thereof shall be built and remain, at the Foundation the Secaini thereof, of the Thickness of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot {jve Inches and an Half at the least, and shall from thence regularly and gradually diminish on each Side of the Wall two Inches and a Quarter to the Topof the Footing of every Fuch Wall, except where any immediate adjoining Building will not admit of such Footing being made on the Side of such Wall next such adjoining Building; in which Case such Footing shall be made as near to the Dimensions herein directed as the Case will admit; which Footing shall be nine Inches high at the least, and wholly below the upper Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Cellar Story two Inches at the least; and every such Wall shall, from the Top of such Footing, be of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the least, up to the under Side of the one Pair of Stairs Floor; and from thencl of the Thickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half at the least, up to the under Side of the Blocking-course or the Coping on the Parapet of every such Second Rate Building; except such Parts of every such Wall, being above the Ground-floor, as shall be wholly of Stone, which Parts, so being of Stone, shall be of the Thickness of nine Inches at the least; and except all Recesses above the Ground-floor in the said Walls, which shall be arched over, so nevertheless as that the Arch, and the Back of each such Rccefs,

shall respectively be of the Thickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half at the least.

VII. And it is* hereby further enacted, That every Party-wall which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June^ be built to any Second Rate Building, or to any Addition thereto, or Enlargement thereof,

shall be built and remain, at the Foundation thereof, of the Thickness of three Bricks and an Half in Length, or two Feet Six Inches and an Half at the least, and shall from thence regularly and gradually

diminish on each Side of the Wall four Inches and an Half to the Top of the booting of every such

Wall; which Footing shall be nine Inches high at the least, and wholly below the upper^Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Cellar Story two Inches at the least; and every such Party-wail shall, from the Top of such Footing, be of the Thickness of two Bricks and an Hall in Length, or one Toot nine Inches and an Half at the least, up to the under Side of the Ground-floor; and from thence of the Thickness of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the least, up to the under Side of the Floor of the two Pair of Stairs Story; and from thence of the Thickness of one Brick

and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the least, up to the Top of every such Party-wall.

[Third Rate.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Warehouse, Stable, and other Building, not being a Dwelling-house, except such Buildings as are herein particularly declared to be of the First, Fifth, Sixth, or Seventh Rate or Class of Building now built, or hereafter to be built, which do:s or shall exceed one clear Story, and shall not contain more than two Clear Stories above Ground, exclusive of the Rooms <if any) in the Roof thereof, or which is orlhail be of the Height of more than thirteen Feet, and shall not be of the Height of twenty-two Feet from the Surface of the Pavement, Ground, or Way above the Area before either of the Fronts thereof, to the Top of the Blocking-course or the Coping on the Parapet thereof; and every 13wdling-1ioufe now built, or hereafter to be built, which, with the Offices thereto

156 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

belonging, and adjoining or connected, otherwise than by a Fence or Fence-wall, or covered Paflaas one or both Sides, when finifoed, docs or shall exceed the Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds,

[Thickness of external Walls to the Third Rate.]

[Thickness of Party-walls to the Third Rate.]

[Fourth Rate,]

[Thickness of external Walls to the Fourth Rate.]

[Thickness of Party-walls to the Fourth Rate.]

Party-walli to We between House and House, and other Buildings,

belonging, open on one

and shall not amount to more than the Value of three hundred Pounds; and also every Dwelling-house, which does or shall exceed three Squares and an Half of Building on the Ground Plan, and shall not amount to more than five Squares of Building on the Ground Plan thereof shall be deemed the Third Rate or Class of Building.

]X. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Front, Side, End, or other external Wall (not being a Party-wall), which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built to any Third Rate Building, or to any Addition thereto, or Enlargement thereof, shall be built and remain, at the Foundation thereof, of the Thickness of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the lead, and shall from thence regularly and gradually diminish, on each Side of the Wall, two Inches and a Quarter, to the Top of the Footing of every such Wall, except where any immediate adjoining Building will not admit of such Footing being made on the Side of such WalL next such adjoining Building 5 in which Case such Footing shall be made as near to the Dimensions herein directed as the Case will admit; which Footing shall be six Inches high at the lead, and wholly below the upper Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Cellar Story two Inches at the lead; and every such Wall shall, from the T of of such Footing, be of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the lead, up to the under Side of the Ground-floor; and from thence of the hickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half at the lead, up to the under Side of the Blocking-course or Cooing, on the Parapet of every such Third Rate Building.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Party-wall which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built to any Third Rate Building, or to any Addition thereto, or Enlargement thereof, shall be built and remain at the Foundation thereof, of the Thickness of three Bricks in Length, or two Feet two Inches at the lead, and shall from thence regularly and gradually diminish on each Side of the Wall, four Inches and an Half, to the Top of the Footing of every such Wall, which Footing shall be nine Inches high at the lead, and wholly below the upper Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Cellar Story two Inches at the lead; and every such Party-wall shall, from the Top of such Footing, be of the Thickness of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the lead, up to the under Side of the Ground-floor, and from thence of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half ia Length, or thirteen Inches at the lead, up to the Top of every such Party-wall.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Warehouse, Stable, and other Building not being a Dwel-ling-house, except such Buildings as are herein particularly declared to be of the Fird, Fifth, Sixth, or Seventh Rate or Class of Building, now built, or hereafter to be built, which does not or shall not exceed one clear Story above Ground, excTufive of the Rooms (if any) in the Roof thereof, or which is not or shall not be of the Height of more than thirteen. Feet from the Surface of the Pavement, Ground, or Way, above the Area before either of the Fronts thereof to the Top of the Blocking-course or Coping on the Parapet thereof; and every Dwelling-house now built, or hereafter to be built^ which, with the Offices thereto belonging and adjoining, or connected otherwise than by Fence or Fence-wall, or covered Passage open on one or both Sides, when finished, does not or shall not exceed the Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds; and also every Dwelling-house which does not or shall not exceed three Squares and an Half of Building on the Ground Plan thereof, shall be deemed to be of the Fourth Rate or Class of Building.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Front, Side, End, or other external Wall, which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built to any Fourth Rate Building, or to any Addition thereto or Enlargement thereof, shall be built and remain at the Foundation thereof of the Thickness of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the least, and shall from thence regularly and gradually diminish on each Side of the Wall two Inches and a Quarter to the Top of the Footing of every such Wall, except where any immediate adjoining Building will not admit of such-Footing being made on the Side of such Wall next such adjoining Building 5 in which Case such Footing (halt be made as near to the Dimensions herein directed as the Case will admit, which Footing shall be six Inches high at the least, and wholly below the upper Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Cellar Story two Inches at the least; and every such Wall shall, from the Top of such Footing, be of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the least, up to the under Side of the Ground-floor; and from thence of the Thickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half at the least, up to the under Side of the Blocking course or Coping on the Parapet of every such Fourth Rate Building.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Party-wall, which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built to any Fourth Rate Building, or to any Addition thereto, or Enlargement thereof, shall be built and remain at the Foundation thereof of the Thickness of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the least; and shall from thence regularly and gradually diminish on each Side of the Wall two Inches and a Quarter to the Top of the Footing of every such Wall; which Footing shall be nine Inches high at the least, and wholly below the upper Surface of the Pavement and Flooring-boards of the Cellar Story two Inches at the least; and every such Party-wall shall, from the Top of such Footing, be of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the least, up to the under Side of the Ground-floor; and from thence of the Thickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half at the least, up to the Top of every such Party-wall.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, every House or Building the reafter to be built, and being of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Kate or Class of Building herein-before directed, and not having each of them a separate and distinA Side-wall on the Part or Parts where they are or shall be contiguous, shall have Party-walls between

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. 157

each have io 'o-puufrnt V.'ulls.

House and House, or other Buildings, or between so much of such House and House, or other Buildings, as Mceptinfudi shall not respectively have such separate and distindi Walls as aforesaid: And such Party-walls shall extend *am whpr" to the outer Surfaces of the external Inclosures of each of the adjoining Houses or Buildings: And all Party-walls, and also all Chimneys and Chimney-(hafts, hereafter to be built, shall be built wholly of Rood found Bricks or Stone, or of good found Bricks and Stone together, except such Timber, Wood,

Lead, or Iron Work, as shall or may belaid therein, according to the Directions herein after contained, and also except such Piling, Bridging, or Planking, as may be necessary for the Foundation thereof; and every such Party-wall shall be topped or coped with Stone, Tile, or Brick, and shall be of the Dimensions herein-before directed 5 and one Half of every such Party-wall between House and House, or between other Buildings, shall be built on the Ground or Scite of one of the adjoining Houses or Buildings, and the other Half thereof shall be built on the Ground or Scite of the other of the adjoining Houses or Buildings: and it shall be lawful for the First Builder of any such Party-wall, and for the Workmen employed in building the same, to enter upon the Ground adjoining thereto, in order to the building such Party-wall in Manner aforesaid.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That every Party-wall which shall, after the said All Party, wall* twenty-fourth Day of June* be built to any Dwelling-house, exceeding four Stories in Height from the *k6T?f°l,r St?m Foundation thereof, exclusive of the Rooms (if any) in the Roof of either of the Buildings adjoining bu?k«v/tke* thereto, shall be built in every Particular according to the Directions herein-before contained with respect First Rate, to the Party-walls of the First Rate or Class of Building, notwithstanding such House shall not be of the First Rate or Class of Building; and every Party-wall which shall, after the Time, aforesaid, be built to ro

any Dwelling-house containing four Stories in Height from the Foundation thereof, exclusive of the Fourth R«te Rooms (if any) in the Roof of either of the Buildings adjoining thereto, shall be built in every Particular Houses, being according to the Directions herein-before contained with respect to Party-walls of the Third Rate or Class fwrStor»ciH*h* of Building, notwithstanding such House shall be of the Fourth Rate or Class of Building only. tbcTh rdRate

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every internal Inclosure to be made, after the said twenty- Mateiiaisof DU-fourth Day of June, for separating any Building of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of visiont of differ. Building, from any other Building where such Buildings shall be in separate Occupations, and every Ad- ent Possessions dition or Enlargement to such internal Inclosure, shall be of Brick or Stone, or artificial Stone or Stucco, 5" FTbnd or of Brick and *Stone, or artificial Stone or Stucco together; except such Timber, Wood, Lead* or ^Fourth* IronWork, as may be laid therein, according to the Directions herein after contained for external In- Rnc«. closures to such First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, and also except such Piling,

Bridging, or Planking, as may be neccftary for the Foundation of the same.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in valuing the feverab Buildings MetV©4ofaf«iw. herein-before declared to be of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, for the uinin^ the Ruv*. Purpose of ascertaining the Rate thereof, such Valuation to be made by the Surveyor or Surveyors to be

appointed pursuant to this Act, for the Distr'uSt in which the Building is or may be firuated, by as true a Measure and Estimation as the Nature of the Case will admit; and every such Building shall, notwithstanding any Decay therein, be estimated and valued as if the Materials whereof the same confrfls were found, and the Work thereof new; and every such Building shall be estimated and valued at the several 1 Prices the like Materials and Workmanship shall be worth at the Time such Valuation shall be made; but neither the Soil whereon any such Building stands, nor any Fence or Fence-wall (except the Railing to Areas, and Steps before or behind such Building, made for the Purpose of inclosing the said Building, with the Offices, Yard, or Appurtenances thereto belonging from any neighbouring Ground), nor an

Biick or Stone arched Vault or Vaults, under the Surface of the Ground, either before or behind such Building, nor any Lead, Covering, or Pavements, over such Vaults, nor such Parts of the Party-wall or Party-walls to such Building as stand upon Ground not belonging to such House, shall be included in-an^ such Valuation; and in ascertaining the Squares of Building contained in every such Building, being a spires Dwelling-house, the same shall be taken by the Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid on the Level of the at the level f Floor, at the principal Entrance to such Dwelling-house, and no more than such Parts of the Party-walls ‘he Emrujccr as belong to such Dwelling-house shall be included in such Admeasurement: And in case the Own* r, or any other Person interested in such Building, shall apprehend him or herself to be injured by the Admeasurement or Valuation made by such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such.

Owner or other Person to apply to the Mayor, or any two Justices of the Peace for the City of London, if such Building, or any Part thereof, is fuuated within the said City, or otherwise ta any two Justices within whose Jurisdiction the same is situated; and the said Mayor or Justices shall enquire into the Matter, and shall, by his or their Order, declare such Building to be of such Rate or Class as the same (half to him or them appear to be of, according to the Description of the several Rares or Classes hereinbefore contained; and it shall be lawful for any of the Parties between whom such Order shall be made to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, whose Order and Determination shall be binding and conclusive to all Panics.

XVIII. And be it further cna£Ud, That every Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Stablet and other Build-1FW1 Rafoof. ing (except such Buildings, not being Dwelling-houses, as are herein-before particularly declared to be of the First or Seventh Rare or Class of Building), which is or shall be at the Distance of four Feet, and not eight Feet, from any publick Road, Street, or causeway, and is, or shall be, detached from any other Building not in the same Possession therewith sixteen Feet at the Icaft, and not thirty Feet, or connected with any other Building only by a Fence or Fence-wall, shall be deemed to be of the fifth Rate or Class of Building, and shall and may be built of any Dimensions whatever.

[slxth Rate of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Stable, and other Building (except such Buildings, not being Dwelling-houses, as are herein-before particularly declared to be

of the First Rate or Class of Building), which is or shall be at the Distance of eight Feet from any publick

158 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Seventh Rate of Building.

Materials of Cranehouses.

No Seventh Rate

Building to be covered with Pitch, Tar, &c.

Detached Offices deemed of the same Rate as if independent of -any other Building.

How long old found Party-walls may re* mala.

Where one adjoining built with independent Walls,

<the Owner of the other to have but Half the Materials, and Halt the Sciteof the old Party-wall whenpulled down.

Party-walls not

being of suffici-cntThicknefsto he taken down, when one of the House* is rebuilt.

Ends of Timbers lying through old Party wall* to be cut off when one Build* i>g it rebuilt.

Timber Partitions to be taken d >wn v hen one House or one Frujit is rebuilt.

Road, Street, or causeway, and is, or i shall be detached from *ny other Building not in the same possession therewith at least thirty Feet, or connected with any other Building only by a Fence or Fejlce-wall, shall be deemed to be of the sixth Rate or Class of Building, and shall and may be built of any Dimensions, and with any Materials whatever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Cranehouse, now built, or hereafter to be built, on any Wharf or Quay, and every Shamble, Windmill or Watermill, and also every Building which is or shall be situated without the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, used for Workshops or Drying-places for Tanners, Fell-mongers, Glue-makers, Size-makers, Callico-printers, Whitfters, Whiling makers, Curriers, Leather-dressers, Buckram-ftiffners, Oil-cloth Painters, Wool-staplers, Thrown fters, Parchment-makers, and Paper-makers, so long and at such Times as they are or shall be used for some or one of those Purposes, and no longer, shall be deemed the Seventh Rate or Class of Building, and may be built of any Dimensions whatever.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every such Cranehouse which shall be erefled and built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, and every Addition or Enlargement to any Cranehouse already huilt, or hereafter to be built, and every new Side, new End, or other new external Inclosure which shall, after the lard twenty-fourth Day of June, be made to any such Cranehouse, or to any Addition or Enlargement thereof, shall be of Stone, Brick, Slate, Tile, Oak, Elm, Steel, Iron, or Brass; but every other Building of the Seventh Rate Or Class of Building, may be erected of any Materials whatever; and no Cranehouse or other Building of the Seventh Rate or Class of Building, or any external Part thereof, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be covered with Pitch, Tar, or any other inflammable Compo-fnion.or Material whatever, nor shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be converted to any other LJfe than as aforesaid.

XXII. And, in order to prevent Doubts which may arise concerning the Rate or Class of Building of any Office or Offices now built, or hereafter to be built, belonging to any Building herein-before declared to be of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building/ it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every such Office which shall be entirely free and detached from such Building to which the same belongs, or shall be connected therewith only by a Fence or Fence-wall, or covered Passage open on one or both Sides, shall be deemed to be of the Rate or Class of Building such Office would be of, if the same did not appertain to any Dwelling-house or other Building.

XXIII. And whereas some Houses or other Buildings credted, or begun to be erected, before the said twenty-foui th Day of Tim*, may have one or more good found Party-wall or Party-walls, although not built agreeable to the (evtral Rules herein-before directed to be observed concerning Party-walls to be

built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, and in such Case it may happen that one of the adjoining Houses may have been or may hereafter be rebuilt, without making use of such Party-wall or Party-walls, it is therefore hereby enacted, That every such Wall may remain as a Party-wall until both the Houses or Buildings to which the same belongs, or the remaining House or Building, where one has been already rebuilt, shall be rebuilt (if such Wall shall so long continue found), and no longer: And that in case either of the Houses or Buildings to which any such Party-wall does belong has been or shall hereafter be rebuilt with a Wall against such Party-wall (without making use of such Party-wall) of the Heights and Thicknesses herein-before prescribed for Side*walls, the Proprietor of such remaining House or Building shall not, when such remaining House or Building, or when such old Party-wall shall be taken down, be intitled to more than one Half of the Materials of such old Party-wall, nor to more than one Half of the Ground on which such old Party-wall was erected; nor shall such Proprietor build 0(1 more than one Half of the said Ground, unless he shall have agreed with and satisfied the Owner or Owners of such adjoining rebuilt House for the other Half thereof; and in case the Parties cannot agree concerning the same, and both or either of them shall be desirous 6f buying or selling, the Price, and the Matters in Difference, shall be settled by a Jury, to be summoned, returned, and impanelled as hereafter is mentioned concerning mixed Property; But if such remaining House or Building be of the First, Second, or Third Rate or Class of Building, or be fotlr Stories high from the Foundation thereof, exclusive of the Rooms (if any) in the Roof thereof, and if in that Case such old Party-wall shall not be of the Thickness of two Bricks in Length, or one Foot five Inches and an Half at the least, from the Foundation thereof to the under Side of the Ground-floor, and from thence upwards to the Top thereof of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the least; then such old Party-wall shall, when either of the Houses or Buildings to which the same belongs shall be rebuilt, be considered as if the same had been condemned, or adjudged ruinous, pursuant to the Directions herein after contained for condemning or adjudging ruinous any unfound Party-wall; or if such old Party-wall shall have any Timber or Timbers of any adjoining Building lying through the same, and if, when either of the Houses or Buildings to which the same belongs shall be rebuilt, the Owner or Owners of such adjoining or remaining House or Building will not permit so much of such Timber to be cut off as shall 1c ive full six Inches of clear Brick Work beyond the End of every such Timber, then every such Wall shall be considered as if the same had been condemned, or adjudged ruinous, pursuant to this Act, and the same shall be taken down and rebuilt, in such Manner as is herein after directed concerning Party-walls which shall be so condemned, or adjudged ruinous.

'XXIV. And whereas some Houses or other Buildings erected, or begun to be erected before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, may have one or more good and found Timber Partition or Timber Partitions between the same and the adjoining House or Building,' it is hereby enacted, That every such Timber Partition may Remain until one of the adjoining Houses or Buildings to which the same belongs shall be rebuilt, or shall have one of the Fronts which shall abutt on such Timber Partition, or two-third Parts of one of such Fronts, taken down to the Bressummer or one Pair of Stairs Floor, and rebuilt, or until such Timber Partition shall be condemned, pursuant to

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 159

the Directions herein after contained, concerning ruinous or defective Party-walls and Party-partitions, and no longer.

XXV. And, as a further Security against Fire,* it is hereby enacted, That no Wall or Walls of any External Walt* Building of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, already erected or burlt, or shall not become hereafter to be erected or built, or of any Addition or Enlargement made or to be made to any Building of Party.wall, inch First. Second, Third, or Fourth Kate or Class of Building, which shall not be a Party-wall on the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall ever be or become a Party-waft, unless the same shall be and remain of the Heights and Thickiicfles above the Footings, and of the Materials herein-before directed concerning Party-walls to be erected after the Time aforesaid.

XXVI. And, as a greater Security from Fire/ it is hereby further enacted, That every Party-wall Party.wall# to which shall be built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, and every Addition or Enlargement which i^h^bovean* shall be thereafter made to any Party-wall then built, or thereafter to be built, shall be carried up, and re- Bailing0whicS main, one Foot six Inches at the least above the Roof of the highest Building which shall gable against, or shall gable a. adjoin to, such Party-wall, in every Part of such Party-wall where such Building shall gable or adjoin gainst thereto, measuring at a Right Angle with the Back of the Rafters of such Roof; and every such Party-wall shall be carried up and remain one Foot at the least above the Gutters of the highest of such Buildings, except ' the Height of such Party-wall, where so carried up, shall exceed the Height of the Biocking-course or Parapet of either of the Fronts abutting on the same of the highest Building adjoining thereto, in which Case* the End only of every such Party-wall next such Biocking-course or Parapet may be left than one Foot above the Gutter, for the Distance of two Feet six Inches from the Front of such Biocking-course or Parapet and in case any Dormer or o^her F.rection is or shall be fixed in the Flat or Roof of any Building, within four Feet of any Party-wall, then every such Party-wall shall be carried up against every such Dormer or ether Erection, and mall extend for the Breadth of at least two Feet wider, and to the full Height of every Part of every such Dormer or other Erection as shall be within four Feet of such Party-wall: And no What Reccflt* Recess shall be made in any Party-wall hereafter to be built to any Building of the First, Second, Third, m*> or Fourth Rate or Class of Building (except for Chimnies, Flues, Girders, and Beams, and other Tim- w-bers, and for the Ends of Walls or Piers, as herein after is directed), so as to reduce such Wall in any Part thereof under the Thickness by this Act required for the Party-wall to the highest Rate or Class of Building to which such Party-wall belongs: And there shall not be any Opening whatever, after the said What-Openings twenty-fourth Day of June, made in any Party-wall, except for Communication from one Stack of Ware- 10 houses to another, and from one Stable Building to another; all which Communications shall have thereto iron Doors, in such Manner as is herein after directed; and also except such Passages or Ways on the Ground for foot Passengers, Cattle, or Carriages as may be necessary; all which Passages or Ways shall be arched over with Brick or Stone, or Brick and Stone together throughout, of the Thickness of thirteen Inches at the least in every Building of the First and Second Rate or Class of Building, and of the Thick-ness of eight Inches and an Half at the least in every Building of the Third or Fourth Rate or Class of Building: And if there be any Cellar or Vacuity under any such Passage, every such Cellar or Vacuity shall be arched over throughout with Brick or Stone, or Brick and Stone together, in the same Manner as the Passage or Way over such Cellar or V7acuity is hereby directed to be arched.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Timbers shall, at any Time, after the said twenty- How En<h of fourth Day of June, be laid into any Party-arch, except for Bond to the same, nor into any Party-wall, B€anl* b# other than such Templets, Chains, and Bond-timbers, as shall be necessary for the same; and other than ^]siat0 the Ends of Girders, Beams, Purlings, and of binding or trimming Joists, or of other principal Timbers^ Sl all which Timbers shall have at least eight Inches and an Half of (olid Brickwork between the Ends and Sides of every such Piece of Timber and the Timber of any Building adjoining thereto; and the End of every Girder, Beam, Purling, Binding, or trimming Joist, and of every other Piece of principal Timber, may be laid beyond the Centre of any Party-wall hereafter to be built, so nevertheless as that there be left eight Inches and an Half at the least of folfd Brick or Stone Work at the End of every such Piece of Timber, except in Places where any Part of the Ends of any such Timber shall lie opposite to and level with any Part of the Ends of any Timber of any adjoining Building or Buildings, in which Case, no Part of such Timbers shall approach nearer than four Inches to the Centre of the said Wall.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person shall cut or maim any Party-arch, nor the Party.archet Shaft of any Chimney now built, or hereafter to be built, on any Party-will, for any Purpose whatsoever; arU Paity waJI. and that no Person shall cut or maim any Party-wall now built, or hereafter to be built, other than for the "

Purposes and in the Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say. When the Front or Back Wall of any House or Building, being in a Line with the Front or Back Wall of the House or Building adjoining thereto, shall at any Time hereafter be built, it shall be lawful to cut a Break nor more than nine Inches deep from the external Face of such Front or Back Wall and to the Centre of fych Party-wall, for the Purpose of inferring therein the End of such new Front or Back Wall; and in every such Case where a BrefTummer ^nd Stary-posts shall be fixed in the Ground Story of such new Front or Back Wall, such Break tray be cut from the Foundation of such new Front or Back Wall to the Top of such Brefilimmer, fourteen Iruhrs deep from the external Face of such Front or Back Wall, and the same may be four Inches wide in the Cellar Story, and two Inches wide in the Ground Story, for the Purpose of placing therein such Story-posts and Breflummers, agreeable to the Directions of this Act: And it shall be lawful to cut into any Farty-wall for the Purpose of tailing in Stone Steps, or Stone Landings, or for placing in such Party-wall Timber for Bearers to Wood Stairs, so as no Timber Bearer be laid into any Party-wall nearer than eight Inches and an Half to any Chimney or Flue whatever, or to any Timber of the adjoining House or Building:, or nearer than four Inches to the internal Finishing of such adjoining House or Building, and for the Furpoljc of laying therein Stone Corbels for the Support of Chimney Jambs, Girders, Beams, Purlings,

Binding or Trimming Joists, or of other principal Timbers i and it shall also be lawful td cut perpendicular RcccHos

n< t to bz mairr.eJ:

F< r uhat U'd P.irty -wal'f may be cu. into.

160 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Thickness of Brick of Chimnies in Party-walls.

How Chimnies may be built Back to Back in Party-walls.

Recesses into any Party-wall, not being less than thirteen Inches thick, for the Purpose of inserting Walls and Piers therein, so nevertheless as that no such Recess be more than fifteen Inches wide, or more than four Infches deep, and that no such Recess be nearer than ten Feet to any other Recess; and it shall be lawful to cut off the Footing on the Side of any Party-wall where either of the adjoining Buildings shall be rebuilt with a Wall against such Party-wall; but every Person who shall cut into any Party-wall for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall immediately make good, and well and effectually pinn up, with Brick, Stone, Slate, Tile, Shell, or Iron, bedded in Mortar, every Defeat which shall be occasioned by the Cutting of any such Party-wall: And no Party-wall shall be out for any of the Purposes aforesaid, if the cutting' thereof will injure, displace, or endanger the Timbers, Chimnies, Flues, or internal Finiftiings of the adjoining Buildings.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Back of every Chimney in every Party-wall which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built, shall be at lead thirteen Inches thick in the Cellar Story, and eight Inches and an Half thick in every other Story from the Hearth of every such Chimney to the Height of twelve Inches above the Mantle in every such Chimney; and that no Chimney which, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day otjuney be built in any Party-wall where either of the Buildings

Back to Back.Ia adjoining thereto is of the First Rate or Qafs of Building, shall be built with the Back thereof against the Party walls. Back of any other Chimney, unless the Back of each Chimney in the Cellar Story be at least eight Inches and an Half, and the Back of each Chimney m any of the upper Stories be at least four Inches and a Quarter from the Centre of such P?rty-waH: And that no Chimney which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built in any Party-wall, where either^of the Buildings adjoining thereto is of the Second,' Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, shall be built with the Back thereof against the Back of any other Chimney, unless the Back of each Chimney in the Cellar Story be at least six Inches and an Half, and the Back of each Chimney in any of the upper Stories be at least four Inches and a Quarter from the How Fl'iw may Centre of such Wall: And that no Flue shall be built opposite to another Flue in any Party-wall, unless n b.u,lc to the Back of each Flue be at least two Inches from the Centre of such Party-wall: The Breast of every Flue w*ch shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June> be built, whether such Flue be in a Party-wall or not, shall be of Brick or-Stone at least eight Inches and an Half thick in every Cellar Story, and at least four Inches think in every other Story: All the Withs or Partitions between any Flues which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June* be built, shall be of Brick or Stone, and every such With or Partition of Brick shall be at least Half a Brick thick: And every Breast and I}ack of every Chimney, and every Breast, Back, and With or Partition of any Flue hereafter to be built, shall be rendered or pargetted within and without, except the Outside thereof which shall be next to vacant Ground, in which Case, the Back of every Chimney and Flue next such vacant Ground shall be by Lime, or in some durable Manner,' marked and distinguished, except in a Fore-front, Back-front, or Side-front of any Building not likely hereafter to be built against; and every Back of every such Chimney and Flue so being against such vacant Ground shall be rendered or pargetted as soon as any Building shall be erected to such Wall,

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being possessed of, or intitled unto, any Part or the Ground whereon a Party-wall is intended to be built* shall bedefirous of having Chimney-jambs, Breads, and Flues of Chimnies, made in any such Party-wall irca on his, her, or their Part thereof, or shall be desirous of having a Recess or Recedes left in the said Party-by Ofwner of ad* wall, of the several Breadths and Depths in and by this Act allowed to be left or cut into any Party-wall, joining Ground* for the Purpose of inserting therein external or internal Walls or Piers, or for any other Purpose allowed by this Act, and of such Desire shall give Notice in Writing under his, her, or their Hands, particularly describing every such Chimney-jamb, Breast, and Flue, and every such Recess, to the Builder or Builders of such Party-wall, or any one of them, at any Time before such Party-wall shall be begun to be built; then such Builder or Builders of such Party-wall shall, after such Notice to given, erect, in a proper, substantial, and workmanlike Manner, such and so many Chimney-jambs, Breads, and Flues of Chimnies, in all such Parts of every such Party-wall as shall be, by the Person or Persons giving such Notice, required; and shall also leave such Recedes in every such Party-wall, not being in any Respect contrary to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions^ in and by this Act prescribed: And, from and after the erecting such Jambs, Breads, and Flues of Chimnies, io required, the Person or Persons giving such Notice, his, her, or their. Executors and Administrators, shall be deemed to have made use of such Party-wall, and shall from thenceforth be liable to pay the whole Expence of erecting and setting up all such Jambs, Breads, and Flues of Chimnies, ereftea in pursuance of such Notice, and also such proportional Part of the Expence of erecting such Wall, as is herein after directed concerning Party-walls to be built after the said twenty-fourth Day of Jnne% to be recovered in case of Non-payment with full Costs of Suit, in like Manner as any Proportion of any Party-wall is by this Act made recoverable by the Builder thereof, from any other Person liable to contribute thereto.

c XXXI. And whereas several Houses and other Buildinks, within the Limits aforesaid, are built in feme Part thereof over a publick Way, and in several Houses $r other Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, several of the Rooms or Floors of such Houses or Buildings are the Property of different Owners, and lie intermixed without bring separated by any Party-wall, and without being arched over and under each other with Brick or Stone, or Brick and Stone throughout ;* be k therefore enacted, That when any House or other Build.ng, except as herein after is excepted, so built, in any Part thereof, over a publick Way, or any House or Building, except as herein after is excepted, having any Rooms the Property of different Persons, and intermixed as aforesaid, shall be rebuilt, there shall be a Party-wall, according to the Directions herein-before contained for the highest Rate or Class of Building adjoining thereto, with a Party-arch or Party-arches of the Thickness of one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches at the leall, in every Building of the First and Second Rate or Class of Building, and of the Thickness of one Brick in Length, or eight Inches, and an Half at the least, in every Budding of the Third and Fourth Rate

Thickness of ilrcarts or Flues; and Wi'hf.

‘Chimnies to be pargetied.

Chimney jambs Ureafts, &c. to be placed ia Party-wall* where desired

Roeu'st'on of Pary walls,&c. between inter-mixed Property.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78. 161

or Class of Building, between House and House, or other Building, or between the different Rooms or Floors, so being the Property of different Persons as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That the last mentioned Clause or Provision relating to Houses and Party.wali* tot Buildings in Part over publick Ways, or having the Rooms or Floors the Property of different Persons, shall to extend to

not extend to all or any of the Rooms or Chambers in Serjeant's Inn in Chancery Lane, or in any of the four ot Court,

Inns of Court, or to any of the Inns of Chancery, or any other Inns set apart for the Study or Practice of the Law; save and except that the Walls or Divisions between the several Rooms and Chambers in such Inns, belonging to and communicating with each separate and distinct Stair-case, shall be deemed and taken to be Party-walls within this Act» and (halLbe subject to all and every the Regulations and Clauses herein contained relating to other Party-walls within the Limits aforesaid.

XXXIII. And whereas it may fonaetimes happen that no Party-wall or Party-arch can be built upon Owtion mwf

proper Foundations between such Houses and other Buildings, over publick Ways, or having Rooms or compelled to

c Floors the Property of different Persons, lying intermixed, as aforesaid, without pulling down such i0,r\in buiIdin* 4 Houses or Buildings, and laying Parts of each to the others of such Houses or Buildings} and it may happen that the Parties interested therein, or some or one of them, will not, or cannot, by reason of some

legal Disability, or otherwise, join in building such Party-wall or Party-arches, as aforesaid, or in pufl-ing down such Houses, and laying Parts of each to the ocher or others of such Houses } in all which cases*

Differences may arise amongst the said several Owners, and the rebuilding the same, and the said Party-walls or Party-arches thereof, may be thereby prevented or delayed, to the great Injury or Inconvenience

of such of the Owners as are desirous of rebuilding:* For Remedy thereof, and in order to prevent the

fatal Effects of Fire, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in all and every or any of such cases, when any Owner or Owners of any such House or other Building within the Limits aforesaid, built over any publick Way, or intermixed as aforesaid, shall be desirous of rebuilding such House or other Building, and the Owner or Owners of the adjoining House or Building, or of the other Parts of such intermixed

House or Building, shall not be willing, or shall not, by reason of some legal Disability, or otherwise, be able to join in such rebuilding, then the Party or Parties, so desirous of rebuilding, shall give Notice, in Writing, to the Owner or Owners of such adjoining House or Houses, or other Buildings, or of the other Parts of such intermixed House or Building,^ that he, she, or they, so intending to rebuild, will apply to,) the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London when such House or other BuildinfrTor any Part 1 t' xhereor, isTtuated within the said City or the Liberties thereof, or to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the County of Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the

Liberty of the Tower of London, respectively, within whose Jurisdiction such House or other Building, or any Part thereof, is situated, in their respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be next holden, after fourteen Days from the Delivery of such Notice, in order to obtain the Judgment and Determination of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or of the said Court of Sessions (as the Case may be), touching the rebuilding such House or Houses, or other Buildings, or such Party-walls or Party-arches, to be defenbed in such Notice, and for ascertaining the Scite of a Party-wall or Party-walls, or the Situation. of any Party-arches to be built according to the Directions and Restrictions irT this Act contained, by defiT vering a true Copy of such Notice to the Owner or Owners of such adjoining House or Houses, or other Buildings, or of the other Parts of such intermixed House or Building; or in case such Owner or Owner* Where Ovrnett

shall be under the Disability of Coverture, Infancy, Idiocy, or Lunacy, then to the Husband or Husbands lr« under of such Owner or Owners under Coverture, or to the Guardians, Trustees, or Committees of such Owners ulu

being under the Disability of Infancy, Idiocy, or Lunacy respectively, or by leaving the same at his, her, inhabitedho"r or their last or usual Place of Abode, or by delivering a true Copy of such Notice to the Tenant in Possef- Difference* are lion of such adjoining House or Houses or other Buildings, or of the other Parts of such intermixed House to be feuicd rc-©r Building; or in case such House or Building shall be uninhabited, then by fixing such Copy, wrote fair the

and in a legible Hand, to or upon the Door or some other notorious Part of such adjoining or intermixed

House or other Building which shall be uninhabited; and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to art* *a

and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and to and for the faiff Court of beflTTfiis respectively (as the tale may be), and they arelTcreby respectively authorised and required, upon Application to them by the.

Party or Parties so defirou*o rebuild, and upon such Proof of such Notice as they shall deem reasonable, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriffs of London, or to the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, or Sheriff to the said County of Surrey, or Sheriff or Bailiff of the Liberty ofhPs~

Majesty's Tower of London (as the Case may be), requiring them orjiin) reflectively to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons^ qualified jto serve on Juries, within the respectlive DiffaiicfeTuFwhich they are summoned, not less than twenty-four, nor more than thirty-six j and out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve Perior.s ill ill be uS^ivtn by some Person, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen^br Court drSefnons respectively appointed, ill such Manner as Juries are directed to be draw* for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by an Act, made in the tfeirrd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries); whion Persons (o to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or before the said Court of Sessions for the said County of Middlesex, or County of Surrey, or City and liberty of Westminster, or the Liberty of his Majesty's Touer of London (as the Case may be), at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Preceptor Precepts, shall be appointed, and there to attend from Day to Day, until discharged by the Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array;

2nd the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and any of the said Courts of Sessions, for the said County of Middlesex, or Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of the Tower of London, is and are hereby authorised and impowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require,

162 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Jury to determine what Proportion of Expence shall be paid by the Owners of the adjoining Premises.

Court to give Judgment according to Verdict

to call before them respectively all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses before them, on Oath, concerning the Premises; and either of the said Courts, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, in such Manner as they shall direct, and shall have Power to command such Jury, and all such Witnesses and Parties as shall be necessary or proper to attend, until all such Affairs for which they are summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to Persons called upon to give Evidence, the said Courts are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer), shall inquire and try, and determine by their Verdict, whether the Premises, in any of the Cases aforesaid, ought to be rebuilt or noli and if the same ought to be rebuilt, shall award and determine the Scite of a Party-wall or Party-walls^ and also what Party-archcs may be necessary over or under any Rooms of such House or Houses, or other Buildings, so intended to be rebuilt, or shall ascertain the Quantity of the Soil or Ground or other Parts of the Premises (if any) necessary to be laid to or taken from the House of the Person or Persons desirous to rebuild, permitting such Person or Persons to erect a Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches; and shall ascertain and award what (if any) Compensation should be made, and paid, by either or any of The laid Parties' in Difference to the other or Olhdrs of them, in lieu of the lessening either of the said Houses or other Buildings by such Party wall or Party-walls, Party-arctTor Party-arches, or asT^iatlsfaSion for such other IniuryMpTany) as shall be done, oroccafioned there-by to any or either of thelaid Parties; and shall also ascertain and award what Proportion of the Expence of Building such Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches, shall, when the fiihfe are so built, be repaid by either or any of the Parties in Difference to the Person or Persons so rebuilding as aforesaid: And the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, an3~ the Tai<TCourt of Sessions reipedbvely, shall give judgement according to such Verdict, as well for determining the Scite of such intended Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches, as also for such Sum or Sums of Money (if any) so assessed by the said Jury, and likewise for such Proportion of the Expence of building such Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-

arch or Party-arches, so found or awarded by the said Jury, to be repaid to the Person or Persons who shall and Judgment to rebuild or shall have rebuilt the same $ and shall and may (if they fee fit) award to either of the Parties such ke binding. Costs as they shall deem reasonable; which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment, Order, or Determination thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest in, to, or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as also against the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against Infants and Issue unborn, Persons in Reversion or Remainder, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes-coverr, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and against all Trustees and Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Successors, Heirs, v«di£>, A®, to Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever: And all and every the said Ver-Town°cictkor Judgments, Orders, and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and

cirrk of 1 he Aldermen, and Court of Sessions, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be, by the Peace. Town Clerk of the City of London, or byrhe Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex or Surrey,

or the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the proper Officer of the Liberty of the said Tower of London (as the Case may be), entered and filed as of Record of the said Court where such Proceedings shall have been had (for the Entry and Filing whereof, and for every Order of Court, and Copy thereof, the said Town

Clerk, or Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer, shall be paid after the Rate of Twelve-pence for everyone hundred Words, and no more) 5 and each of them, the said Town Clerk, and Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer respectively, is hereby empowered and required to make and deliver to any Person requiring the same, an Exemplification, under his Hand and Seal, of any such Verdict, Judgment, Order, and Determination, being paid for the same after the Rate of Twelve-pence for every one hundred Words; and every such Exemplification shall and may be taken and read as Evidence in all Courts of Law Within fourteen and Equity whatever: And after the Expiration of fourteen Days from and after the obtaining such Judge-Days after Juig- ment, and Payment, or Tender, in Manner herein after directed, of the Sum or Sums of Money (if any) thereby assessed or awarded, or, where no Sum of Money shall be so assessed or awarded, after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from and after the obtaining such Judgment, the Person or Persons who shall have applied for, and obtained such Judgment, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Servants, or Workmen, shall and may pull down his, her, or their own House or other Building, and rebuild the same, in the Manner so ascertained by such Judgment; and to that End shall and may, in the Presence of a Constable or Headborough, or other Officer of the Peace, after the End of fourteen Days after such Judgment, Order, and Determination, shall have been obtained, enter upon the Scite of the Ground so ascertained for a Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches, and into the House or other Build-ii'uiding in the ing (if any be) adjoining to the House or Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches, intended presence of a rebuilt, at any Time between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Seven in the Afternoon (Sundays

cacc Officer 5 excepted); and if the outer Door of such House or other Building be (hut, and the Occupier, or any other Person therein, refuse to open the same, being thereunto required, or if such House or other Building be and may re- empty and unoccupied, shall and may break open such outer Door, and remove to some other Part of the »ove Goods and fame Premises, or in case there be no Room on the Premises sufficient for that Purpose, to remove to any ucntiure. other Place, any Goods, Furniture, Shelves, or other Thing obstructing the building of such intended Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches, or the pulling down any Wall, Partition, or other Thing necessary to be pulled down and removed, in order to the building such intended Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches; and from and after such Entry as aforesaid, and at all usual Times of working, it shall be lawful for the Builder or Builders employed to ere& such intended Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches, and his and their Servants, and all others employed by him or them, to enter into and upon the Premises, and abide therein the usual Times of working, for the shoring up the said House or other Building so broke into or entered upon, and for taking down and removing any

ment, and Payment or Tender of the Money awarded the Owner of the intermixed House may pull it down; and also may enter the adjoining

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7 163

Party-wall or Party-walls, Partition, Wainscot, or other Thing necessary to be taken down and removed

for the Purpose aforesaid,' and to build such intended Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-

arches: And if any such Owner or Occupier, or other Person or Persons, shall in any Manner hinder Perform hinder.

or obstruct any Workman or Workmen employed for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or wilfully damage the Work -

or injure the said Works, every such Owner or Occupier, or other Person so offending, shall, for every cn»jTwo Tk8*

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; to be levied, recovered, and applied, as the several ^forfeit 10V

Penalties of ten Pounds herein after mentioned are directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

XXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That within ten Days after such Party-wall Builders to be or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-archcs, shall be so built, the Person or Persons who shall have rebuilt repaid a Part of the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall leave a true Account in Writing the Expencea*. of the Expence of building the same with the Party or Parties so awarded by the Jury as aforesaid to v«dia.* contribute to the Expence thereof, or at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode; or, in case

such Party or Parties be under Coverture, to her or their respective Husbands; or if Infants, Idiots, or Lunaticks, then to their respective Guardians, Trustees, or Committees; or in the Case of any Body Corporate being so awarded to contribute as aforesaid, then to the Mayor or other Officer of such Corporation; who shall pay to the Person or Persons who shall have rebuilt such Party-wall or Party-walls,

Party-arch or Party-arches as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Proportion of the Expence of building the same so awarded by the said Jury as aforesaid, within twenty-one Days after Demand thereof; or, in case the same be not so paid, it shall be lawful for the Tenant or Occupier of the House or Building so chargeable therewith to pay the same, and to deduct the Money so paid out of the next Rent which shall become due to the Owner or Owners of such House or Building; or the same may be recovered from the Party or Parties so awarded to pay the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with double Costs of Suit.

XXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities by Court of Mayor

this Act vested in the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, may be lawfully exercised by ,ay heTd*1 the Court of Mayor, and Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the Outer Chamber of the Guild- i* the Outer hall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City. Chamber of

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Guildhall. Application to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, for or concern- Seffians for Spring any Matter to be by such Quarter Sessions ordered, directed, or done, in pursuance of this Act1, the [^Southwark?* Jury (if any) to be impanelled, and all Parties required to attend the Quarter Sessions for the said County,

pursuant to such Application, shall be impanelled and required to attend at some General or Special Adjournment of the said Quarter Sessions, within six Weeks next after such Application; which said Adjournment shall be to some convenient Place in the Borough of Southwark, in the raid County, to be appointed by the Justices in the said Session; and that, from Time to Time, every further Meeting of the said Sessions, for any Thing to be done upon such Application, shall be appointed at, or within the Space of three Weeks from the last Meeting; which Adjournment and Adjournments the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and every of them, are hereby empowered and required to make and hold, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Court may fine

and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen', and to and for any or either of the aforesaid Courts of ^Thetifr' Sessions (as the Case may be), and they are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to im- siting Default, pose any teasonable Fine or Fines on any of the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, or their or his Deputy or Depu- also any Wit-

ties, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned ness makingD*. on such Jury, and shall not appear at the Time and Place in such Summons specified, or, appearing, fault.

shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or to give his or their Verdict, or in any Manner wilfully ne-glcfting his or their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons having Notice to attend to give Evidence touching the Premises, who shall not attend, or attending shall relufe to be sworn, examined, and give Evidence; and from Time to Time, in Default of Payment thereof on Demand, to levy such Fine or Fines in such Manner as other Fines set by the said Courts respectively have been usually levied; so that no Fine shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for any one Offence; and such Fine or Fines, when so received, or levied and recovered,

shall be applied to and for the Use of the Person or Persons so applying to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or to the said Courts of Sessions (as the Case may be), and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and if such Person or Persons, having Notice to attend and give Evidence as aforesaid,

shall not attend and give Evidence accordingly, having had ten Days previous Notice in Writing thereof, under the Hands of the Party on whose Behalf such Evidence shall be wanted, his Guardian, Trustee,

Committee, Attorney, or Agent, and having been tendered his reasonable Charges and Expences for such Attendance, he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing to give Evidence, shall be liable to an Action on the Case, to be brought against him, her, or them respectively by the Party or Parties oil whose Behalf any such Notice to attend as aforesaid shall have been given; in which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover their Damages occasioned by such Non attendance, with full Costs of Suit; and such and no other Jollification or Excuse shall be allowed for Non-attendance, as is by Law allowable for the Non-attendance of Witnesses legally summoned to appear and give Evidence on Trials of lilacs joined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: Provided, the Court where such Witness or Witnesses shall appear may (if they shall think fit) order such further Sum to be paid to such Witness or Witnesses respectively for their Attendance on such Courts respectively, as to them shall seem reasonable, in proportion to the Time such Witness or Witnesses shall attend; and such Witness or Witnesses shall not be

164 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Old Party-walls and Party-arches when decayed, may be rebuilt.

the Propsietoca polling down loch Party-walls or Party-arches giving three Months Notice.

The Term of giving Notice.

Sarnyen to be appointed to view Party-walls and Party-uahes.

tf the major Part efihe Smvtfora &> not certify within one Month, another Surveyor to be named by a JuAice.

compelled to give Evidence before such further Sum or Sums (if any), as shall be lo ordered, shall be paid to them respectively.

XXXVIII. And whereas it may happen that Party-walls or Party-arches, or Party Fence-walls, built or to be built within the Limits aforesaid, may be dfefe£li?e, or so far out of Repair as^to rendter it 4' necessary to pull down and rebuild the same, or some Part or Parts thereof, as well when both or either of the adjoining Houses or other Buildings may not require to be rebuilt, as when the said Hotifes or Buildings, or one of them, may require to be rebuilt \* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, every Owner of any House or Building within Limits aforesaid, who Stall think it necessary to repair, pull down, or rebuild any Party-wall or Party Fence-wall, or any Part or Parti thereof, between any such House or Building, or the Ground rhereto adjoining, and the next adjoining House or Building, or the Ground thereto adjoining, shall (in case the Owner or Owners of such adjoining House, Building, or Ground, will not, or by reason of any legal Disability, or otherwise, cannot agree, touching the repairing, or pulling down or rebuilding, the fameV

give three Months Notice in Writing to the Owner, if he is known, and can be met with, or if such wher or Owners be under Coverture, to her or their Husbands respectively, or if under the Disability of Infancy, Idiocy, or Lunacy, to the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of such Infant, Idiot, or Lunatick respectively, or otherwise to the Occupier of such adjoining House, Building, or Ground, of such his or her Intention to repair, or pull down, such Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, or any Part thereof, by delivering a Copy of such Notice to such Owner or Occupier, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their last or tifual Place of Abode, or, if such adjoining House or Building be unoccupied, by fixing a Copy of such Notice on the Door of such aft-mentioned House or Building; which Notice shall be in the Form or tc* the Effetft following:

APPREHENDING the Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, or some Part thereof (as the Case shall be), between the House or Building, or Ground (as the Case shall be) thereto adjoinding, situate inhabited or occupied by and my House

orjluilding, or Ground (as the Case shall be) adjoining thereto, to be so far out of Repair as to render it necessary to repair or pull down and rebuild the same, or some Part thereof: Take Notice, that I 4 intend to have the said Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall (as the Case shall be), surveyed, pursuant to an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third; and that I have appointed of and of my Surveyors, to meet at in (bring at some Place within the Limits aforesaid)f

on my Behalf, on the Day of next, at of the Clock in the

of the same Day (being between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon): And I do hereby require and call upon you to appoint two other Surveyors or able Workmen on your Part, to meet them at the Time and Place aforesaid, to vfew the said Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence- wall (as the Case shall be), and to certify the State and Condition thereof, and whether the same, or any Part thereof, ought to be repaired or pulled down and rebuilt. Dated this Day of

And every such Owner, if he is known, and can be met with, or, in case such Owner be under any Disability, as aforesaid; then such Person or Persons, as aforesaid, to whom such Notice shall be so given, or otherwise the Occupier to whom such Notice shall be so given, shall appoint two Surveyors or able Workmen to meet at the Time and Place in such Notice mentioned; and they, together with the two Surveyors or Workmen named by the Party giving such Notice, and whose Names shall be expressed in such Notice, may view such Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, and certify the State and Condition thereof, and whether the same, or any Part thereof, ought to be repaired, or pulled down and rebuilt; and such Surveyors, so respectively named, as aforesaid, or, in case the Owner or Occupier of such adjoining House or Building, or such other Persons, as aforesaid, having Notice, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to name such two Surveyors or able Workmen, according to such Notice, then the two Surveyors or Workmen named in such Notice, together with two other Surveyors or able Workmen, also to be named by the Party giving such Notice, as aforesaid, shall and may, within six Days after the Time appointed in such Notice, view the Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, intended to be repaired or pulled down; and shall certify, in Writing, under their Hands, to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or to the said Justices of the Peace in their next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace respectively (as the Case may be), the State and Condition of such Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, and whether the same, or any Part thereof, ought to be repaired, or pulled down and rebuilt: And in case the major Part of the Surveyors or Workmen, appointed in Manner aforesaid to view such Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, so intended to be repaired, or pulled down, shall not, within the Space of one Month next after such Appointment, sign such Certificate in Writing; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or County of Middlesex or Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London (as the Case shall be), and such one or more Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required, upon Application to him or them for that Purpose by the Party giving such Notice, as aforesaid, to name and appoint one other able Surveyor or Workman to be added to the Surveyors or Workmen, appointed as aforesaid; and all the said Surveyors or Workmen so appointed, or the major Part of them, shall meet for that Purpose (six Days Notice having been given to or left at the Dwelling-house of each and every of them of such intended Meeting), and shall view the Party-wall* Party-suxb* or Party Fence-wall, to proposed to be repaired or pulled down: And, in case

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78. 165

the major Part of such Surveyors or Workmen, appointed in Manrier aforesaid, shall certify, in Writing under their Hands, that the Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, described in such Notice, or any Part thereof, is decayed and ruinous, or is not sufficiently secure against Fire, if any should happen, and that the same ought to be repaired or pulled down; then, within three Days next after such Certificate made by such major Part of the said Surveyors or Workmen, as aforesaid, a Copy thereof shall be delivered to the Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers of, or left at such adjoining House or Building, or fixed on the Door thereof, in case the same be unoccupied; and such Certificate (Ball be immediately filed with the Clerk of the Peace in the City, County, or Liberty where such Wall or Arch is situate, paying such Clerk one Shilling for filing thereof, and no more: And such last-mentioned Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers, shall and may (if he, she, or they, think fit) appeal from or against such Certificate to the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the City, County, or Place (as the Case may be); and the Justices, at the said General or Quarter Sessions, to which such Appeals shall be made, shall summon before them one or more of such Surveyors or Workmen, and such other Person or Persons as they think fit, and shall examine the Matter upon Oath, which Oath or Oaths they are hereby empowered to administer; and upon such Examination or Examinations, the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to make such Order or Orders in the Premises as they in their Discretions shall think to be just and reasonable; which Order or Orders shall be entered and filed of Record by the Clerk of the Peace for the City, County, or Place (as the Case may be), in like Manner as the Judgments of any Court of Sessions concerning intermixed Property are herein-before directed to be entered and filed of Record; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, without any Appeal from the same: And, on Default of appealing to such next General or Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid; or if, upon any Appeal, there be no Order made to the contrary; then, and in every such Case, and not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Party intending to repair, or pull down and rebuild, such Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall, as aforesaid, after the Expiration of fourteen Days after delivering or leaving the Copy of such Certificate, as aforesaid; or after the Determination of such Appeal, as aforesaid, to cause such Party-wall, Party-arch, or Party Fence-wall,# or any Parts thereof, to be repaired or pulled down, and to have and exercise the like Power of Entry into or upon the adjoin* ing House or Houses, Building or Buildings, or of breaking open the same, in the Presence of a Peace Officer, in case the same be unoccupied, or be refused to be opened, and of removing Wainscot, Shelves, Furniture, and other Things, and of (horing up the said adjoining House or Houses, Building or Buildings, as is given or allowed to the Owners of intermixed Houses or Buildings in and by this Act; and shall and may erect and build a new Party-wall or Party-walls, Party-arch or Party-arches, or any Part or Parts thereof, of such Materials, and of such Thickness and Height, and in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions and Directions, as are in and by this Apreferibed.

XXXIX. And whereas several old Houses and other Buildings of the First, Second, and Third Rate or Class of Building within the Limits aforesaid, have, instead of Party-walls of the respective Thick- neftes herein-before directed for the same, between such Houses or other Buildings and the adjoining Houses or Buildings, Party-walls, not being of greater Thickness than one Brick and an Half in Length, or thirteen Inches, from the Foundation to the Ground Floor thereof, or than one Brick in Length, or eight Inches and an Half, from thence to the Coping thereof: And whereas Disputes may arise concerning the pulling down such old Party-walls, and concerning the building Party-walls agreeable to the Rules and Directions herein contained, in the Place and Stead of such old Party-walls, whenever the Owner or Owners of any or either of the Houses or Buildings adjoining to any such Party-walls may be desirous to rebuild any such House, or rebuild any such House or Building of the First, Second, or Third Rate or Class of Building, or so much thereof as may subject the same, or the A Party-walls thereto, to the Rules and Regulations contained in this hi\ \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any House or Building of the First, Second, or Third Rate or Class of Building, to which any such old Party-wall belongs, shall be desirous of pulling down and rebuilding such House or Building, or so much thereof as aforesaid, and of such his, her, or their Desire shall give three Months Notice, in Writing, to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the next adjoining House or Building of his, her, or their Intention, in three Months from the Date thereof, to pull down such Paitv-wall, and in Stead thereof, to build a Party-wall agreeable to this Act of Parliament; then, and in that Case, from and after the Expiration of the three Months expressed in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the Owner of such House or Building, so intended to be rebuilt, to pull down the said Party wall, and to have and exercise the like Power of entering into and upon the said adjoining House ot Budding, or of breaking open'the fame, in the Presence of a Peace Officer, in case the same be unoccupied, or be refused to be opened, and of removing any Wainscot, Shelves, Furniture, or other Things, and of fhcring up the said adjoining House or Building, as by 1 his Act is given and allowed to the Owners of intermixed Houses or Buildings; and shall and may, in the Place and Stead of every such old Party-wall, build a new Party-wall, of such Materials, Thickness, and Height, and ia such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions and Directions, as are in and by this Act prescribed.

XL. And whereas several old Houses, or other Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, have, instead of a Party-wall between such House or other Building, or between such Houses or other Buildings and the Houses or other Buildings and Ground adjoining thereto, one Timber or Wood Partition, or two old Timber or Wood Partitions, with or without Buck Nogging, in one or more of the Stories thereof, one belonging to each House or other Building: And w'her's D.fputes may arise concerning the pulling "* down such Partitions, and the Wall or Walls under or over the same, if any such there be, and concerning the building Party-walls, agreeable to the Rules an 1 Directions herein contained, in the Place and Stead of such Partition or Fence, whenever it may be expedient to rebuild any such House or Build- ing, or so much, thereof a* may subject the lame, and the Partitions abutting on the same, to the Rules

Walls being certified by the Surveyors to be ruinous a Copy of the Certificate to be delivered to the Owners, &c. in three Days.

Owners thinking themselves aggrieved may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions;

whose Determination shall be final.

Powers of Parties intending to repair, &c. in Default of Appeal.

Owners of Houses of the First, Second, and Third Class-shall give three Months Notice in Writing before pulling down old Party-walls,

Owners of Houses having Partitions of Wood, may give three Months Notice to Owners of adjoining Houses of thein Congn to pull down the UmCj, &c.

166 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

and afterwards may pull down the said Partitions, remove Furniture, &c. as before directed.

'and Regulations contained in this Act;' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner of Owners of any House or Building to which any such Timber or Wood Partition or Partitions* or Wooden Fence belongs, shall be desirous of pulling down and rebuilding such House or Building, or so much thereof as aforesaid, and of such his, her, or their Desire, shall give three Months Notice to the Owner, or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the next adjoining House or Building of his, her, or their Intention to pull down such Timber or Wood Partition or Partitions after the End of three Months after the Date of such Notice, and instead thereof to build a Party-wall or Party-walls, agreeable to this A d of Parliament; then, and in that Case, from and after the Expiration of the three Months expressed in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the Owner of such House or Building so to be rebuilt, to pull down the said Partition or Partitions, and the Wall or Walls under or over the same, if any such there be, and the said Wooden Fence or Fences, and to have and exercise the like Power of Entry into ajid upon the said adjoining House or Building and Ground, or of breaking open the same in the Presence of a Peace Officer, in case the same be unoccupied, or be refused to be opened, and of removing any Wainscot, Shelves, Furniture, or other Things, and of (horing up the said adjoining House or Building, as by this Act is given and allowed to the Owners of intermixed Houses or Buildings; and shall and may, in the Place and Stead of such Partition or Partitions, and of the Wall or Walls under or over the same, if any such there be, or of such Wooden Fence or Fences, build a new Party-wall or Party-walls, of such Materials, Thickness, and Height, and in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions and Directions, as are ia and by this Act prescribed.

How Owners are

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons, at whose Ex-

to l* reimbursed pence any Party-wall or Party-arch shall be built agreeably to the Directions of this Act, shall be reim-Fart of their Ex- bursed by the Owner or Owners who shall be inti tied to the improved Rent of the adjoining Building or vhat Propor" Ground, and who shall, at any Tune, make use of such Party-wall or Party-arcn, a rart of the Expence tion, who have of building the lame, in the Proportion after mentioned; that is to say. If the adjoining Building then built said Par- erected, or afterwards to be erected, be of the same Rate or Class of Building as, or superior to, the Building ti'ions ox Party- belonging to the Person or Persons at whose Expence the said Party-wall was built, then the Owner or walJ, Occupier of such adjoining Building or Ground shall pay one Moiety of the Expence or building so much of the said Party-wall or Party-arch as such Owner or Occupier shall make use of; and if the adjoining Building then erected, or afterwards to be erected, be of an inferior Rate or Class of Building, then the Owner or Occupier of such adjoining Building or Ground shall pay a Sum of Money equal one Moiety of the Expence of building a Party-wall or Party-arch of the Thickness by this Act required for the Rate or Class of Building whereof such adjoining Building shall be, and-of the Height and Breadth of so much of the said Party-wall or Party-arch as such Owner or Occupier shall make use of: And, in the mean time, and until such Moiety or other proportional Part of the Expence of building such Party-wall or Party-arch be 16 paid,-the lole Property of such whole Party-wall or Party-arch, and of the whole Ground whereon the said Party-wall shall (land, shall be vetted entirely in the Person or Persons at whose Expence the same shall be built: And such MoietyT orpother propomonal Parfof the Expence of1 building such Party-wall or Party-arch shall be so paid to the Person or Persons at whose "Expence the same shall be built, or in whom the Property thereof shall be verted at the Times herein after mentioned; that is to say. In respect of every such Party-wall to any House or Building whereunto, at the Time of building the same, no other House or Building was adjoining, so soon as such Party-wall shall he first cut into or made use of; and in respect of every such Party-wall or Party-arclTas lETtTTe bulk again(T7or adjoining to, any other House or Building, so soon as such Party-wall or Party-arch shall be completely built and finished: And in respect of such last mentioned Party-wall or Party-arch, the Owner or Occupier of such adjoining House or Building Party-wall or Party-; to the pulling down

able Expences of (horing up such adjoining House or Building, and of removing any Goods, Furniture, or other Things, and of pulling down any Wainscot or Partition, and also all such Costs, if any, as may have been awarded by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Court of Sessions, as aforesaid; but not any Part of the Expen:e of pulling down and clearing away any such old Party-wall or Party-arch, Rarrs for build- or old Partition, if any such there was: And it is hereby directed, that the Expence of building such ing of Party- Party-wall or Party-arch shall be estimated after the Rate of seven Pounds fifteen Shillings by the Rod, for the new Brick-work, deduding the reout after the Rate of twenty-eight Shillings by the Rod for the Materials (if any) of so much of the old Wall or Arch as did belong to such adjoining Building or Ground, and also after the Rate of Two-pence by the Cubical Foot for the Materials (if any) of so much of the old Ten Days after Timber Partition as did belong to such adjoining Building or Ground: And that within ten Days after party-Wall is such Party-wall or Party-arch shall be so built, orj

finished, an Ac- or Builders shall leave, aft such adjoining Hopfe of

count to be lcit ^er Qf £ocjs in such Party-wall or Party-arch for which^tfielpwner or Owners of such adjoining Building or Ground shall be liable to pay, and of the Deduction which (ucTTOwner or Owners shall be intitled to make thereout, on account of such Materials, and also an Account of such other Expences and Costs as aforesaid; whereupon it shall be lawful for the Tenant or Occupier of such adjoining Building or Ground to p3y one Moiety, or such proportional Part, as aforesaid," to such First Builder or buildersTor the Tame, and also for (horing and supporting such adjoining Building as aforesaid, and for all such other Expences as are herein-before directed to be paid by the Owner or Owners of such adjoining Building or Ground, and to dedud the same out of the Rent which shall become due from him or her to such Owner or Owners, under whom he or she holds the Tame rcTpodively, until he or she'shall be reimbursed the same: And in case the same be not paid within twenty-one Days next after Demand thereof, then the same shall and may be recovered, together with Full Coifs of Suit, of and from such Owner or Owners, by Action of Debt,

Until Payment of Expence, the Property of the Party*wall. Sect vested in the Builder.

When a proportional Part ii to be paid.

with the Owner of adjoining Fundings what ' he is liable to

How Expence may be recovered.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. 167

or on the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Action, shall, three Calendar Months at the least before the Commencement thereof* give Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons against wtiom /uch Action is intended to be brought, of his, her, or their Intention to bring the same, or leave the same at his, her, or their lait or usual Place of Abode, and shall in such Notice specify the Sum for which it is to be brought, and also annex to such Notice a Sill of the just and true Particulars of the Expences and Charges with which the intended Defendant or Defendants is or are to be charged; then such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, if he, she, or they, recover the full Sum specified in such Notice, shall also recover and be intitled to Double Costs of Suit, and shall have and be intitled to the like Remedies for Recovery thereof, as are usually given for Costs in other Cases of Costs at Law.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid., That every Party-wall hereafter to be built, and every Addition which shall be made thereto, or to any Party-wall which is already built or begun, shall be built agreeable to the Directions herein contained concerning the Party-wall of the highest Kate or Class of Building to which such Party-wall stoll adjoin, when such Additions are completed; and that no Party-wall now built, or hereafter to be built, shall, after the same and the Buildings adjoining thereto is and are completed, be raised, unless the same when raised be of the full Thickness such Party-wall is of in the Story next under the Roof of the highest adjoining Building; nor shall any Party-wall hereafter be raised, unless the same can be done with Safety to such Wall, and the several Buildings adjoining thereto; but all such Party-walls as will, when raised, be of the Materials, Heights, and Thick-nesses herein-before required, or as can be safely raised, may, together with the Shaft or Shafts of the Chimnies belonging thereto, be raised by and at the Expence of the Proprietor or Occupier of any Building, to which the lame belong, to any Height he, she, or they, shall think proper; but if the Proprietor or Occupier of any Building adjoining to the said Party-wall and Chimney Shafts, shall make use of any Part of such Party-wall and Chimney Shaft, other than the Use he makes of the Chimney Flues therein, which shall be so raised, then such Person so making use thereof, for the Part so used, shall be chargeable With a proportionable Share of the Expence of raising such Party-wall and Chimney Shafts; and in computing such Charge the same shall be rated in Manner herein-before mentioned, and the Proportion such Person shall be liable to pay shall be recovered in such Manner as is herein-before particularly declared concerning the first Building of a Party-wall.

XLIII. Provided always, That any Party Fence-wall, now built, or hereafter to be built, may be raised by and at the Expence of the Proprietor or Occupier of the Ground on either Side adjoining thereto; but no Party Fence-wall shall hereafter be built upon, or against, or used as a Party-wall, unless the same be of the Materials, Height, and Thickness, herein-before directed for Party-walls, to the Rate or Class of Building so to be erected against or upon the same: And in case of the Insufficiency of such Wall for the Purposes aforesaid, or if instead of such Party Fence-wall there be only a Wooden Fence, the Proprietor or Occupier of either of the adjoining Premises shall be at Liberty, at his own Expence, to take down such Wall or Fence, and erect a new rarty-wall in lieu thereof, making good every Damage that may accrue to the adjoining Premises by such Rebuilding, so nevertheless as that such new Party-wall shall not extend on the Surface of such adjoining Ground more than Seven Inches beyond the Centre Line of such Party Fence-wall or Fence; but no Proprietor or Occupier of such adjoining Premises shall make use of such Party-wall, otherwise than as a Party Fence-wall, unless he, she, or they, pay a proportionable Share of the whole Expence of erecting such Parts of such Wall, according to the Use he, she, or they, shall make of the same, at the Rates aforesaid.

uses it other than as a Party Fence-wall, he mu ft contribute to

If the Plaintiff1 before Action gives ih?ee Months Notice,

and recovers hii whtde Charge, he shall be intitled to double Cost;.

Party, walls shall be such as are required for the highest Rate of Building adjoin* ing, and not to be of ids Thick* ness.

and may be raised by the Owner of one Side.

If the Owner of the other Side make use of it, he must contribute to the£x* pence.

Party Fence* walls may be raised by the Owner of one Side, bot not to be used as a Par* fy-wall unless of sufficicatThicfc-nrfs. Sec.

Owner of one Side may take down a Party Fence-wall, and build a Party* wall.

if the Owner of the other Side the Expense.

XLIV. Provided also, That in case any such Party-wall shall extend further upon the Ground of the First Builder not Party building the same than the Party Fence-wall did, yet the Party rebuilding the same shall not thereby to lofc any Right lose any Part of the Soil whereon such Party-wall shall be built; nor shall the Owner or Owners of cou^to? Part the other Part of such Party-wall claim, or be intitled to, any Right of Soil, more than what he was wali not being before intitled to half on each

XLV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Fore-front and Back-front of any Cround. Building now built, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be rebuilt as low as the Breflummer, the Forc*n* or one Pair of Stairs Floor, within the Space of five Years from each other, the Party-walls of every such ^odk?wn * Building shall, from thenceforth, be in all respects subject to the several Regulations herein-before con- within five tained concerning the Party-walls of Houses to be built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June: And Year?, this it for the further Prevention of Fire, the Back of every Chimney to be built after the said twenty-fourth Re-

Day of June, in any Building of the First Rate or Class of Building, not being in a Party-wall, shall be Luf|:d!n^f in the Cellar Story at least thirteen Inches thick from the Hearth, to the Height of twelve Inches above Backs JrfChim-the Mantle; and shall be at least eight Inches and an Half Thick from the Hearth to the Height of nies not in Party" twelve Inches above the Mantle in every other Story, except where any such Chimney shall be built walls, against a Wall, in which Case the Back of every such Chimney, from the Hearth to the Height of twelve Inches above the Mantle, may be Half a Brick thinner: And that the Back of every Chimney hereafter to be built in any Building of the Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, not being in a Party-wall, shall be in every Story at least eight Inches and an Half thick, from the Hearth to the Height of twelve Inches above the Mantle, except where any such Chimney shall be built against a Wall, in which Case the Back of every such Chimney from the Hearth to the Height of twelve Inches above the Mantle may be Half a Brick thinner:

[

Tickets.]

And that there shall be no Timber whatever over the Opening of BmftofChbn* any Chimney, to be built after the Time aforesaid, for supporting the Breast of such Chimney; but ncynottohe there shall be an Arch of Brick or Stone, or an Iron Bar or Bars over the Opening of every such Chimney,

168 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto. Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Timber under the Hearth must be 18 inches lower.

her Uid in the Brick-work of Cfcimnin, Stoves, &c. Wood-work on the Front of Chimnie* to be fixed by Iron, Nail*

Timber.

Materials of external Walls.

to support the Bread thereof: And that no Timber shall, after the said Time, he said in any. Wall beCifinches*11* unc^cr Hearth of any Chimney thereafter to be built, unless the same shall be in every Part thereof

lower.°C " which shall lie under such Hearth eighteen Inches at the leal! lower than the Surface of such Hearth; and

Hea*th must be that the Hearth of every Chimney, to be built after the Time aforesaid, shall be laid wholly on Brick or

hid on Brick or Stone, except the same be in a Cellar or Ground Story, and be laid and bedded on the foil'd Earth; and

Stone, or on the every such Chimney shall have a Slab or Slabs, or Foot Paces before the same, of Tile, Stone, Marble, or Slabs before Iron, at lead eighteen Inches broad, and at leaf! one Foot longer than the Opening of every such Chim-

Hearthe, and

ney when finished; and such Slab or Slabs, or Foot Paces, shall be laid on Brick or Stone Trimmers, at

Brick Trimmers lead eighteen Inches broad from the Opening of such Chimney, or from the perpendicular Face of the under them. Arch over the Opening which supports the Breast of such Chimney; except the same be in a Cellar or No Timber fa Ground Floor, and be laid and bedded on the solid Earth: And that no Timber or Wood-work whatever iheBtick-woik shall be laid in the Brick-work of any Oven, Stove, Copper, Still, Boiler, or Furnace, to be built after of Ovenr, Cop- the said twenty-fourth Day of June, nor within two Feet of the Inside of any such Oven, Stove, Copper* pert, ace. Still, Boiler, or Furnace; nor shall any Timber whatever be‘laid in the Brick-work of any ChimBey, to Pittance of Tun- after nearer than nine Inches to the Opening of such Chimney, or than five

Inches to the Inside of the Flue of any Chimney, Oven, Stove, Copper, Still, Boiler, or Furnace, or

than nine Inches to the Inside of the Flue of any such Oven, Stove, Copper, Still, Boiler, or Furnace, where any such Timber shall lie or be placed nearer than five Feet above the Mouth of the same: And that no Wood-work whatever shall, at any Time after the Time aforesaid, be affixed to the Front of any

{amb or Mantle, or to the Front or Back of any Chimney or Flue, except such Wood-work be affixed y Iron Nails or Holdfarts, or other Iron Fastenings; and no Iron Nail, Iron Holdfaft, or other Iron Fattening, shall lie or be drove more than three Inches into the Wall against such Chimney or Flue, or No chimney to nearer than four Inches to the Inside of the opening of any Chimney: And that no Chimney shall* after beerettedoo the Time aforesaid, be eretfted on any Timber-work whatever, except on such Piling, Bridging, or Planking, as may be necessary below the Foundation of the Building in which such Chimney 1* erected; but every Chimney thereafter to be built shall be erected on such Piling, Bridging, or Planking, or on solid Ground, or on a Brick or Stone Foundation, or shall be set upon Brick or Stone Corbies, or Iron Brackets, or upon Iron Shores, which Iron Shores shall be supported by Brick or Stone Foundations,.

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every external Wall or external Inclosure of every Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, or Fifth Kate or Class of Building, which shall be erected and built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June* and of every Addition or Enlargement thereafter to be made to any Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, or Fifth Rate or Class of Building, now erected, or hereafter to be erected, shall be of Brick, Stone, Artificial Stone, Lead, Copper, Tin, Slate, Tile, or Iron, or of Brick, Stone, and such Artificial Stone, Lead, Copper, Tin, Slate, Tile, and Iron together, except the necessary Piling, Bridging, and Planking, for the Foundation of the same, and also except the necessary Templets, Chains, Bond-timbers, and also except the Doors, Sa(hes, Window? shutters, and Door and Window Frames to such Buildings, and the Tiers or Stories of Door-cases and Doors to all such Warehouses as are or shall be of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Saft frames and Building; all which Window-frames and Door frames shall be set in Reveals, and receded at lead four poor-framest« Inches from the Front of the Building in which such Window-frames and Door-frames shall be fixed; be m Reveals. and also except the Breflummers, Story-posts, and Plates, which may be made on the Ground-story only;

and also except all Stall-boards for the Conveniency of any Shop or Shops, which may be made on the Ground-story only; which Breffummers, Story-posts, and Plates, and the Tiers or Stories of Door-cafcs and Doors to all such Warehouses, ns before mentioned, are not hereby required to be fixed in Reveals; Story-posts and but no Story-post or Breffijmmer shall, at any Time,* after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be fixed BrcH'ummetsto more than two Inches deep in any Party-wall, or be placed in any Front nearer than seven Inches to the be but twolnches Centre Line of the Party-wall of such Building, if such Party-wall be of the Thickness of two Bricks* in Party-walls. or nearer than four Inches and an Half to the Centre of such Party-wall, if such Party-wall shall not exceed one Brick and an Half in Thickness; but no Timber-work whoever, other than and except such Breflummer, Story-posts, and Plates, and such Tiers or Stories of Door-cases and Doors shall be laid in any such external Wall nearer than four Inches to the external Surface thereof; and every such Story-post which shall be fixed as a Support to two Fronts, being the Corner of any Streets, Square, Place, Court, or Way, shall be of Oak or Stone, and at least twelve Inches square.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Flat, Gutter, and Roof, of every Building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, or Fifth Rate or Class of Building, which shall be"Boilr after the said Day of June,-and every Turret, Dormer, and Lanthorn Light, or other Erection, which shall be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such Building, and every external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer, and Lanthorn, in any Building of the First, second, Third, Fourth, or Fifth Rate or Class of Building, now built, and which shall, at any Time after the Time aforesaid, be ripped or uncovered, shall be covered with Glass, Copper, Lead, Tin, Slate, Tile, or Artificial Stone; except the Doors, Door-frames, Windows, and Window-frames, of such Dormers, Turn rets, Lanthorn Lights, or other Erections.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Coping, Cornice, Facia, Window-drafting, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade, or other external Decoration or Projection whatsoever, to be made after the said twenty-fourth Day of June% to any Building of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building; and also every Frontispiece to any Building of the First Rate or Class of Building, now built, or hereafter to be built, or to any Addition or Enlargement of any such Building, shall externally be of Brick, Stone, Burnt Clay, or Artificial Stone, Stucco, Lead, or Iron; except the Cornices and Dressings to Shop-windows; and also except such covered Ways as may hereafter be made to any Building, so nevertheless as that the said covered Wity, or any Part thereof, shall nor extend beyond

Corner Story-post* to be of Oak or Stone, and 11 Inches square.

Fl*t.«, Roofs, See how to be covered.

Materials of external Decorations.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. 169

Water how to be conveyed from Roofs.

No Bow-windows to be built extending beyond the Line of the Street, except Projections for Decorations.

Shop windows and Stall-boards.

Materials of Bow-windows and Projections.

beyond the original Line of the Houses in the Street or Way in which the same shall be or is erefled; and such covered Way shall be covered with Stone, Lead, Copper, Slate, Tile, or Tin; and neither the said covered Way, nor the Cornice or Dressings to any Shop-window, nor the Roof of any such Portico, shall be higher than the under Side of the Sill of the Window-frame of the one Pair of Stairs Window of the Building to which the same belongs: And that no Water shall be suffered to drip next to anypub- Water how to lick Street, Square, Place, Court, or Way, from the Roof of any Building of the First, Second, Third beco^eyed Of Fourth Rate or Class of Building, to be built after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, except from rom 00 *' the Roofs of Porticoes or other Entrances; but all Water from such Roofs shall be conveyed by Lead,

Copper, Tin, or Iron Gutters or Pipes, or all, or either, or any of them, or by Wooden Trunks, or Brick or Stone Funnels, to the Drains or Channel Stones, now made, or hereafter to be made, on or below the Surface of the Ground, for that Purpose, or to some Cistern or other Reservoir made to receive the same, or to any Front of such Building not abutting upon any publick Street or Way; and no such Brick or Stone Funnel shall, after the Time aforesaid, be made or built, unless the same shall be in every Part thereof below the Surface of the Foot Pavement before the same, nor shall any such Wooden Trunk, after the said Time, be fixed, unless the same be, in every Part thereof, below the Tops of the Windows of the Ground Story.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bow-window or other Pro- No Bow-wJn-je&ion shall, after the Time aforesaid, be built with, or added to, any Building of the First, Second, dow* to be built Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, next to any publick Street, Square, Court, or Way, so as *ondthcLi^c *0 extend beyond the general Line of the Fronts of the Houses in such publick Street, Square, Court, or of the street. Way, in which such Bow-window or other Projection is made; except such Projections as may bene- except Projcc-ceflary for Copings, Cornices, Facias, Door and Window Dreftings, or for open Porticoes, Steps, or tiom for Deco-Iron Pallifades; and also except such Window to any Shop or Shops on the Ground-floor Story of any *a*ion,v such Building, the Stall-boards of which Windows shall not, in any Street or Way thirty Feet wide or aiJst^.nboudi. more, project above ten Inches, nor in any Street or Way less than thirty Feet wide, above five Inches from the upright Line of the TJuilding in such Street or Way respectively: And no Cornice or Covering thereof to any such Shop-window shall, in any Street or Way thirty Feet wide or more, project more han fffifrtcen1 Inches, nor in any Street or Way less than thirty Feet wide more than thirteen Inches from the upright Line of the Building to which such Shop-window belongs: And that no Bow-window or Materials of other Projection, except as before excepted, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built with, Bow-windows or added to, the Front of any Building of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, and Projection* unless the same, and the Columns and Pilasters (if any) which support the same, be built of the several Materials herein-before directed to be used in all external Walls, or external Inclosures.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat Saving to Com-the Powers granted to any Commissioners for paving any Streets or other Places within the Limits afore- pal^ners * said, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or to the Commissioners of the Sewers for the City of London. a',ng*

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every external Wall, or other external Old externa! Inclosure, to any Building, which is built, or begun to be built, before the said twenty-fourth Day of Wails or incio-Jkw, not being of the several Materials in and by this Act required for external Walls, or external In- pVired^hh the" cloftires, thereafter to be built, may be at all Times thereafter repaired with the same Sort or Sorts of fame Material* Materials as the Materials of which such external Wall, or other external Inclosure, is ereefted (except the external Inclosures of Roofs, Flats, Gutters, and of the Dormers, Turrets, and Lanthorn Lights, or other Erections on the same, which shall be repaired with the Materials herein-before directed for the same); but in case any such external Wall, or other external Inclosure, be at any Time hereafter taken down, or otherwise demolished to the Breflummer or one Pair of Stairs Floor, or the Place where the Breflummer is usually fixed, then every Part of the same, not being built of the several Materials in and by this Act required for external Walls, or other external Inclosures, thereafter to be erected, shall be taken down, and the same shall be entirely rebuilt of such Materials, and in such Manner, in all Respe&s, as in and by this Ac5t required for all external Walls, or other external Inclosures, thereafter to be built, according to the Rate or Class of Building to which such Wall, or other external Inclosure, belongs.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bow-window, or other Projection, NoBow-window made or built before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall be at any Time thereafter rebuilt, except or lVojtAiun to Yuch Projections as are in and by this Act allowed, unless such Bow-window, or other Projection, was originally builV built at the same Time the House or Building to which the same belongs was built, or unless such Bow- or within the Window, or other Projection, be within the original Line of the Street, Square, Place, Court, or Way, Lin- of the in which the same is erected. ———-—* Street, &c.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Stack of Warehouses to be erected No Stack of after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall contain more than thirty-five Squares of Building on the 'vRoutes to Ground Plan thereof, including all the external and internal Walls, and so much of the Party-walls, if s uareVindud any, as belong to such Stack of Warehouses; and no Enlargement shall be at any time thereafter made to ing internaUn* any Stack of Warehouses already built or begin!, so as to increase the same beyond the said thirty-five external Wall* Squares on the Ground Plan, including such walls as aforesaid, except such Stack of Warehouses be fe-parated and divided by one or more Party-wall or Party-walls, built, in every RespeO, according to the Directions herein-before contained concerning Party-walls, into Divisions of not more than thirty-five Squares each, including such Walls as aforesaid on the Ground Plan of such Warehouses; and thut no NoCommunfci-Stack of Warehouses shall communicate with any other Warehouse or Building through a Party-wail, j;on thrown unless the Door-case and Sill of every such Communication be of Stone, and unless theic be to every such Communication a Door of wrought Iron, of the Thickness of a Quarter of an Inch at lend in the Pan- Donnies .»r.4 nels thereof; and no Timber, Bond, or Lintel, shall be Uid into the Brick-work of any Wall in any such iron Dcnrs. Stack of Warehouses nearer than eighuen Inches to the Opening of such Communication. No Timber

170 C. 7 Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

No Stables to contain more than 15 Squares of Building including internal and external Walls,

No Communication Door without having Stone cases, &c.

Buildings hereafter divided into distio& Tenures on the Ground-floor deemed fe-fatate Baildings.

Not to prevent Proprietors from dividing Wait-hollies j

or from dividing Stables, subject to Restrictions mentioned.

buildings of the Fifth and Sixth Rates, in distin^t Tenures, and not at the requisite Distances, deemed Nuisances.

No Funnel for Smoke next the Street in the Front of Houses of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rates. No Funnel with-, inside nearer than 14 Inches to any Timber. NoBrick Funnel

Every Building contrary, declared to be a common Nuisance 3

and the Builder and Owner to

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Building for Stables, to be creeled after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall contain more than twenty-five Squares of Building on the Ground Plan thereof, including all the external and internal Walls, and so much of the Party-wall* (if any) as belong to such Building for Stables; and no Enlargement shall be at any Time thereafter made thereto, or to any Building for Stables already built, or begun to be built, so as to increase the same beyond the said twenty-five Squares on the Ground Plan, including such Walls as aforesaid, except such Building for Stables be separated and divided by one or more Party-wall or Party-walls, built in every Respect according to the Directions herein-before contained concerning Party-walls into Divisions of not more than twenty-five Squares each, including such Walls as aforesaid, on the Ground Plan of such Stables: And that no such Building for Stables shall communicate through a Party-wall with any other Stables or Building, unless the Door-case and Sill of every such Communication be of Stone, and unless there be to every such Communication a Door of wrought Iron, of the Thickness of a Quarter of an Inch in the Pannels thereof; and no Timber, Bond, or Lintel, shall be laid into the Brick-work of any Wall in any such Building for Stables nearer than eighteen Inches to the Opening of such Communication. '

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Building whatsoever of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building (except Buildings in the several Inns of Court for Chancery, the Royal Exchange^ Companies Halls, and except Warehouses and Dwelling-houses let at a Rack Rent for not more than twenty-five Pounds by the Year), be at any Time hereafter converted into two or more Dwelling-houses, Work-shops, Stables, or other Buildings, which shall be in distinct Tenures on the Ground-floor thereof, then each such Tenement shall be considered as a separate Building, and the same shall be divided from each other by a Party-wall or Party-walls; and every such Party-wall shall he of the Materials, Height, and Thickness, and mail be from Time to Time under the several Regulations respecting Party-walls herein directed to be observed with respect to the Party* wall of the highest Rate or Class of Building adjoining to such Party-wall or Party-walls.

LVI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Person, being the Proprietor or Leaseholder of any Stack of Warehouses, from dividing the said Warehouses from Time to Time into Divisions, for the Conveniency of letting the same to Under Tenants; so, nevertheless, as that, if any Stack of Warehouses contain more than thirty-five Squares of Building on the Ground Plan, the same shall be separated and divided by a Party-wall or Party-walls as aforesaid into Divisions of not more than thirty-five Squares each, as is herein-before directed concerning Stacks of Warehouses to be erected after the said twenty-fourth Day of June.

LVII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Person, being the Proprietor or Leaseholder of any Stable Yard, or Livery Stables, from dividing the said Stables from Time to Time into Divisions, for the Conveniency of letting the same to Under enants; so, nevertheleft, as that if any Building for Stables contain more than twenty-five Squares of Building on the Ground Plan, the same shall be separated and divided by a Party-wall or Party-walls, as aforesaid, into Divisions of not more than twenty-five Squares each, as herein-before directed concerning Buildings for Stables to be erected after the said twenty-fourth Day of June.

LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Building hereip-before declared to be of the Fifth or Sixth Rate or Class of Building, be hereafter divided into two or more distinct Tenures, and the several Parts of such Building in such separate Tenures be not at the Several Distances from each other herein-before particularly directed for every such Fifth or Sixth Rate Building; then, every such several Part of such Building in every such separate and distinct Tenure, being nearer to each other than the said several Difiances, shall be deemed a publick Nuisance, and shall be immediately taken down as such.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Iron, Tin, Copper, or other Pipe or Funnel for conveying Smoke or Steam, shall be, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, fixed next any publick Street, Square, Court, or Way, on the Front of any Building of the Pirft, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building; nor shall any such Pipe or Funnel be fixed on the Inside of any such Building nearer than fourteen Inches to any Timber, or other combustible Material whatever; nor shall any Brick Funnel be thereafter built or placed on the Outside of any Front next to any publick Street, Square, Place, Court, Road, or Way, of any Building of the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Rate or Class of Building, so as to extend beyond the general Tine of the Houses in the publick Street, Square, Place, Court, or Way, in which the same is erected.

in the Front to extend beyond the Line of the Street.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Church, Chapel, Meeting-house, Dwelling-house, or other Building, and every Party-wall and other Wall which shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be built within the Limits of this Act, shall be built pursuant to such Rules and Regulations, and with such Materials, as are herein-before particularly appointed; and if any Person or Persons presume to build or to begin Building, or to cause the Building or beginning to build, or to alter, or cause to be altered, any Building already erected in any respect contrary thereunto, and be thereof convicted by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses before the Mayor of the City of London, or any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of his Majesty's Toner of London respectively, where such Building, contrary to the Regulations aforesaid, shall be situated (which Oaths they the said Mayor and Justices are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer), then the said House, Building, or Wall, so irregularly built, or begun to be built, or so irregularly altered, or begun to be altered, shall be deemed a common Nuisance, and the Builder and the Owner thereof, or one of them, such as the said Mayor or Justices shall require, shall enter into a Recognizance in such Sum as

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. 171

the said Mayor or Justices shall respectively appoint, for abating and demolishing the fajne, within such convenient Time as the said Mayor or Justices shall respectively appoint; or otherwise to amend the same according to such Rules and Regulations as are herein-before contained: And in Default of entering into such Recognizance, the Person or Persons so making Default shall be committed to the common Gaol of the City, County, or Liberty, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have abated or demolished, or otherwise amended, the same; or until such irregular House or Building shall be abated or demolished by Order of such Mayor or Justices respectively, which Order the said Mayor and Justices are hereby impowered to make.; provided always that such Conviction be had within three Months after such Building shall be finished.

LXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor of the City of London, or any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or County of Middlesex or Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London respectively, where any Building contrary to the Regulations aforesaid shall befituaced, to order every House or Building so irregularly built, or begun to be built, or so irregularly altered, or begun to be altered, as is by this Act declared to be a common Nuisance, to be abated or taken down, and to order the Person or Persons authorised to abate or take down the same, to sell and dispose of the Materials thereof, and out of the Monies arising by the Sale thereof, to pay to themselves, and all Persons by them employed for the Purposes aforesaid, the veasonable Charges of abating or taking down such Nuisance; and to pay the Surplus of the Monies arising by such Sale (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Materials; and if the Monies arising by such Sale be not sufficient to pay such Charges* the Deficiency shall be made good by such Owner or Owners, and may be levied in like Manner as is herein after directed concerning the Expence of taking down ruinous Buildings, and putting up Hoards for the Safety of Passengers.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London shall and may nominate and appoint such and so many discreet Persons, skilled in the Art of Building, as they the said Mayor and Aldermen think fit, to be, during their Will and Pleasure, the Surveyors or Supervisors to see the said Rules and Regulations well and truly observed in and throughout the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof: And it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen in their Court of Aldermen, and they are hereby required to administer to all the said Surveyors or Supervisors an Oath for the true and impartial Execution of their Office in that Behalf; and to appoint the several Districts which shall be under their respective Surveys: And it shall also be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, the County of Surrey, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, in their General Quarter Sessions respectively, and they are hereby required^ within their respective Jurisdictions, to nominate and appoint such, and to many discreet Persons (killed in the Art of Building, as the said Justices, in their respective Quarter Sessions, think fit, to be, during their Will and Pleasure, the Surveyors or Supervisors to see the said Rules and Regulations well and truly observed in and throughout the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and the said several Parishes, Precincts, and Places aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the respective Quarter Sessions by whom they shall he so appointed: And the said Justices, in their respective Quarter Sessions, shall administer to the said Sur->. veyors or Supervisors by them respectively appointed, an Oath for the true and impartial Execution of their Office in that Behalf, and shall appoint the several Districts which shall be under their respective Surveys; which Oath shall be in the Form, or to the Effed, following; that is to say,

enter into a Recognizance to demolish the same.

Buildings deemed Nuisance* shall be taken down by Order of the Court,

and Materials sold to defray the Expence.

Court of Aldermen of London, to appoint Surveyors in that

City.

In other Placet the Quarter Sessions to appoint Surveyors*;

I A.B. being one of the Surveyors or Supervisors appointed in pursuance of an Act of Parliament* The Oath#

X passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, For the further and better Regu~

lotion of Buildings and Party-walk; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities

London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Prccintis, and Places, within the weekly Bilk of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County ^ Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders, and

other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for fretting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid,- contrary to Law, do swear, that, upon receiving Notice of any Building or Wall to be built*

or other Builders Work to be done, within the District under my Inspection, not being by illness or otherwise lawfully prevented, I will, diligently and faithfully, survey the same, and, to the utmost of my Abilities, endeavour to cause the Rules and Regulations, in the said Act prescribed, to be strictly observed; and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice.

'So help me GOD.'

And such Surveyor or Supervisor shall, from Time to Time, leave Notice in Writing with the Clerk of Clerk-to !«in the Peace for the County, City, or Liberty, in which his District shall be situated, of the Place of his usual of hit Abode or Residence. Abode.

LXIII. And it is also hereby further enacted, That before any Building or any Wall, on new or old Notice of Build* Foundations, or on Foundations partly new and partly old, within the Limits of this Act, shall* after the in* to be give* said twenty-fourth Day of June, be begun to be built, the Master Workman, or other Person causing such toSuroyon. building or W2II to be built, shall give twenty-four Hours Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Supervisor appointed as aforesaid, within whose District the same shall be; and such Surveyor or Supervisor shall view the said Building or Wall, and fee that all the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained are well and truly observed; and such Surveyor or Supervisor, for his Trouble therein* shall be paid by such Master Workman,* or other Person causing such Building or Wall to be built, such Sum of Money as a Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, as any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, County* or Lit>crty, in which such Building or Wall is situate, shall, by any Writing under their Hands* order or appoint, not exceeding three Pounds ten Shillings for every new Building of the First Rate or Class of

172 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Building; or one Pound fifteen Shillings for every First Rate Building to yvhieh any Alteration or Addition

On Default of Notice, Treble Satisfaction to Surveyor, and toU Penalty.

shall be made; and not exceeding th?ce Pounds three Shillings for every Jnew Building of the Second Rate or Class of Building, or one Pound ten Shillings for every Second Rate Building to which any Alteration or Addition shall be made; and not exceeding two Pounds ten Shillings for every new Building of the Third Rate or Class of Building, or one Pound five Shillings for every bird Rate Building to which any Alteration or Addition shall be made; and not exceeding two Pounds two Shillings for every new Building of the FoOrth Rate or Class of Building, or one Pound one Shilling for every Fourth Rate Building to which any Alteration or Addition shall be madej and not exceeding one Pound ten Shillings for every new Building of the Fifth Rate or Class of Building, or fifteen Shillings for every Fifth Rate Building to which any Alteration or Addition shall be made; and not exceeding one Pound one Shilling for every new Building of the Sixth Rate or Class of Building, or ten Shillings and Sixpence for every Sixth Rate Building to which any Alteration or Addition shall be made; and not exceeding ten Shillings and Sixpence for every new Building of the Seventh Rate or Class of Building, or five Shillings for every Seventh Rate Building to which any Alteration or Addition shall be made; and, in Default of Payment of any of the said several Sums of Money, or such other Sums as the said Justices shall appoint, the same shall, by Warrant of one or more of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master Workman, or other Person as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, begin any such Building, or any such Wall; or if any Person or Persons shall thereafter presume to cut into any Party-wall, without first giving such Notice as aforesaid to the Surveyor or Supervisor within whose District the same is situated, or shall refuse such Surveyor or Supervisor Admittance from Time to Time, at reasonable Hours, for the Purpose of viewing the same; then, every Person so neglecting to give such Notice, or so refusing such Admittance, shall, for every Default therein, forfeit and pay to the said Surveyor or Supervisor Treble the Satisfaction which such Surveyor or Supervisor would have been intitled to receive for his Trouble in viewing such Building or Wall, and seeing the Rules and Regulations of this Act well and truly observed therein, in case such Notice had been given; and shall also, for every such Default, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and also every such House, Building, or Wall, so begun to be built, without giving such Notice, or without giving such Admittance to such Surveyor or Supervisor, in case the same be not built in every Respect agreeably to the Regulations of this Act, shall be demolished or amended by Order of the said Mayor, or of two Justices, within whose Jurisdiction the same shall be, in the Manner herein before directed.

LXV. And it is hereby furthet enacted, That in case the Workmen employed in building any such Building or Wall, or in the cutting into any such Party-wall, shall not well and truly observe the several Rules and Regulations in this Act contained, and from Time to Time conform themselves thereto, the Surveyor or Supervisor within whose District the same is situated, shall, from Time to Time, give Information thereof, as soon as conveniently may be, to the said Mayor of the City of London, or to two or more Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the same shall be; and the said Mayor or Justices shall proceed thereupon to hear the Matter, and if any Breach of the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained is found to have been committed, the said Mayor or Justices shall proceed to cause such irregular Building or Wall to be demolished or amended in Manner herein-before directed.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Workmen, or Servants t any Master Workman, or other Person or Persons causing any such Building or Wall to be erected within the Limits of this Act, shall wilfully, carelessly, or negligently, and without the Direction, Privity, or Consent of such Master Workman, Or Person causing such Building or Wall to be erected, do any Thing in or about such Building or Wall contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Workman or Servant so offending, upon Conviction thereof before the Mayor of London, or other Justice of the Peace for the said City of London, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or County of Surrey, or the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London (as the Case shall be), upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Mayor and every such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer), or upon his own Confession, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Shillings one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, wherein the Offence was committed, for the Use of the Poor only, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer; and if any such Forfeiture of fifty Shillings be nor paid upon and immediately after such Conviction, then the Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor or other Justice, be committed to the House of Correction, there lo remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless the said Penalty be sooner paid.

LXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That every Master Workman, or other Person, who shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, build, or cause to be built, any House or other Build— to be surveyed /Jng^ or any Addition to any House or other Building, or any Party-wall or other Wall, or who shall be aftlr covied in! employed to cut into any Party-wall within the Limits of this Act, shall, within fourteen Days after such House or other Building is covered in, or such Party-wall or other Wall is finished, or the Cutting into any Party-wall is made good, cause the same to be surveyed by the Surveyor or Supervisor within whole District the same is situated; and in case the said Surveyor shall refuse, neglect, or shall, by Illness or otherwise, be prevented surveying such Building, Wall, or other Work, then the same shall be surveyed by any other Surveyor or Supervisor appointed and sworn within the City, County, or Liberty, wherein the said Building) Wall, or other Work is situated; and if such Surveyor or Supervisor shall, upon such Survey, find

Surveyor to give Information of irregular Buildings.

50l. Penalty on Workmen offending.

Houses or Walls hereafter built after covered in, and Oath made of their Conformity to this Act.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78. 173

that the same is, to the best of his Judgment and Belief, built, or made good, agreeably to the several Directions in this Act contained, then such Surveyor or Supervisor shall, within fourteen Days after surveying the same, make Oath thereof, by Affidavit in Writing, before the Mayor of the City of London, or

some Justice of the Peace for the fai<J City, or for the County of Middlesex, the County of Surrey, the City

and Liberty of Westminster, or the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London respectively, within whole

Jurisdiction the said Building or Wall is situated; which Oath such Mayor or Justice is hereby impowered

and required to administer: And the said Affidavit shall be filed with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Oath to be fied*

City, or Liberty, in which the said Building or Wall is situated, within ten Days after the making

thereof; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall, for his Trouble therein, be intit led to and receive the Sum of one Shilling, and no more; and if any Master Workman, or other Person causing such Building or BuiUer nrglc^.

Wall to be erected, or such Party-wall to be cut into as aforesaid, make Default in the Premises, by neg- ing to cause such

le£ttng to cause such Survey to be made, or such Affidavit to be made and filed, he shall, for every such

Neglect, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and if such Affidavit be not made and filed within the Space of one q^}) t°0'

Month next after the Recovery of such Penalty, such Mafier Workman, or other Person as aforesaid, shall within one

forfeit the further Sum of ten Pounds, and so toties quoties for every Month, until such Affidavit shall be Month after

made and filed; and each of the said Penalties shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalty Convitfion, on

herein after mentioned, and by this Act inflicted on Persons distilling or boiling larger Quantities of Tur- 10?*"

pentine together than are hereby allowed in Places not hereby allowed. cra yo ,c

LXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Supervisor, appointed Surveyor on and sworn in Manner herein-before directed, shall, at any Time, wilfully neglect his Duty, or behave Jk."lVjvinr 'r> himself negligently or unfaithfully in the Discharge thereof, and the same being, upon Complaint thereof, made appear to the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, or to the Court of Sessions by whom pabie of being* he was appointed; such Surveyor or Supervisor shall, by the said Mayor and Aldermen, or by the said again appointed# Court of Sessions (as the Case may be), be forthwith discharged from his said Office, and shall for ever afterwards be incapable of being again appointed a Surveyor or Supervisor for the Purposes aforesaid.

LXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend King's Palaces*, to any of his Majesty's Royal Palaces, or to any House or Building being in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or employed for his Majesty's Use or Service; or to her Majesty's Palace, or to any House or Building in the Possession of her Majesty, or employed for her Use or Service.

LXX. And whereas Houses and Buildings within the Limits aforesaid are often, either from litigated When *ny Titles thereto, or the Obstinacy, Neglectt, or Poverty, of the Owners thereof, or of the Parties interested Building is pra- therein, in so ruinous a Condition, that Passengers thereby are in Danger of their Lives or Limbs from ente al rum~

held by the Sheriff in his Turn for any Hundred or Place, or determined by any ^ther |ury or Inquest sworn within any other Part of the Limits aforesaid, that any House or Building within the lame Limits, or any Part

and every such Churchwarden and

Presentment being matfe^na sTliopy thereof being lai

HouYe or Building is situated (not being in the City of London, or the Liberties thereof), and the said Court,

~ Overseer of the Poor, is and are hereby required, on Notice of any such o, 7T I before them or him respectively, to cause, withalP

convenient Speed, a proper and sufficient Hoard to be put up for the Safety of all Passengers passing thereby* and tacaufc Notice in writing so be given to The Owner or Uwners, or flrhef Pylori of Per 10ns interested therein, if he, she, or they, can be found; and if not, to cause such Notice in Writing to be affixed to or upon the Doqr^ or other notorious Part of such House or Building so presented to be in such ruinous Condition, to repair the same, or to pull down such Building, as the Case mav require, within fourteen Days then next eniuing: And if such Owner or Owners, or other Ferlon or Persons interested in any such If Oameri neg-House or BuiKTing, do not begin tOTcpair or take down the same, within the said fourteen Days after such left to ?ke Notice so given or affixed as aforesaid, and complete such Repairs, or take down the same as soon as the Ho'uJc/afi Nature of the Case will admit; then, Oath being made before the Taid Mayor, or a [iiffice of the Peace ti, The Mayo* for the said. City of London, or County of Middlesex or Surrey, or City and Liberty cl \l}cjhninster, or and'Aldermen, Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, as the Case may be (which Oath every of them the said Mayor or Overseers ot and Justices is hereby impowered and required to administer), of such Notice having b:en so given, or the affixed as aforesaid, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by and out of the Cacti in the Chamber of ^beta ken down, London, and also every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, by and out of the Monies in his oriecured. Hands, are hereby federally authorised and rcci

House or Building, so pVefented to be in_a ruinou fan

House c Paid Ch md Tec

Court, or the to be taken down

shred, wiTTi all convenient Speed, to order and cause such is Condition, or so much thereof as the said Cc Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, find necessary for the Safety of Passengers. to be t and (eicured, in "such Manner as shall, from Time to Time, be requisite; amTto 7cif and dispose of such of and miy fell the the Materials as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Materials, Poor, shall judge necessary and expedient; and out of the Monies arising by the Sale thereof to reimburse, and ktlsfy them* repay* and satisfy, to themselves, and every Perron b^tTiem~respectively employed for the Purposes afore- fdve» out of the said, all the Charges of putting up every such Hoard, and of taking down and securing all or any Part of Monies truing every such House or Building, so taken down or secured as aforesaid, and of felling the said Materials as such Snis* aforesaid, or so much thereof as the Monies arising by such Sale will extend to pay; and shall account for and pay the Surplus of the Monies arising by such Sale (if any be) to the Owner, of every such House or Building, upon personal Demand thereof made by such Owner; and if no such Demand be made of any such Overseer or Overseers before another or other Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish,

174 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

ners any Time within 6 Years, on Demand:

but if Sale of old Materials be insufficient. Ow tiers or Occupiers to make good the Deficiency.

Landlords to allow Deficiencies paid by the Tenants.

Precinct, or Place, be appointed, then such Overplus shall be added to the Monies raised and collected by virtue of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, and accounted for as such.

Overplus arising

LXXI. Provided nevertheless, That any such Owner % his or her Executors or Administrators, shall and be ah*d Sao to may» at any Time or Times within the Term of_six Years then afterwards, be intitLd to have and receive such Overplus from the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of such Parish, Precinct, or Place, within ten Days after Demand thereof personally made by such Owner, his or her Executors or Administrators; and every such Churchwarden or Overseer is hereby required to pay the, fame accordingly out of any Monies raised, or to be raised, by any Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and shall be allowed the Payment thereof in any Account to oe by hsm madeT with the Vestry, Inhabitants, and Parishioners of the said Parish, Precinct, or Place, or the future Overseer or Overseers thereof: And if it happens that the Monies arising by such Sale shall fall short. andare deficient to repay and satisfy"all such Charges, then such Deficiency mall, from Time to Time, he paid by the Owner or Owners of every such House or Building, if known, and to be met with; and if such Owner or Owners, on Demand thereof, neglect or refuse; to pay the same, then such Deficiency may be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the said City of London for the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace for the same City, or under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middle-!exy or County of Surrey, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London Vs the Case shall be), by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, if any such can be found: And if no such Owner or Owners can be met with, or, being met with, shall not on Demand pay the said Deficiency, and no sufficient Distress of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels can be mer with wherefrom such Deficiency of such Costs and Charges may be levied and recovered; then the Person or Persons who shall at any Time then after occupy any such House or Building, or the Ground where the lame Hood, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay TnJHeduSTthe fame out of the Rent thereof; and if he, she, or they, neglect or refuse to pay such Deficiency of Charges, then the same shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace for the same City, or under the Hands and Seals of two or more such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises, together with the Costs of every such Distress and Sale; and the Owner or Owners of the Premises is and are hereby required to allow to every such Occupier or Occupiers all such Deficiencies and Charges which he, she, or they, shall so pay, or which shall be recovered or levied by Distress and Sale from him, her, or them, as aforesaid out of any Rent which shall become due for the said Premises, or any Part thereof; and every Occupier paying any such Deficiency and Charges shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as he, she, or they, so pay, in the same Manner as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rents were due, and should have been paid; and all Money received or recovered on the Account aforesaid, for or in respect of any such House or Building within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City, and be by him, from Time to Time, placed to the Credit of the Cacti of the said City of London; and all Money on the Account aforesaid from Time to Time received or recovered, for or in respect of any such House or Building in any Part of the Limits aforesaid, other than the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, shall be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, where such House or Building so presented is situated, and shall be placed to the Account of the said Parish, in Aid of such or a like Kate or Fund, out of which the Expences and Charges fp received or recovered were originally disbursed.

LXXII. And whereas the distilling Turpentine, and the drawing off the Oil of Turpentine and Rosin by distilling Turpentine, and the boiling the said Oil and Turpentine together for making Varnish, within the Limits aforesaid, may prove of dangerous Consequence to the Neighbourhood where every such Practice is used :* For preventing thereof For the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to distjl or boil any Turpentine, or to draw any Oil of Turpentine and Rosin by distilling Turpentine, or to boil any Oil and Turpentine together, above the Quantity of ten Gallons at one Time, of all or any of the said Commodities, within the Limits aforesaid, in any Workhouse or Place contiguous to any other Building, or in any Place nearer to any other Building than the Distance of fifty Feet, at the least, upon Pain that every Person offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; every of which Forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherem-no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, wherein the Offence ww-committed, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

LXXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to pi event Shipwrights, Barge-builders, Boat-builders, or Mast-makers, or other Persons employed in building or repairing Ships, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, near the River Thames^ from boiling or mixing Oil and other Materials for the Purpose of paying Ships, Barges, Boats, or Mads.

LXXIV. And whereas the having a sufficient Number of Fire Engines kept in known publick Places,

and at convenient Distances from each other, and ready to be brought forth as Occasion may require 5 4 and the supplying such Engines with Plenty of Water; and the giving Encouragement to Engineers and others to bring forth, use, and work such Engines, may tend greatly to lessen the Mischiefs happening by Fire; and the having proper Ladders kept in known publick Places, ready to be brought forth, may facilitate the Escape of the Inhabitants from Houses on Fire;' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, k shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens

Not more thab 10 Gallons of Turpentine may be diminished at once in Houses contiguous to others.

[Penalty.]

Shipwrights,' See. excepted.

Fire Engines and Ladders to be kept in known Places,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78. 175

and Firecocks to be fixed on the Mains.

wardens of every Parish, and to and for the Over-seers of the Poor of every Precinct and Place, not having any Churchwarden., within the Limits aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, for ever, to make, place, and fix, at the Charge of such respective Parish, Precinct, or Place, upon the Mains and Pipes belonging to any Waterwork whatsoever within the Limits aforesaid, such and so many Stopblocks of Wood, with a Wood Plug, or such and so many Firecocks, to go into each Main or Pipe, and to be placed at such Distances in each and every Streef or Place, as such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively for the Time being shall direct; and that the Top of every such Stop-block or Firecock shall be even with the Pavement of each Street or Place, to the Intent such Plugs or Firo-cocks may, upon Occasion of any Fire, be opened to let out the Water without Loss of Time in digging down to the Pipes; and that all and every such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively mall have Power, and are hereby required, from Time to Time, to fix any Mark or Writing on the Front of Marks near the any House or Houses over against or nearest to thfe Place where such Stopblocks, Plugs, or Firecocks, PJ,ce wher.c respectively lie, or are placed, for the better making known where all and every such Stopblocks, Plugs, Firecockl He: or Firecocks lie; and shall also keep an Instrument or Key in every such House where every such Mark instrument or shall be, to open the Stop block. Plug, or Firecock; and mall keep in such House a Pipe for the Water to K*y be kept come thereout, to be made use of as Occasion may require; and all such Stopblocks and Firecocks shall be there* kept in Repair at the Charge of each Parish, Precinct, or Place, where the same are placed; and such Plugs shall be kept in Repair by the Owners of the Mains and Tpipes where the same are fixed; and whenever the Owners of any Waterworks shall afterwards remove, change, or alter the said Mains or Pipes, then, and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of every such Main or Pipe shall, at his or their own proper Costs and Charges, place and fix the same, or the like Stopblocks, Plugs, and Firecocks, upon every such new Main or Pipe, to be placed where the Churchwardens of the Parish, or Overseers of the Precinct or Place, not having a Churchwarden, for the Time being, shall direct; and in every such Case the Instrument or Key, and Pipe, shall be removed to the House opposite or nearest to the Place to which such Stopblock, Plug, and Firecock is removed; and every such Churchwarden of, Overseer respectively shall cause a like Mark or Writing to be fixed against every such House.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Parish within the Limits Engine* and aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, have, ladders and keep in good Order and Repair, and in some known and publick Place within each PatiQi, a large £cp*

Engine, and also an Hand Engine, to throw up Water for the extiftgui filing of Fires; and also shall pro- ar‘ ' vide, keep, and maintain, one Leather Pipe at least, with a Socket of the same Size as the Plug or Fire-. cock, and a Stand-cock or Su£tion-pipe, to the Intent the Socket may be put into the Pipe, to convey the Water without Loss, and without the Help of Buckets^ into the Engine; and shall also have and keep, in, some known and publick Place within each Parish, three or more propef Ladders, of one, two, and three Story high, for assisting Persons in Houses on Fire to escape therefrom; andjn Default of making, placing, 10l. Penalty on fixing, and continuing, such Stopblocks or Firecocks on the several Mains and Pipes, and also in Default Churchwarden* of having and keeping in good Repair such large Engine, Hand Engine, and Leather Pipe or Pipes, Socket for and Stand-cock, and Su£tion-pipe, and such Ladders as aforesaid, every Churchwarden of such Parish, and every Overseer of any such rrecinft or Place not having a Churchwarden, making Default in all or any of the Premises, and being convicted thereof before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said ^ity of Londonyor for the County of Middlesex or Surrey, or Liberty where the same may happen (as the Casernay be), malTforieit and pay t he ~5 unr~o f tern Pound s^One^ioiety thereoFto the In for me r7 and the other Moiety thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors who shall ~be then appointed, pursuant to this present Act of Parliament, for the District within which such Parish, Precinct, or Place, where such Default shall be made, doth lie; to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such and may be )e-Churchwardens and Overseers respectively, so convicted of such Default as aforesaid. Wed by Distref*.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thajt the Turncock belonging to the pres to the Waterwork, whose Water shall be found on, or shall first come into the Main or Pipe where any Plug Turncock wh^fe shall be opened, at any Fire within the Limits aforesaid, shall be paid any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings Water first by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such respective Parish, Precinct, or Place, where such c°mes ,n'?

Shillings: the Keeper of the second Parish Engine, or other large Engine, which shall be next brought in to the Second such Order, and so complete, to help to extinguish any such Fire, shall be paid any Sum not exceeding Engine keeper; twenty Shillings-: and the Keeper of any Parish Engine, or other large Engine, which shall be the third of and tothcThird such Engines, brought in such Order, and so complete, to any such Fire, shall be paid any Sum not ex- Engine-keeper ceeding fen Shillings: every such Payment to be made by the Churchwardens of each Parish, or by the Overseers of the Poor of every such rrecinest or Place not having any Churchwarden (as the Case may be), where any such Fire shall happen; and in Default of Payment thereof, such Reward shall be levied and recovered from the said Churchwardens and Overseers respectively, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Churchwarden and Overseer, in the same or like Manner as the Penalty or Forfeiture of ten Pounds is herein-before directed to be levied and recovered.

LXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such But no Reward Reward shall be paid to any Turncock or Engine-keeper, by the Churchwarden of any Parish, or Overseer to be paid with-of the Poor of any Precinct or Place aforesaid, where any Fire may happen, without the Approbation and out the Appro-Direction of the Alderman of the Ward wherein such Parish, Precinct, or Place, is situate, or his Deputy, b^"0°f*n A1* or of two of the Common Councilmen of the same Ward for the Time being, if such Fire happens within c^n'I0, c# the City of London, or the Liberties thereof; or without the Approbation and Consent of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Middlesex, or County of Surrey, or Liberty

176 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Where any Rewards for Chimnies on Fire have been paid by the Church-wardens,

where the same may happen (as the Case may be), residing within such Parifly Precinct, or Place, where such Fire happens; and if there be not any Justice or Justices of the Ptface residing in such Parish, Precinct, or Place, then of such Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in the Parish or Place near or next adjoining, if such Fire happens any where within the Limits of this Act, out of the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof.

LXXVIII. And whereas many of the Parishes within the Limits of this Act have been frequently put to considerable Expences, occasioned by the Neglect of the Inhabitants, as well Lodgers and Inmates aa Housekeepers, in not causing their Chimnies to be duly swept, by Means whereof Alarms of Fire are frequently made, to the great Terror and Danger of his Majesty's Subjects, which probably would be prevented, if such Inhabitants were obliged to defray and bear the Charges and Exoences attending such their NeglectsTor lomeTealonable Part thereof / be k therefore enac from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, in all

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That Cases where any Reward or Rewards, or other

Recompence, by this Act made payable, shall be borne and paid by any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, for or on account of any Fire being in a Chimney only^ or nrlt beginning in and occasioned by the taking Tire of any Chimney omv. the Inhabitant or Inhabitants. Occupier or Occupiers, of any Room or A u:h any such Chimney belongs, being a Lodger or Inmate to or With any Tenant, Renter,

they are to be reimbursed by Occupiers, as the Mayor, &c. ihatt direct.

tices enabled the to execute their Duty.

Apartment to which,

or Holder of any House or Building, of which such Room or Apartment is Part, or, if such Chimney belong not to any such Lodger or Inmate, then the Tenant, Renter, or Occupier^of the House or Building wherein any such Fire as last mentioned first begins, shall reimburse and repay to the Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor all and every such Reward and Rewards, or other P£VftlflT\ts, bv"him or them made, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, o_r such Bart tn

_. 1 as the Mayor, or other Justice of the Peace, of the said City of London^ or Justice of thTPeace for the Liberty of his Majesty's Tovjer of London^ or Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or County of Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster (as the Case may be), upon the Application and Complaint or such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, and hearing the Parfy or Parties complained against, shall, under his Hand and SeaL award and direct: Am* to the End the said Mayor, or other Justice aforesaid, may be the better enabled to award and direct what may in any such Case be just and reasonable, the said Mayor for the Time being, and every such

Justice, shall and may summon before him, after any such Complaint made, the Party and Parties complained against, and all Persons fit to give Evidence' touching the Premises, of whom he shall have Notice or Information, and shalfand may examine them, and every of them, upon Oath (which Oath the said Mayor, and every such Justice, is hereby impowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward) 5 and if the Party or Parties complained against, being summoned, do not appear, the said Mayor, and every such Justice of the Peace, shall and may proceed to examine the Matter of the Complaint, and such Evidence as is produced, and to make such Award and Direction thereupon as shall be just, and as if the Party or Parties making such Default of Appearance had been present, and heard, in his, her, or their Defence; and if any Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded and directed to be reimbursed or repaid to any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, be not so reimbursed or repaid within fourteen Days after Demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, or other Justice (which Warrant the said Mayor, and every such Justice, is hereby author ifed to make), to levy every such Reward and Rewards, or other Recompence, so paid, or such Part thereof as shall have been so awarded and directed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties making Default of Payment, or of any Goods Or Chattels found in the Room or Apartment to which such Chimney where such Fire bepan belong or in any other Part of any House or Building whereof such Room or Apartment is Part.

LXXIX. And, forasmuch as several of the Parishes within the City of London were, after the great Fire which happened in the Year of our Lord Christ one thousand six hundred and sixty-six, united together,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any two or more of the said Parishes so united, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed one Parish only.

LXXX. Provided nevertheless, and it is further enacted, That in case the Vestries of any of the said united Parishes, or of any other Parish within the Limits aforesaid, at any Time conceive it necessary for the said Parish, in respect of the Largeness thereof, to have more than one great Engine, or Hand Engine, it shall and may be lawful for them to provide two or more great Engines or Hand Engines, at the Parish Charge; and that the same Engines, and every of them, shall be under the like Regulations and Encouragements as the other Engine or Engines directed to be provided by this Act are under.

LXXXI. And, in order to raise Money to defray the necessary Charges of providing and maintaining such Engine, Stopblocks and Firecocks, and Keys, and other Implements and Materials, and such Ladders as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Rewards or Gratuities directed by this Act,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Limits of this Act, or the major Part of them, with the Consent of the Majority of such Inhabitants as shall be, at any Vestry, or other publick Meeting of such Parish, Precinct, or Place, duly assembled, shall and may, from Time to Time (as often as there may be Occasion), out of the Monies raised or received, or to be raised or received, by any Rate or Rates made, or to be made, for Relief of the Poor of every such Parish, Precinct, or Place respectively, or by any especial Rate or Rates to be made for the Purposes of this Act, pay, apply, and dispose of, such competent Sum and Sums of Money as may be requisite for the Ends aforesaid, in like Manner as by Law they may do for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of their respective Parishes, Precincts, or Places; and every such especial Rate or Rates which shall be made, as aforesaid, the same being allowed and confirmed in the like Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor are, or ought to be, allowed or confirmed, shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor now' may, or ought to be, levied and recovered, subject to the like Appeal as in Cases of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor; and the said

Tfnited Pari Acs to be deemed one.

Large Parishes

may have more than one large Engine, &c.

Fire Engines, -&cf to be paid for out of the Poor's Rates.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78. 177

Officers shall be accountable for the same, in like Manner as they are accountable for the Money by them collected for the Relief of the Poor, and shall be liable to the like Pains and Commitments for not accounting for the same, and to the like Distress and Penalties for not paying the Monies by them collected, levied, t>r received, and remaining in their Hands, as Overseers of the Poor are, by all or any of the Laws of this land, liable to, for not accounting for, or not paying, Monies collected by virtue of any Rates for Relief of the Poor.

[Watermen retained by Insurance Officers not to be impressed.]

LXXXII. And whereas the several Offices for insuring Houses Against Loss by Fire retain in their several Services, and give Coats and Badges, and other Rewards, unto Watermen, for their Service and Assistance in and towards extinguishing of Fire, and who are to be always ready when wanted, and are ^ImpressiSr 4 provided with various Sorts of roles, Hooks, Hatchets, and several other Instruments and Things, at p

the Charge of the said respective Insurance Offices for the extinguishing of Fire; which Watermen so *4 retained are, by Experience, found to venture much farther, and to have Skill to give, and do give, at Fires happening within the Limits aforesaid greater Help than other Persons not used to come into Danger j* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Watermen for the Time being so retained by, and belonging to, every such Insurance Office, within the Limits aforesaid, not exceeding -thirty for each Office, shall be free from being impiefled, or liable to be compelled, to go to Sea, or serve as Mariners, or as Soldiers on Land, their Names and Places of Abode being registered and entered with 'the Secretary, or other Officer of the Admiralty Office.

LXXXIII. And, in order to deter and hinder ill-minded Persons from wilfully setting their House or Money infurr*

Houses, or other Buildings, on Fire, with a View of gaining to themselves the Insurance Money, whereby on Houses burnt ^the Lives and Fortunes of many Families may be loft or endangered be it further enacted by the Autho- h^to bc ap* »rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Governors or Directors of the several Insurance Offices for insuring Houses or other Buildings against Loss by Fire, and they are hereby autho-Tifed and required, upon the Request of any Person or Persons irtterested in or intitled unto any House or Houses, or other Buildings which may hereafter be burnt down, demolished, or damaged by Fire, or upon any Grounds of Sufpicron that the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons who shall have insured such House or Houses, or other Buildings, have been guilty of Fraud, or of wilfully setting their House or Houses, er other Buildings, on Fire, to cause the Insurance Money to be laid out and expended, as for as the same will go, towards rebuilding, reinstating, or repairing, such House or Houses, or other Buildings, so burnt down, demolished, or damaged by Fire; unless the Party or Parties claiming such Insurance Money shall, within sixty Days next after his, her, or their Claim is adjusted, give a sufficient Security to the Governors or Directors of the Insurance Office where such House or Houses, or other Buildings, are insured, that the same Insurance Money shall be laid out and expended as aforesaid; or unless the said Insurance Money shall be, in that Time, settled and disposed of to and amongst all the contending Parties, to the Satisfaction and Approbation of such Governors or Directors of such Insurance Office respectively

LXXXIV. And whereas Fires often happen by the Negligence and Carelessness of Servants,* be it Swrwiti by ‘therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any menial. Or other Servant or Servants, through Cmi«afoefc Negligence or Carelessness, shall fire, or cause to be fired, any Dwelling-house, or Out-house or Houses, or other Buildings, whether within the Limits aforesaid or elsewhere, within the Kingdom of Great Bri~ or be iinpriW* tain, such Servant or Servants, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Wit- td if Month* ness or Witnesses, made before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds unto the Churchwardens or Overseers of such Parifi) where such Fire shall happen 5 to be distributed amongst the Sufferers by such Fire, irf such Proportions, as to the said Churchwardens shall seem just: And in case of Default or Refusal to pay the same immediately after such Con-vision, the same being lawfully demanded by the said Churchwardens 5 that then, and in such Case, such Servant or Servants shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, be committed to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, as the said Justices think fit, for the Space of eighteen Months, there to be kept to hard Labour.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the breaking out of any Confhble*Mi Fire within the Limits aforesaid, all Constables and Beadles, upon Notice thereof, shall immediately repair Beadles on No* to the Place where the said Fire shall happen, with their Staves, and other Badges of their Authority; and shall be aiding and assisting, as well in extinguishing the said Fires, and causing People to work at the 1 *loa Engines, as also in preventing Goods being stolen; and shall seize and apprehend all ill-disposed Persons that they shall find Healing or pilfering from the Inhabitants; as also that the said Constables and Beadles shall give their utmost Amftance to hblp the Inhabitants to remove their Goods.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action, Suit, or Process Ko Aaion to whatever, shall be had, maintained, or prosecuted, against any Person in whose House, Chamber, Stable, lie against a Peii. Barn, or other Building, or on whose Estate any Fire shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, so.n where the accidentally begin, nor shall any Recompence be made by such Person for any Damage fuftered thereby j accidentally any Law, (Jfage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And in such Case, if any Action be brought, the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial thereupon to be had; and in case the Plaintiff become nonsuited, or discontinue his Action or Suit, or if a Verdi# pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs j provided that no Contract or Agreement made between Landlord and Tenant shall be hereby defeated, or made void.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be Distreftnot unmade For any Sum or Sums of Money to be recovered by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be lawful for want deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on of forn3l. account of any Defe#of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto j nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers at initio, on account of any Irregularity afterwards done by the Party or Parties

178 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Plaintiff not to recover if Tender of sufficient Amends be made. &c.

Pref*»uior§ on

ia tJco. in.

c. 73 d'U barged, on ametd-i-ip Buildings in frui.ii Manner as shall be dueled determined by two of the Survcjftrii

making such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage only, by Action on the Case, and not by any other Action whatever.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, for any such Irregularity, or other Proceedings, if Tender of fuss-

*AL?L*tei9at cie.ni Amends be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceeding before such Action be brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by the Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions when the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXIX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign* various Penalties are infl sted upon Persons who should offend against the said Act: And whereas, since the passing the said Act, there has been a great Increase of Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, and many of such Buildings.are not in every Relpedi built according to the Directions of the said Act, whereby various Penalties have been incurred, and several Persons are or may be under Prosecution for the same: And whereas the Owners of such Buildings, and the several Builders, or Workmen employed therein, are respectively willing to make the same as secure against Fire, and as conformable to the Directions contained in this Act, as the Nature of each Case will admit \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, now depending, or that shall hereafter depend, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against any such Owner, Builder, or Workman, or Person or Persons causing any such Building to be erected or built, or any other Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty incurred, or supposed to be incurred, by the said Act, it shall be lawful for the Court where the same is or may be depending, and such Court is hereby required and impowered, on the Application of the respective Defendants, to make a Rule for the Plaintiff in any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, to deliver to such Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Attorney in the Cause, an Account, in Writing, under the Hands of the Plaintiff, or his Attorney, of the particular Defect or Irregularity in every such Building, whereby each Penalty is incurred, or supposed to be incurred, and to make an Order for (laying the Proceedings in such Action, Suit, or Information, until such Account in Writing shall be delivered; and after such Account shall have been delivered as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Defendant or Defendants, either to defend such Action or Actions, as if this Act had not been made, or otherwise, in case he or they shall not chuse to defend the same, to enter into a Rule of the same Court for making good or reforming such Irregularities and Defects (if any), and for rendering such Building as secure against Fire, and as conformable to the Directions of this Act, in such Manner, and within such Time, as two or more of the Surveyors, hereinbefore directed to be appointed in the County, City, or Liberty, wherein the same is situate, shall, by any Writing, under their Hands, direct and appoint: And upon such Rule being entered into determined by such Defendant or Defendants, and on Payment to the Plaintiff of the Costs in such Action, Suit, or Information, to be taxed by the proper Officer of such Court, the said Court shall order all further Proceedings to be stayed in such Action, Suit, or Information, until the Time appointed by the said Surveyors for the Purposes aforesaid shall be expired 5 and after the Expiration thereof, such Court is hereby required and impowered, on Application or Motion by or on the Behalf of such Owner, Builder, or Workman, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, and on Proof by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of such Court, that the Defects and Irregularities complained of are made good or reformed, and the Building of such House or Houses rendered as secure against Fire, and as conformable to the Directions of this Act, in such Manner, and within such Time, as such two or more of the said Surveyor or Supervisors shall have appointed, by such Writing as aforesaid, to order Proceedings to be peremptorily stayed in such Action, Suit*, or Information: And the Defendant or Defendants shall, from thenceforth, be for ever indemnified and discharged of,/rom, and against all Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of not having originally built such Party-walls or Buildings, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, or for or by reason of any other Defect or Irregularity, whereby such Houses or Party-walls are otherwise built than pursuant to such Directions; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XC. Provided, That if no such Application shall be made to Court before the End of the next Tcrtm after the Expiration of such Time as shall be appointed by the said Surveyors as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid; or if, upon such Application as aforesaid, such Proof shall not be made determined by the Defendant or Defendants to the Satisfaction of the said Court as aforesaid, then the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be at Liberty to proceed in such Suit as if this Act had not been made.

XCI. And it is further declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court or Courts, where any such Rule as aforesaid shall be entered into pursuant to the Directions in this contained, shall, and are hereby required to proceed against the Party or Parties who shall have entered into any such Rule, and have refused or neglected to perform the same, as for a Contempt of the said Court; and shall, on Motion, issue the like Process of Attachment or otherwise, as is usually issued against any Suitor or Suitors of such Court for Contempt of a Rule of Court.

XCII. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given before the passing of this Act, in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, grounded on the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Recovery of any Penalty inflicted by the said Act.

XCIII. And whereas, since the paffng the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, many Houses and other Buildings have been erected within the Limits aforesaid, not conformable

Rule being entered into by Defendant, all Pin<erJii g« to be flawed, &c.

Defendant in* dcrrnifjed from all Forfeiture*, &c.

JHovr the Court shall proceed where any Rule shall be entered into, &c.

Not to extend to indemnify Perform ag-mist whom Juegr-ment O.jII be f.vep, Ac Irregular Build-iiifctcre&td since

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. 179

to the Regulations of the said Act, but no Prosecutions have been, and probably may not be, commenced 1* Gex m. to

I- /‘roue

windows and Projections have been made contrary to the said Act, though no Prosecutions have been nor fcc ii er<-d, may probably be commenced for any Penalties thereby incurred: And whucas such Wooden Buddings m> p o«

as have been so erected on the Tops or other Parts of the said Houses, and such Bow-windows or Projec- £noni hl15 tions ought to be taken down and removed, or some Alterations or Amendments ought to be madethetem ce Cori*CiCil"‘ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any three or more Surveyors or Supervisors, to be appointed and sworn in Manner herein-before directed, shall certify, in Writing under their Hands, to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or to the Court of Quarter Sciliohs within whole Jurisdiction any such House or Building is situated, that any House or Building has been erected (met- the puffing the said Act, within the Limits aforesaid, not conformable to the said Act, or that any Lch Wooden building has been erected on the Tops or other Parts of Houses, or that any Bow-windows or Projcftioin have been made contrary to the said Act, for which no Prosecutions have been commenced, so as to bring r

them within the Provision herein-before made respecting the same, and shall certify in what Manner the same may be reformed, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Court of Quarter Court to make Sessions respectively, within whose Jurisdiction the said House or Building, or Bow-window or Projection, an O der for is situated, if they think fit, to make an Order for amending or reforming such House or Building accord- re, orndi g irre-ingly, and for making the same more secure against Fire, or more nearly conformable to the Regulations of Plc?eC* this Act; and for taking down and removing, or for altering or amending, such Wooden Buildings, and loni* such Bow-windows or Projections, as aforesaid, by the Matter Builder, Matter Bricklayer* or i\latter Workman, or Person who caused the same to be erected, who shall be expressly named in such Order:

And every such Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Court of Scttions, shall be, by the Order to be file* Town Clerk of the City of London, or by the Clerk of the Peace (as the Case may be), entered and filed as of Record, in the said Court where such Order was made; for the Entry and Filing whereof, and for every Copy thereof, the said Town Clerk, or Clerk of the Peace, shall be paid by the Person applying for the same the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, if the same do not exceed one hundred Words, and if the same exceed one hundred Words, then after the Rate and Proportion of one Shilling for every one hundred Words; and a Copy of the said Order shall be delivered to the said Person or Persons in the said Order namedj or shall be left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the House or Building, in the same Order mentioned, or shall be affixed upon the Door, or other notorious Part, of the said House or Building; and within the Space of nine Months next after the Copy of such Order shall have been so delivered, or left or affixed as aforesaid, the said Person or Persons therein named shall make good all the Defects and Irregularities in such Order specified, and either take down and entirely mne remove such wooden Building or Buildings, or Bow-window or Projection, or otherwise alter, reform, om or amend the same, in such Manner as shall be directed by such Order; and in case the said Order shall not, in all Respects, be fully performed and executed within the Space of nine Months next after the Copy thereof shall have been so delivered, or left, or affixed as aforesaid; then the Person or Persons therein named, being the Matter Builder, Matter Bricklayer, or Matter Workman, or other Person or Persons who caused such House or Building, or Bow-window or Projection, to be erected, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties herein-before inflicted for drilling a larger Quantity of Turpentine together than is by this Act allowed, in Places not allowed by this Act, are herein-before directed to be recovered and applied; and so toties quoties for every nine Months that such Defects and Irregularities shall continue, and such House or other Building, or Bow-window or Projection, shall remain built, otherwise than conformable to the Directions in such Order contained.

XCIV. And whereas several Informations may have been commenced before the said Mayor of London,

and Justices of the Peace, for recovering Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the said Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and the same, or some of them may be ft ill depending before the said Mayor and Justices out of Session, and other such Informations may be depending before the Juf- tices in the said respective Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by Appeal or otherwise ;' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Defendants, in all and every such Informations, shall he, and are, by the Authority of this Act, discharged, acquitted, and indemnified, from and against all such Informations; and the said Mayor and Justices shall acquit and discharge them of and from the same accordingly.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order which shall he made by the No OrdfroMie Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of or M*>or or JuS under this Act, or any other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders i^ccedin^'V# against this Act, shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, brAmoved bj inro any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster. Certiorari.

XCVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons think him, my be her, or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction, Commitment, Distress, Order, or Judgment, of the maJetothe Jnf-

IrrrgL'larity to be rearmed

00 pain of 50!, Penalty,

Prefer itlom Je-. pending bttorc Ju'hfCk of the Peace, urged.

Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Liberties of his Majesty's Tower of London (as the Case may be), which shall be holden next a Ler such Conviction, Commitment* Dirtrefs, Order, or Judgment; who shall proceed to hear and examine on Uath into the causes and Matters of such Appeal (which Oath or Oaths they are hereby impowered to administer) *, and shall determine the same, and award such Costs to the P^xty or Parties appealing or appealed againstf as they shall think

180 C. 78. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Parishioners may be Witnesses.

Limitation of Actions for Penalties.

Limitation of Actions against Persons acting under the Act.

General Issue.

Repealing former Acts so far as respeOs Party-walls, regulating of Buildings, preventing Mischiefs by Fire, &c.

79 Cat. a. c. 3.

6 Ann*,c. 31.

7 Annas, c. *7.

21 Geo. 7. c. 18.

33 Geo. ». c. 30.

4 Geo. 3. c. 14.

6 Geo. 3. c. 27.

Ca

proper; and the Order, Judgment, and Determination of the said Justices, In their respective Sertlons, shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so intending to appeal shall, immediately after such Conviction, Commitment, Distress, Order, or Judgment, or wi'm-n two Days afterwards. enter into a Recognizance to the Party or Parties appealed against, before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, with two sufficient Securities, conditioned to try. such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay, to the Party or Parties appealed against, such Costs (if any) as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by the Sessions respectively.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish, Precinct, or Place, where any Offence against this Act shall be committed, shall be allowed to be competent Witnesses, on the Trial or otherwise, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the said Courts of Record, or at or upon the Hearing and Determination of any Information before the Mayor of London, or other Justice of the Peace, for or concerning any Offence or Offences against this present Act; notwithstanding his, her, or their being a Parishioner or Parishioners, Inhabitant or Inhabitants, in such Parish, Precinct, or Place.

XCIX. Provided always, That no Action or Prosecution stall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Forfeiture infiifted or incurred determined by this Act, unless the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred.

C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days after Notice, in Writing, of an Intention to bring such Action or Suit, has been given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, nor after the Expiration of three Calendar Months. next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit, the Cause whereof shall arise within the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the said City of London, and not elsewhere; and every such Action or Suit, the Cause whereof shall arise in any Part of the Limits aforesaid out of the said City of London and Liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General lftue,: nd give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing, for which such Action or Suit is brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing appear to have been so done, or if it appear that such Action or Suit was brought before the Expiration of twenty-one Days after such Notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered before such Action was brought; or if any such Action or Suit be not commenced within the Time herein for that Purpose limited, or be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury, in every such Action or Suit, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Action or Suit, become nonsuited, or discontinue, or suffer a Dif* continuance, of any such Action or Suit; or if, in any such Action or Suit, Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, on Demurrer, or by Default, or otherwise; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Judgment to recover Treble Costs of Suir, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for Costs in; other Cases by Law.

CI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fevemy-four, the said Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party walls within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Placet; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into one Act, and for other Purposes); shall be, and the same is hereby repealed 3 but nevertheless, so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the City of London as relates to the regulating Buildings and Party-walls; and an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for the better preventing Mif chiefs that may happen by Fire); also an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty (intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, made in the sixth Tear of her Majestys Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs that may happen by Fire); also so much of an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the First (intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bill of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned), as relates to regulating Buildings and Party-walls; also so much of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled,' An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of Buildings and rarty-walls, and preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire; also so much of an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of Buildings and Party-walls, and preventing Mischiefs happening by Fire; also so much of an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Partages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. 181

of Building and Party-walls; also so much of another Act made in the said sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign

[6 Geo. 3. c. 27.]

(intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of Buildings and Party-walls, and preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire* shall be, and continue, repealed.

[Publick Act.]

CII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for explaining an Act, made, in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest > without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

WHEREAS large Sums of Money have been and may be lent, by his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain, upon Mortgages, or other Securities, on Estates in the Kingdom of Ireland, and also in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the Wesi Indies; which Loans have been found to contribute greatly to the Improvement of the said Kingdom, Colonies, and Plantations: And whereas it c has frequently been found convenient to execute such Mortgages or Securities, and the Transfers or Assignments thereof, in Great Britain: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether such Loans, and the Mortgages or Securities for the same, and the Transfers or Assignments thereof, when made and executed in Great Britain, are as valid and effectual as when made and executed in the said Kingdom of Ireland Colonies, Plantations, or Dominions; and, by reason of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Inter (ft, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities, whether such Mortgages or Securities are valid and effectual where the Rate of Interest thereby reserved or made payable is more than five Pounds per Centum, though such Interest does not exceed the Rate of Interest allowed and established by the Law of the Kingdom of Ireland, Colony, Plantation, Country, or Place, in which the Estates comprised in such Mortgages or Securities respectively are j and whether his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain have not, or may not, become subject or liable to Penalties or Forfeitures by receiving or taking Interest for the Sums of Money really and horn fide advanced or lent oiv such-Mortgages or Securities, at the Rate of Interest

allowed and established by the Law of the Kingdom, Colony, Plantation, Country, or Place, wherein the mortgaged Estates respectively lie:' For obviating such Doubt?, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Mortgages and Securities which, by any of his Majesty's Subjects, already have befen made and executed in Great Britain, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or other Things, lying and being in the Kingdom of Ireland^ or in any of the said Colonies, Plantations, or Dominions, or any Estate or Interest therein, to any of his Majesty's Subjects, for securing the Repayment of the Sums of Money thereon respectively really and bona fide advanced and lent, with Interest for the same; and all Bonds, Covenants, and Securities, for Payment of the same Sums of Money and Interest respectively, and all Transfers or Assignments which have been made and executed in Great Britain of such Mortgages, Securities, or Bonds, to any of his Majesty's Subjects; shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever, as such Mortgages, Securities, Bonds, Covenants, Transfers* or Assignments, would have been, if the same had been made and executed in the Kingdom, Ifhnd* Plantation, Country, or Placg, where the Lands, Tenemen s, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or other Things, mentioned and comprised in any such Mortgage, Security, Transfer, or Assignment, as aforesaid, severally lie or are; and that none of his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain shall be subject or li ible to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty-'s Reign, by receiving or taking Interest for the Sum or Sums of Money really and bona fide advanced or lent on any such Mortgage, Security, Bond, Covenant, Transfer, or Alignment, as aforesaid, at the Rate of Interest allowed and established by the Law of the Kingdom, Colony, Plantation, Country, or Place, wherein the mortgaged Premises respectively lie or are.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Mortgages and Securities which* by any of his Majesty's Subjects, after the passing of this Act, shall be made and executed in Great Britain, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or other Thing's, lying and being in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of the said Colonies, Plantation*, or Dominions, of any Estate or Interest therein, to any of his Majesty's Subjects, for securing the Repayment of the Sums of Money thereon respectively to be really and bone fide advanced and lent, with Interest for the same; and al! Bonds, Covenants, and Securitas, for Payment of the same Sums of Money, and Interest respectively, and all Transfers or Assignments which, after the passing of this Act, shall be made and executed in Great Britain of such Mortgages, Securities, or Bonds, to any of his Majesty's Subjects, shaft be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as such Mortgages, Securities, Bonds* Covenants, Transfers, or Assignments, would be if the same were made and executed in the Kingdom, Island, Plantation, Country, or Place, where the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or other Things to be mentioned or comprised in any such Mortgage, Security, Transfer, or Alignment, as aforesaid, severally lie-or are; and that none of his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain shall be subject

[Preamble.]

Act 11 Annme,

All Mortgages, &c. executed in Britain, of Lands in Ireland, or the Colonies, or Interest therein, for securing Suma lent,

to be as effectual, as if executed in the Place where the Lands lie;

and no British Subject is liable to the Penalties of Act 11 Anne.

Transfers of such Mortgages executed in Britain concerning Lands in Ireland, in the Colonies, &c, to be valid.

182 C. 80. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, by receiving or taking Interest for the Sum or Sums of Money to be really and bona fide advanced or lent on any such Mortgage, Security, Bond, Covenant, Transfer, or Assignment, as aforesaid, so as the Interest so to be received or taken do not exceed the Rate of six Pounds for one hundred Pounds for a Year; the aforesaid Act of Parliament, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Not to make ill. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not make good, valid, or effeduaf, food fi^h Mort- any such Mortgage, Security, Bond, Covenant, Transfer, or Assignment, where the Lender or Lenders fcn^crius'd- an7 Sum or Sums Money has or have knowingly advanced or lent, or shall knowingly advance vlr.cll more or lend thereon, more Money than the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or other than the Lands Things, in such Mortgages, Securities, Transfers, or AfBgnments, mentioned or comprised, or to be re worth. mentioned or comprised, was, were, or shall be, at the Time or Times of advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, really and bona fide worth, to be sold.

Persons borrow

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, borrowing, ccc j i n c*Va» Sum or Sums or Money under the Authority of thk A cl, upon any such Lands, Tenements, Here-

in which the ditaments. Slaves, Cattle, or other T hings, as aforesaid, exceeding the Value which the same shall ber Linds shall be at the Time of borrowing such Sum or Sums of Money, really and bona fide worth to be sold over and worth, 10 forfeit above all Incumbrances which fli3ll then affect the same, shall forfeit triple the Value of the Sum bor-trfPh tsLmllUC rowec*» the one Half to be Pa^ to the Informer, the other Half to the Treasurer of the Royal Hhospital One Half to Seamen, at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, for the Use of the Informer, the said Hospital. a-ni (he other to Greenwich Hospital.

Mortgages to be V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all such Mortgages, or other Securities granted under the* registered in the Authority of this Act, by which such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments. Slaves, Cattle, or other whe°re^hfunds ^h*nBs* are intended to be charged or affected, shall be registered within the Kingdom, Island, Colony, w.>ere c n s p|antation^ Country, or Place, where the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, or other Things, severally lie, or are within the Time lirftited by the Laws of such Kingdom, Island, Colony* Plantation, Country, or Place, otherwise the same shall be subject to the several Provisions and Penalties contained in the said Act, made in the twelfth Year of her Jate Majesty Queen Anne, in such Manner as the same would have been if this Act had never been parted, unless the Mortgagee, or other Person or Persons, for whose Behoof such Mortgage or other Security shall have been made or granted, shall have bona fide used his or their utmost Endeavour to cause the same to be registered within the Time herein- before limited for that Purposer

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned* for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with d Duty.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned are near expiling ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Act 33 Gea.s. present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an A£1 made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the arriAOt Geo. 3. then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his pre-for encouraging Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, SaiJCotbnf»|0 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Great Britain. Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the further continu- twenty-ninth Day of September, one thofuand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End cd.riii Sepc* 14, of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of foff/curing the c^e Re,8n his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now Dutie* on 1©- payable on foreign-made Sail Cloth, imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all foreign-made Sails reign.mtde Sail with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, cloth, kc. bc furnished with one compleat Set of Sails made of British) San Cloth, which was to continue in Force

from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven c ‘ \ anj* Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by three subse-6 Geo. 3. <quest Acts made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next further conti* &ession of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, united tin June til the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the th E/id of the then next Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 183

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of returning Officers at such Elections, by altering the Time of Notice, ordered by the said Act to be given, in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session, of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in Course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced, and made void, by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown, when such Election is made.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of returning Officers, at such Elections \ Complaints to the Court of Session, for Redress of Wrongs committea by the inrolling, or refusing to inrol, Persons claiming to be inrolled in the Roll of Free-holders, or in the annual Elections of Royal Boroughs, are ordered to be served upon thirty Days Notice: And whereas it is found by Experience, so long Notice is unnecessary, and occasions Delay in the summary Determination of such Complaints, agreeable to the Intendment of the said Act/ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twelfth Day of june> in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the Court of Session shall grant Warrants for the Service of all such Complaints as aforesaid, upon fifteen Days Notice.

II. And whereas the Elections of Magistrates and Counsellors of Royal Boroughs in Scotland have sometimes been reduced and made void, by Decrees of the Court of Session, in Actions or Complaints brought before the said Court for that Purpose, by which the Corporate Powers of such Boroughs are in Effect in a State of Nonexistence, until restored by the Justice and Favour of the Crown: And whereas no Provision is made in the aforesaid Act of the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, or any other Act now in being, for regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in Course to have been the presiding Borough at the Election, happens to be reduced, and not revived when the Election is made For remedying thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when it shall happen that the Election of the Magistrates and Council of the Borough, which ought to have been the pretiding Borough at such Election, is reduced and not revived, the next Borough intitled to preside in Turn shall be the presiding Borough, and the Election shall be made at that Borough; and the Commissioner for that Borough shall be the rresident of the Meeting of Commissioners for the Election, and have a carting and decisive Vote, besides his own as Commissioner, where the Votes of the Commissioners are equal; and the common Clerk of that Borough shall be Clerk to the Election; and every Matter and Thing concerning the Election shall be proceeded in as if that Borough had been the presiding Borough, in the ordinary Course of Rotation.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Borough which would have been the presiding Borough at the' Election, if the Election of the Magistrates and Counsellors of such Borough had not been reduced, shall, when revived by the Justice and Favour of the Crown, have no Right or Title to be a presiding Borough in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of which it is one, until the other Boroughs of the District, each in their Turn, have successively provided, and that the Right devolves upon such Borough in the ordinary Course of Rotation.

PrewiVe.

AO r> Of* f)

Court of Session, 00 15 Days Notice, dial I grant Warrants lor Service of Complaints for Re-tirefs of Wrong* committed by inrolling at Elections. Election of Burgrf* to frrve in Parliament

regulated.

The presiding Borough of the Drflrift how to be alccru&ed.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and, and reduce into one Act of

ment, the general Laws now in leing for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of llorfts to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS much Inconvenience has been found to arise from the heavy additional Toils authoris*ed and directed to be taken by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

[Act 13 Geo. 3.]

An Act

184 C. 83. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

to explain and amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, from persons who have in Waggons, Carts, Qr Carriages, carried greater Weights than are thereby allowed upon Turnpike Roads An3 whereat it is expedient and necessary to make some Alteration with respectc to

such additional Tolls, in order tp prevent innocent Perfops from suffering unwarily or inadvertently thereby: And whereas th* permitting any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, when weighed at any weighing

Engine, to be drawn by an unlimited Number of Horses, has been found, on Trial, to be incoqvenient, and liable toAbufej* for Remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it jnay be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the' Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autfio-

p«rt of the said rity of the same, That so much of the said before-recited Act, as iropoiyers the Trustees of any Tifrn-Act repealed* pike Road to receive and take the additional Toll of twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight, which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with its Loading; shall weigh at any Weighing Engine, over and above the Weight allowed thereby; and also so much thereof as permits any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, after haying been weighed as aforesaid, tp b? drawn by an unlimited Number of Horses 5 shall be, and is hereby repealed.

Additional Tolls

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August% to be hw^fter pue thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, it shall and may be lawful for all Trustees. appointed by taVen forejtu any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of any Turnpike Road within that Part of Great Britain Weight* on called England, or any five or more of them, or for any Person or Persons properly impowered by any aw°n»* five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the Tolls already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the following Sums of Money, as additional Tolls for every Hundred Weight of one hundreq and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, tyhich any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading g thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing Engine erected, or to be erected, over and above the Weights by the before-recited Act allowed to each of them respectively; that is to say. For the First and Second hundred of such over Weight, the Sum of three-pence for each hundred; for every hundred of such over Weight above two hundred, and not exceeding five hundred, the Sum of Six-pence; for every hundred of such overWeight above five hundred, and not exceeeding ten hundred, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; for evenr Hundred of such over Weight above ten hundred, and not exceeding fifteen hundred, the Sum of five Shillings; and for every Hundred of such over Weight above fifteen hundred, the Sum of twenty Shillings: Which said additional Toll or Duty, hereby granted and made payable at any Weighing Engine, as aforesaid, shall and may be levied and recovered in any of the Cases aforesaid, upon any Person liable thereto, or upon his or her Goods or Chattels, who shall, after Demand made thereof, refute or ne-gle& to pay the same, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty payable at the same Toll-gate or Bar, where any such Engine shall be erefled, is or shall be by Law to be levied and recovered; and the Money arising from such additional Toll or Duty shall be applied to the Repairs of the Turnpike Road where the same shall be collected.

No Waggon,

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of August> no Waggon, Cart, or

Cart, or Car* Carriage, employed only rn Husbandry, or carrying only Manure or Lime for the Improvement of Land.

riage, employed or Hay, Straw, rodder, or Corn unthreftied (excepting Hay or Straw carried for Sale), shall be weighed

in Husbandry, at any Weighing Engine now erected, or hereafter to be erected; any Law or Usage to the contrary to b« weighed. notwithstandin?f 6

Tnjftee* within ^\ lt ^ur^er enacted, That the Trustees of the several Turnpike Roads within ten Miles of

jo Mile* of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, ma^, and they are hereby impowered,

London, &c. at their General or Quarterly Meetings, to lower the several additional lolls hereby directed to be taken,

way lower the as aforesaid, for overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient. vv°al,*oni c rt* And whereas the Exemption from Toll in the before-recited Act, given to Waggons, Carts, and moving1 ' Carriages, moving upon Rollers of the Breadth of sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, with flat Sur-upen Roiieri to facea, during the Term of one Year only, is found not to be a sufficient Encouragement to induce Per-

P*f* Toll free Tons to eredr and make use of the same be it therefore enacted, That all such Waggons, Carts, and for fiv« Year*, Carriages, shall, for and during the Term of five Years, to be computed from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, be permitted to pass or be drawn upon any Turn-tnd after that ^oac* Toll free; any Law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And from and after

Term to pay the Expiration of such Term, then to pay Half Toll only, as directed by the before-recited Act. only Half Toll.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation, bearing Date the Seventh Day of October^ in the third Year or his Reign, thought fit to declare the Provisions which had been made in respect to certain Countries, Territories, and Islands in America, ceded to his Majesty by the definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded at Paris on the tenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three: And whereas, by the Arrangements made by the said Royal Proclamation, a very large Extent of Country, within which there were several Colonies and Settlements of the Subjects of France, who claimed to remain therein under the Faith of the said Treaty, was left, without any Provision being made for the Administration of Civil Government therein; and certain Parts of the Territory of Canada, where sedentary Fisheries had been established and carried on by the Subjects of France, Inhabitants

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 83. 185

bitants of the said Province of Canada, under Grants and Concession^ from the Government thereof, were

annexed to the Government of Newfoundland, and thereby subjected to Regulation? inconsistent with the

Nature of such Fisheries:' May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Territories, islands, Countries \n North America* belonging to the Crown The Territories,

of Great Britain* bounded on the South by a Line from the Bay of Chaleurs* along the High Lands which islands, and

divide the Rivera that empty themselves into the River Saint Lawrence from those which fall into the Sea, Countries in

to a Point in for if- five Degrees of Northern Latitude, on the Eastern Bank of the River Corineflicut, North America,

keeping the same Latitude directly Weft, through the Lake Champlain, until, ki the same Latitude, it GrcatgBiUaiiv

meets the River Saint Lawrence; from thence up the Eastern Bank of the said Rives to the Lake Ontario;

thence through the Lake Ontario* and the River commonly called Niagara; and thence along by the

Eastern and South-eastern Bank of Lake Erie, following the said Bank, until the same shall be interfeftei

by the Northern Boundary, granted by the Charter of the Provmce of Pensylvania, in case the same shall be so interfered; and from thence along the said Northern and Western Boundaries of the said Province,

until the said Western Boundary strike the Ohio: But in case the said Bank of the said Lake shall not be

found to be so interfered, then flowing the said Bank until it shall arrive at that Point of the said Bank?

which shall be nearest to the North-western Angle of the said Province of Pensylvania* and thence by a*

right Line, to the said North-western Angle of the said Province; and thence along the Western Boundary of the said Province, until it strike the River Ohio; and along the Bank of the said River, Westward, to

the Banks of the Mississippi* and Northward to the Southern Boundary of the Territory granted to the

Merchants Adventurers of England* trading to Hudsons Bay* and also all such Territories, islands, and

Countries, which have, fmee the tenth of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, been

made Part of the Government of Newfoundland, be, and they are hereby, during his Majesty's Pleasure,

annexed to, and made Part and Parcel of, the Province of Quebec* as created and establishea by the said provioceofQu*.

Royal Proclamation of the seventh of October* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three. ^ovioceo "

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, relative to the Boundary of the Province of Que- Not tosffcatbe bee, shall in any wise a ffeft the Boundaries of any other Colony. Boundaries of

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con- »«r ©there©-flrued to extend, to make void, or to vary or alter any Right, Title, or Possession, derived under any nortomskeroia Grant, Conveyance, or othterwife howsoever, of or to any Lands within the said Province, or the Pro- other Right* vinces thereto adjoining; but that the same shall remain and be in Force, and have EiFeft, as if this Act formerly grant-had never been made.

IV. And whereas the Provisions, made by the said Proclamation, in respect to the Civil Government of the said Province of Quebec, and the Powers and Authorities given to the Governor and other Civil Officers of the said Province, by the Grants and Commissions issued in consequence thereof, have been found, upon Experience, to be inapplicable to the State and Circumstances of the said Province, the Inhabitants whereof amounted, at the Conquest, to above sixty-five thousand Persons professing the Religion of the Church of Rome, and enjoying an established Form of Constitution and System of Laws, by which their Persons and Property had been protected, governed, and ordered, for a long Series of Years, from the first Establishment of the said Province of Canada;" be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Proclamation, so far as the same relates to the said Province of Quebec, and the Commission under the Authority whereof the Government of the said Province is at present administered, and all and every the Ordinance and Ordinances made by the Governor and Council of Quebec for the Time being, relative to the Civil Government and Administration of Justice in the said Province. and all Commissions to Judges and other Officers thereof, be, and the same are hereby revoked, annulled, and made void, from and after the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

[Inhabitants of

V. And, for the more perfect Security and Ease of the Minds of the Inhabitants of the said Province,' it is hereby declared, That his Majesty's Subjects, professing the Religion of the Church oP Rome of and in the said Province of Quebec, may have, hold, and enjoy, the free Exercise of the Reli- ReiigioiT gion of the Church of Rome* subject to the King's Supremacy, declared and established by an Act, made subject torhe* in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* overall the Dominions and Countries which then did,* King's Supre-or thereafter should belong, to thelmperial Crown of this Realm; and that the Clergy of the said Church ®*cy* as h may hold, receive, and enjoy, their accustomed Dues and Rights, with respect to such Persons only as* Z ' *ndthe shall profess the said Religion Selr^L-

[Provision may be made by His Majesty for the Support of the Protestant Clergy.]

VI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make such Provision out of the rest of the said accustomed Dues and Rights, for the Encouragement of the Protestant Religion, and for the Maintenance and Support of a Protestant Clergy within the said Province, as he or they shall, from Time to Time think necessary and expedient.

[

the following Oath.]

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person, profeflimr the Religion of the Church of n0 Person pro-cRo/ne* and refid ing in the said Province, shall be obliged to take the Oath required by the said Statute fefling the Ro-

passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* or any other Oaths substituted by any other Act m /K Religion, in the Place thereof 5 but that every such Person who, by the said Statute, is required to take the Oath therein 0£h*!d !0J£ke mentioned, shall be obliged, and is hereby required, td take and subscribe the following Oath before the Go-' lf but to vemor, or such other Person in such Court of Record as his Majesty shall appoint, who are hereby authorised before the to administer the same; videlicet, Governor, Ac,

186 C. 83. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

The Oath.

Persons refusing the Oath to be subject to the Penalties by Act I Eliz.

His Majesty's Canadian Subjects (religious Orders excepted) may hold all their Poflef-lion», &c. and in Matters of Con-trOTerfy, Resort may be had to the Lawe of Canada for the Decihon.

Not to extend to Lands granted by his Majesty In common Soccape.

Owners of Goods may alienate the same by Will, &c. if executed according to the Laws of Canada. Criminal Law of England to be continued in the Province.

His Majesty may

appoint a Council for the Affairs of the Province

which Council may make Ordinances, with Consent of the Governor.

The Council are not ini powered tn lay Taxes. publick Roads or Buildings excepted.

T A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and him will defend to the utmost of my Power, against all traitorous Conspiracies, and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown, and Dignity; and I will do my utmost Endeavour to dificlofe and make known to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Treasons, and traitorous Conspiracies, and Attempts, which I shall know to be against him, or any of them; and all this I do swear without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reservation, and renouncing all Pardons and Dispensations from any Power or Person whomsoever to the contrary.

'So help me GOD.'

And every such Person, who shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oath before mentioned, shall incur and be liable to the same Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, and Incapacities, as he would have incurred and been liable to for neglecting or refusing to take the Oath required by the said Statute passed in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all his Majesty's Canadian Subjects within the Province of Quebec, the religious Orders and Communities only excepted, may also hold and enjoy their Property androfleftions, together with all Customs and Usages relative thereto, and all other their Civil Rights, in as large, ample, and beneficial Manner, as if th^said Proclamation,iCommissions, Ordinances, and other Acts and Instruments, had not been made, and as may consist with their Allegiance to his Majesty and Subjection to the Crown* and Parliament of Great Britain; and that in all Matters of Comroversy, relative to Property and Civil Rights, Resort shall be had to the Laws of Canada, as the Rule for the Decision of the same; and all causes that shall hereafter be instituted in any of the Courts of Justice, to be appointed within and for the said Province by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, with respect to such Property and Rights, b$ determined agreeably to the said Laws and Customs of Canada, until they shall be varied or altered by any Ordinances that shall, from Time to Time, be passed in the said Province by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council of the same, to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Lands that have been granted by his Majesty, or shall hereafter be granted by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be holden in free and common Soccage.

X. Provided also, That it shall anid may be lawful to and for every Person that is Owner of any Lands, Goods, or Credits, in the said Province, and that has a Right to alienate the said Lands, Goods, or Credits, in his or her Life-time, by Deed of Sale, Gift, or otherwise, to devise or bequeath the same at his or her Death, by his or her la ft Will and Testament; any Law, Usage or Custom, heretofore or now prevailing in the Province, to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding; such Will being executed cither according to the Laws of Canada, or according to the Forms prescribed by the Laws of England.

XI. And whereas the Certainty and Lenity of the Criminal Law of England, and the Benefits and Advantages resulting from the Use of it, have been sensibly felt by the Inhabitants, from an Experience of more than nine Years, during which it has been uniformly administered be it therefore, further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same shall continue to be administered, and shall be observed as Law in the Province of Quebec, as well in the Description and Quality of the Offence as in the Method of Prosecution and Trial; and the Punishments and Forfeitures thereby inflicted to the Exclu-(ion of every other Rule of Criminal Law, or Mode of Proceeding thereon, which did or might prevail in the said Province before the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any respect notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to such Alterations and Amendments as the Governor, Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the r giflative Council of the said Province, hereafter to be appointed, shall, from Time to Time, cause to be made therein, in Manner herein after directed.

XII. And whereas it may be necessary to ordain many Regulations for the future Welfare and good Government of the Province of Quebec, the Occasions of which cannot now be foreseen, nor, without

much Delay and Inconvenience, be provided for, without intruding that Authority, for a certain Time,

and under proper Restrictions, to Persons resident there: And whereas it is at present inexpedient to call an Assembly be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Signet or Sign Manual, and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to constitute and appoint a Council for the Affairs of the Province of Quebec, to consist of such Persons resident there, not exceeding twenty-three, nor less than seventeen, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to appoint; and, upon the Death, Removal, or Absence of any of the Members of the said Council, in like Manner to constitute and appoint such and so many other Person or Persons as shall be necessary to supply the Vacancy or Vacancies; which Council, so appointed and nominated, or the major Part thereof, shall have Power and Authority to make Ordinances for the Peace, Welfare, and good Government, of the said Province, with the Consent of his Majesty's Governor, or, in his Absence, of the Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise or impower the said legislative Council to lay any Taxes or Duties within the said Province, such Rates and Taxes only excepted as the Inhabitants of any Town or District within the said Province may be authorised by the said Council to assess, levy, and apply, within the said Town or District, for the Purpose of making Roads, erefling and repairing publick Buildings, or for any other Purpose respecting the local Convenience and Oeconomy of such Town or District.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84, 85. 187

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ordinance so to be Ordinance* made, shall, within six Months, be transmitted by the Governor, or, in his Absence, by the Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and laid before his Majesty for his Royal Appro- jesty for hi* a* nation; and if his Majesty shall think fit to disallow thereof, the same shall cease and be void from the probation. Time that his Majesty's Order in Council thereupon shall be promulgated at Quebec.

XV. Provided also, That no Ordinance touching Religion, or by which any Punishment may be in- Ordinance* stifled greater than Fine or Imprisonment for three Months, shall be of any Force or Effect, until the same shall have received his Majesty's Approbation. ?n°For©e without

his Majesty* Approbation.

[When Ordinan

XVI. Provided also, That no Ordinance shall be passed at any Meeting of the Council where less than a Majority of the whole Council is present, or at any Time except between the first Day of "January and ce« are to be pai-the first Day of May, unless upon some urgent Occasion, in which Case every Member thereof resident bY Maj°-at Quebec^ or within fifty Miles thereof, shall be personally summoned by the Governor, or, in his Ab- rily'

fence, by the Lieutenant-governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, to attend the same.

[Nothing toHin-

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or der his Majesty their Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from erecting, constituting, and appointing, 5? conllltfu^ such Courts of Criminal, Civil, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within and for the said Province of Quebec, ^inii*civi"ani and appointing, from Time to Time, the Judges and Officers thereof, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Eccieilafticai Successors, shall think necessary and proper for the Circumstances of the said Province. Jurisdiction.

[All Acts for-

---

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or make void, within the said Province of Quebec, any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain heretofore made, for prohibiting, restraining, or regulating, the Trade or Commerce of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America; but that all and every the said Acts, and also all Acts of Parliament heretofore made concerning or respecting the said Colonies and Plantations, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, in Force, within the said Province of Quebec, and every Part thereof.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to prevent certain Inconveniencies that may happen by Bills of Naturalization.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it hath been found that many Persons, born out of the Allegiance of the Crown of Great Britain, obtain Bills of Naturalization for the Purpose of availing themselves in foreign Countries of the Immunities and Indulgences belonging to his Majesty's trading Subjects, by Treaties, or otherwise; and in order to apply the said Immunities and Indulgences to promote the Trade of the Country to which the Persons so naturalized originally belonged, and not with any Design of fixing their Residence in Great Britain, or of becoming useful Subjects thereof: And whereas it is neither just nor expedient to permit such Abuses of the true Intent of Naturalization;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons how to be naturalized hereafter.]

That no Person shall hereafter be naturalized, unless in the Bill exhibited for that Purpose there shall a Clause or Proviso inserted to declare that such Person shall not thereby obtain, or become intitled to claim, within any foreign Country, any of the Immunities or Indulgences in Trade which are or may be enjoyed or claimed therein by natural-born British Subjects, by virtue of any Treaty, or otherwise, unless such Person shall have inhabited and resided within Great Britain, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, for the Space of seven Years, subsequent to the first Day of the Session of Parliament in which the said Bill of Naturalization shall have passed, and shall not have been absent out of the same for a longer Space than two Months, at any one Time, during the said seven Years; and that no Bill of Naturalization shall hereafter be received, in either House of Parliament, unless such Clause or Proviso be first inserted or contained therein.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the two Sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred Pounds to Lady Ann Mackenzie, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland.

Most Gracious Sovereign

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty

188 C. 85. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

'in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned;' and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Not exceeding a,080,6961. ix«. Id. jq. granted out of the Sinking Fuad, for the Service of the current Year) to be issued by the Treasury accordingly.]

Treasury impowered to raise the kid Sum, or any Part thereof, hyLoaps or Exchequer Billi.cn the Cre-dit of the Sinking Fund*

All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act, shall bav$ a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money with Interest.

Orders to be registered in Course.

No undue Preference to b?

men;.

No Fee so be token on Forfeiture of treble Damages, with full Costs.

Penalty of undae Preference in point of Regiilry or Payment*

Auditor, &c. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, dec*

to be recovered at Westminster.

That by or out of such Monies as shall, from Time to Time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called Tie Sinking Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, a Sum not exceeding two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think it advisable to raise the said Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons* Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-r pepce Farthing, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses* Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Reve-t nues composing the Sinking Fund, and tp have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or ipore of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, who are or is hereby authorised to issue his or their Warrants for that Purpose, as such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the same Pate with his, her, or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal 5 and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall (land registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively, and in Course; and that the Monies to com? in of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing th? Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be, in the same Order, liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, respectively* without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose Whatsoever, other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament In that Behalf, as aforesaid; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Regigifters, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest-thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, \yith full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lote his Place also: And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, determined by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable, by. Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any bi$ Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of the Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place: And in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or thq Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according tp ?%ch Person's duq Place and Order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any-wise granted or allowed.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 85. 189

[No undue Pre-

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be in the registered 5 then it shall be interpreted no undue rrefeience which of those be entered first, so as he enters ^hentOrdmare them all the same Day^, # brought "the*

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in point fame Day 5

of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent noriffubfequtot Orders, to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before other Persons Order* are paid that did not come and take their Monies, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy preceding Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for course, them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank foes Money b# for them. referred for tb«

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be P'"*d«Or-due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register, as afore- power of Affiga^-said, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words or Assignment, to be bkoc, mdMe-" indorsed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, tho«i of transfer* Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Au- ring of Order*, ditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make), shall

intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties %. and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who hath or have made such Assign-tnent, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the ifltftillbe Whole the said Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds twelve judged more ad»> 4 Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or byifluingEx- viable, the chequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the T*[7 4 Publick Service be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of sunibyEiche- his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Trea- quCr Bill*, in--surer for the Time being, shall judge it more advisable to raise the said Sum of two millions and eighty stead of Loan*;. thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans, as aforesaid, that then he or they respectively is or the Bin* in such are hereby authorised: and impowered, at any Time or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to be pre- Case to be made pared or made, at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of M^rehpf* Money, not exceeding in the Vvhole the said Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and tble ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the seffion * same or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to bi$ Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made, in pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro- All Advantage*'

vifocs. Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last- and Penalties in mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except Malt Ad of such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as [hi.# Session, re. limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act). 0Vexch°equelp1* shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and Bills thereby au* effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by thorised to be the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and forth, ex-' re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. A/>ed tolhi#

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be made The Vaid Ex-

In pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to, or attending the chequer Bills, fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out interest and of the growing Produce of the Surplusses, Excesses, and overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing Charges, are to the Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular J?pJ,d°ulof" Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the infi

Lid Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Exchequer Bills, Interest,-Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or

Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable, on Demand, to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Bank authonfea

for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England tq advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Man- to lend to his ner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums Majesty the Soo» of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two millions and eighty thousand six hundred and 7q

ninety-six Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, any Thing in an Act made in the fifth and notmiMUi* sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a €t $ Sc 6 Gui. several Rates and Duties upon To nage of Ships and Vessels; and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing & Man*. certain Recommences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the

Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

190 C. 85. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

The Sum of

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred and thirteen m 90I 11 s. thousand one hundred and ninety Pounds eleven Shillings and Seven-pence Farthing, remaining in the I ib-VnUi'?5 Receipt of the Exchequer on the fifth Day o(January, one rhousand seven hundred and seventy-four, for Find in the Lx- the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surolufles, Excesses, and

Si'ikr:

chequer on 5 April, 1774 j and 126,9811.

7 c. 5 d. rrmain. ing in the Exchequer for *771

nd \ and also the Sum iH vn and Three-pence one thousand seven had then arisen of :und commonly called

ch-.-fn'cii overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The 5 fan >774; of six hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and three Pounds ieven Vr t^rce Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the fir ‘ Day of p gin The Tx-n* hundred and seventy-four, for the "Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies a the Surplusses, ExcelLs, and overplus Monies, and other Revenues comp r.^

The Sinking Fund; and also the Sum of one hundred and twenty-six thou find nine hundred and eighty-one Pounds seven Shillings and Five pence, now remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and also such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and on or before the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven and such Monies hundred and fevemy-five, of the Produce of the Duties charged by two Acts made in the fifth and four-fhui b« paid teenth Years of his" present Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic \ and also the Sum of twenty thousand two hundred and thirty-seven Pounds five Shillings and Three-pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an AOl of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and also of such imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the Sum of sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds and Four-pence*

into the Exchequer between April 5, 1774, and April 5, 1775,of the Pioduccof the Duties on Gum

Senega and Gum being the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hofbital, on account of the Arabic j Deduction of Twelve-pence in the Pound upon Monies issued to him for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea *0,237b 5*.3*. Hospital, and also the Sum of thirty thousand five hundred and sixty-one Pounds nine Shillings and

remakingmthe Three-penrc, paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in pursuance of two Acts made in the second f ancj njmh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, by the Receivers General of the several Counties

in England and Wales, that have not raised the Militia, shall and may be issued and applied at the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for and towards making good the said Supply; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the 6 GrrJ.:/ accordingly.

out of imprest Monies remaining for the Disposition of Parliament j and 16,500b 4d. in the Hands of the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital; and 30,561 U p s. 3d. paid into the Exchequer by Acts 1 & 9 Geo. 3.

15,000]. for

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding fifteen thou-mcci^rv Ex- ^ani* P°unds, out of such Monies as are or shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before pencet of Forces fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, of the Produce of all or any of the in America, Duties and Revenues which by any Act or Acts of Parliament have been directed to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for rrovssions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Rills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malty Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as mall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon; and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same 5 and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other ASX of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesh by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same \ and also the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills* for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for a Lottery, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Sum of one million of the Capital Stocksof three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for e/lablijt ling a Lottery j and also the said Sum of one hundred and thirteen thousand one hundred and ninety »c^'ainin ini tbs ^ounds eleven Shillings and Seven-pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Exchequer on fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, for the Disposition of Parliament, j<r». 17-14; of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundi and also the said Sum of six hundred and nineteen J* thousand three hundred and three Pounds seven Shillings and Three*pence three Farthings, remaining in

the Exchequer of the Duties on Rice exported, and on Apple* imported, Cam bricki and Su-fais granted by

Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, nd the ceded Island#, out of the Monies to be paid into the Exchequer on April 5, 1775. Appropriation of the Suppliet, The Monks

rising by the

Milt Tax,

Land Tax,

Loajis, Lottery(

nd J11.190L

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 85. 191

the Receipt of the Exchequer on the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, remaning in the for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, and overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund\ and also for the Dispofi-the said Sum of one hundred and twenty-six thousand nine hundred and eighty-one Pounds seven Shil- tion of Parlii-lings and Five-pence, now remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants ment; and for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and also such of the Monies as 1*6,981!* 7‘* shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred CrtheGrancs

and seventy-four, and on or before the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, f0f ,77J. in(j of the Produce of the Duties charged by two Acts made in the fifth and fourteenth Years of his present such Monies a« Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the said shall be paid into Sum of twenty thousand two hundred and thirty-seven Pounds five Shillings and Three pence, remain- E*ch.<jT,er ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on \ of the Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of his present Ma- produce of the-jetty's Reign, and also of such imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament; and also Duties on Gum the said Sum of sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds and Four-pence, being the Balance remaining in the Senega and ciura Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, on account of the Deduction of Twelve-pence in the ^0rab cj a"d d Pound upon Monies'issued to him for the Out-pensioners of Chefa Hospital; and also the said Sum of of'tlhVMonies* thirty thousand five hundred and sixty-one Pounds nine Shillings and Thc^c-pence, pud into the Receipt on Rice export, of the Exchequer, in pursuance of two Acts made in the second and ninth Yerus of the Reign of his pre- ed, and Duties sent Majesty, by the Receivers-general of the several Counties in England and JValej, that have not raised on A?P'W im-the Militia; and also the further Sum of two millions, and eighty thousand six hundred and ninety-six ^m^ciwand Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing, by this Act granted, out of such Monies as shall or sugari^by Art may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, 6 Geo. III. Uc. commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall and 16,5001.4d. be issued and applied, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed, together with the °* ®?,ar.cc '

Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War,

which his Majesty declared in a most gracious Speech to his Parliament, that he had directed, for the Ease furerrt Chelsea of his Subjects, to be applied to the publick Service 5 and also such Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty, Hospital; and according to his most gracious Intentions, expressed in the same Speech, shall dire<7, for the further Ease 9* 3d»

of his Subjects, to be also applied to the publick Service, out of the Monies which have arisen, or shall P*1* ,nto lJ|c

arise, by the Sale of Lands belonging to his Majesty in the Islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to his Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace. general in England and Wales,

that have not raised the Militia; and 1,080/96l. ns. S d. iq. by this Art granted, out of the *Excefie% &c. composing the Sinking Fund; together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War; and also such Sums of Money ai his Majesty flulldirert to be applied to the publick Service, which shall arile by the Sale of the ceded Islands in the West Indies.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million nine hundred and four thousand nine hundred and seventeen Pounds four Shillings and Three-pence, for or towards the naval Services herein particularly expressed; (that is to say), For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Vi&uailine thereof, performed, and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed, and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for Half-pav to Sea and Marine Officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand three hundred and fifty-four Marines; and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in his Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what may be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred and forty-four thousand six hundred and ninety-nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and Five-pence, for the Charge of the Office oFOrdnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-six thousand four hundred and twenty-five Pounds and Two-pence, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids rir Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million five hundred and thirty-four thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds fourteen Shillings and Eight-pence, and one-eighth Part of a Penny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; (that is to say,) Any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and thirty-eight thousand six hundred and thirty Pounds sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence, for defraying the Charge of eighteen thousand and twenty-four effective Men, commissiond and non-commissioned Officers included, and including one thousand five hundred and twenty-two Invalids for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the

Year

Not exceeding 1,904,917l. 4

3d. to be issued out of the Supplies towards Naval Services.

*00,000 1. towards p«)ing uff the Debt of the Navy.

Not exceeding 244/99 I. 17* 5 d. Charges of the Office of Orel >an.e.

26,425! *d. fjr Chat get of the Office of Ordnance not provided for in 1773 i

1,534,7*01. ?4». SJ. and 1 8ih of a Penny, towards the Land Fo cet; of which 638 6;o I. 16 s. 10 d. far detr..)ing the Charg.e« of 18.014 effective Men, &c.

192 C. 85. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

n^ 151a Invalids for Guards,

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred and sixty thousand and sixty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and one-eight Part Britain tcc* a Penny* towards further maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Africa^ 360,061l. 13 s, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, 4d.'and i-8th Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year one thousand seven of 1 Penny, for hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand six hundred and Forces and Gar- twenty-seven Pounds and Three-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the £con&ln Africa, British and Irish Establishment of five Battalions and three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man9 Not exceeding at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four 3 46x7k 3d. to and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand four hundred and seventy-three Pounds nuke good* the eighteen Shillings and Six-pence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Ditferenci of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Mo-

SitUhTod"^ ncy> not exceeding one hundred and seven thousand five hundred and twenty-five Pounds nineteen Shil-Btoblifltaukto# lings an^ Two-pence, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, the Troops in for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

the isle of Man.]

one thousand and ten Pounds two Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse.Guards reduced, and to the for^cncxil and foperannua*cd Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred General Staff and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, Officers inGrcat for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma-Britain; rines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before *©7>525 h the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven d°offi* hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-two ©fCtheLandre thousand seven hundred and thirty-one Pounds and five Shillings, upon Account, towards defraying the Forets and Ma- Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; *ine«; 1010l. and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and eighty-eight thousand and thirty Pounds id. to the nineteen Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Gu*0?* red dfC Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand to The seven hundred and seventy-three, and the twenty-second Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and Pentium of of- seventy-four, and not provided for by Parliament.

ficert Widow* 3 121,7311. 59. to the Out. pen (loners of Chelsea Hospiul; not exceeding 288,030 1. 19 s. 5 d. 2 q. towards extraordinary Expences of the LajidFoice*, and other Serrrces incurred, and not provided for.

t,oooo, ooool. for

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies discharging E*. aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of one million, for paying off and discharging chequer Bill* of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An last Session. rQr ratring a certain Sum of Money by Loans, or Exchequer Bills^ for the Service of the Year one thou-

Jana seven hundred and feuenty-three y and charged upon the nrft Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

to,100l. to

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies

roalce good to aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of ten thousand one hundred Pounds, to make like Sum issued ?ooc* ^'s Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by his Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Ad-in pursuance of aresses of the House of Commons, the Adressci of the House of Commons.

4346l. 10s. 5 d. for supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia } 3086 1. for the Civil Establish-meat of Georgia

Not exceeding 4950 k for the Civil Establishment of East Florida;

4850 1. for the Civil Establishment of West Florida;

2085 I. 48. fot defraying Expences attending Surveys in North Aroe-ea.

1 3,000l. for repairing and maintaining the ortfc in Africa; *36 I. 9 d. 1 q.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand three hundred and forty-six Pounds ten Shillings and Five-pence, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand and eighty-six Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of fune9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth-Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand and eighty-five Pounds and four shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of his Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand three hundred and thirty-six Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, upon Account, for defraying the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 85. 193

Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Satiety in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year one the Civil Eft* thousand seven hundred and seventy-four. Mi some nt of St*.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or shy the Aids or Sup- Ko^exoicding plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two 2*oot; 10 the-thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum 'to carry on the Execution of the Trustees of the tT/ufts reposed in them by Parliament. BmifoMufcum,

XXIV. And it is hereby also enabled determined by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or ^‘gj ,g, Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fix on account Jf thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and Seven-pence, upon account of the the, Expence of Expences of the nefrs Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in Roads, &c. [the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Highlands two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expences which shall be incurred in calling 4ndJft

lin and recoining the deficient Gold Coin, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the House of Commons of the, Joooo1 for* tenth Day of may, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not defraying the exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, to be paid to David Hartley Esquire, towards enabling him Deficiency of ^to defray the Charge of Experiments, in order to ascertain the Practicability and Utility of his Discovery the Goid Com, of a Method to secure Buildings and ships from Fire, and that the same be paid without Fee or Reward. Mcr Hartley!*

m' for enabling him U the Charge of hit Discovery to secure Buddings, &c. from Fire# .

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted By the Authority aforesaid, That putof *11 or any the Aids or Sup- 8g0^ooi. iplics aforesaid, there shall and may be uTued and applied the Sum of eight hundred and eighty thousand granted to bi* 'Pounds, to enable his Majesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who have Majesty, to be Tubscribdd their capital Stock of three rounds per Centum Annuities, to be discharged and annihilated upon P|yabltt0Pcr-*the Terms expressed in the Resolution of the House of Commons of the nineteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four. ‘ Capital of 3 per

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Cent, &c. Supplies aforesaid, there (balland may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Not d«»g Jforty-three thousand six hundred and fortyrfive Pounds twelve Shillings and Eight-pence, to replace to JJ'*45?; I*/ the Sinking Fund the like Sum paidoutof the Came, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July, F°undetolu

‘one thousand seven hundred and seventy*three, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an make good the ‘A €t9 made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Deficiency o*

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight. Ju,r 5. *773*

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aidsand Supplies, The said Aida provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than to be applied the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the said Deficiency, or other Payments directed to be* satis- only10 the ufti fied thereout by any Act or Acts, orany particular Clkufe or Clauses for that Purpose, contained in any other b.cfor®

Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament. 10ne

XXVIII. And as to the Sum of one hundred and seven thptifand five hundred and twenty-five Pounds R,ie* to be oh-‘4 nineteen Shillings and Two-pence, by. this Act appropriated on.account of Half Pay as aforesaid/ it is fenredinthe hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be Application of duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; that is td say. That no Person shall have or receive lhc Hllf any Part of the same who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when thefftegi-ment. Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person, who did aduil Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company 5 that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or NJiljury, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay; that no Chaplain of any Garnfon or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland shall have or receive any Part of the said Half Pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and ha9 had rio Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person, by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have: been otherwise intitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the, five Regiments af Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain

XXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's $yAct«jGcoej» Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a ctrtainSum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy* three; and for further ^appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffiort of Parliament; and for paying U John *4 Harrison a further RnOard for his Invention, of a Time- keeter for qftertaining the Longitude:at Sea, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was conjlrutted); the several Supplies which had been granted to.his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Ptrr- poses therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and Sum not

eleven thousand one hundred and twenty-seven Pounds five Shillings and Ten-pence, was appropriated «^ed,n|t 4 to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand appro.

w seven hundred and seventy-three, ftrbjeft never theless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of ^mated to be

the said Half Pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prefcTibcdrin that Behalf:* iNow it is hereby pro- paid ttrth^te-

vided, enacted, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sun&of onehopdred dneed Officer*,

and eleven thousand one hundred and twenty-seven Pounds five Shillings and Ten-pence, as is or shall X>rerplbstfo-be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act of-

to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to dif-

such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of posed' of to

194 C. 85. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Officers who are maimed

their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Wi" weremaimea, dows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal wi. or'0 Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf} any. Thing in this Act, or the said former A a, to the Officertwidawi contrary notwithstanding.

fid Children, as his Majesty shall direct.

10 d. 3q. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1774, to be made Part of The Aggregate Fund,

ly Ad 1*

Geo. j. 71,0001 was granted for discharging Debts on the forfeited Estate of the late Earl «fCsomarty, ftc.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of twenty-three thousand six hundred and thirty-seven Pounds eleven Shillings and Ten-pence three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, of the two-seventh Parts of the additional Rates and Duties of Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended, be carried to and made Part of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund; and that such Annuities and other Demands payable out of the said Sum, as the growing Produce of the two-seventh Parts of the said Excise shall not be sufficient to answer, shall be charged upon, and payable out of the said Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fundi and the Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time fieingj are or is hereby impowered to authorise the Payment out of the said Fund of such Monies as shall be necessary to make good any such Deficiency or Deficiencies.

XXXI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled.

tfct fcu) 3«m of Tfcool« Riront of the Exchequer in Scotland, to make out a Debenture to his Majesty's Receiver-general of Land Renta Jbere, for Payment of 500l. to Lady Anne Mackenzie j

which De-Mauice t ft be a.

and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seventy-two thousand Pounds, for paying and discharging the Debts claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estates which became forfeited to the Crown, by the Attainder of George late Earl of Cromarty, and others: And whereas for the better and more easy paying and discharging the Debts of Creditors upon the Lands and Estates of Cromarty, and others, they were thereby directed and required, on or before the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, to produce, or cause to be produced, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Decree or Decrees of the Court of Session, sustaining the said Claims; and upon producing the same, the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer were thereby impowered and required to make out Debentures or Certificates for the several Sums of Money and interest, which should appear to be due by and under the said Decrees respectively, upon the Receiver General of his Majesty's Land Rents, and Casualties, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and that the said Claim or Claims should not carry any further interest, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy: And whereas Lady Anne MKenzie, Sifter to George late Earl of Cromarty, entered a Claim upon the Estate of Cromarty, for the Sum of five hundred Pounds, contained in a Bond to her from the said late Earl, with the legal interest, from the Term of Whitsunday, one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, which Interest (he was intifled to receive at two Terms in the Year, in which Bond there was this Condition, That in case (he should die unmarried, the said Sum of five hundred Pounds should return to the said late Eat), and his Heirs, succeeding to him in his Estate of Cromarty, in the same Manner as if the said Bond had not been made to her And whereas by a Decree of the Court of Session the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, (he was found a just and lawful Creditor of the said George late Earl of Cromarty, for the principal Sum of five hundred Pounds, and interest, from Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and forty-five, and in Time coming, till Payment, according to the Condition of the Bond: And whereas the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on account of the Condition* in the said Bond, did not think themselves authorised to order the said Lady Anne Mackenzie Payment of the said Sum of five hundred Pounds out of the seventy-two thousand Pounds voted by Parliament, for paying the Debts upon the forfeited Estates, (he still remaining unmarried: And whereas the said Lady Anne Mackenzie, by the said Decree, is intitled to receive the interest of the said Sum of five hundred rounds yearly, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum: And whereas it may he a Doubt whether the said interest: ought to be paid out of the Rents of the Estate of Cromarty, since the Annexation thereof: And whereas the said Sum of five hundred Pounds is lying in the Hands of the Receiver General, without interest, by which Means the said Lady Anne Mackenzie may be exposed to great Difficulties and Distress be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby impowered and required to make out the Debenture or Certificate, under their Hands, to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Land Rents and Casualties, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Payment of the said principal Sum of five hundred Pounds, to the said Lady Anne Mackenzie, to be had and retained by her, to her own Use, notwithstanding the Condition in the said Bond; which Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling is to be paid upon Sight, and without Abatement, out of the Balance in the said Receiver'll Hands, remaining* of the said Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of forfeited Estates; and the said Debenture and< Certificate shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Receiver of the said Sum of five hundred Pounds; and upon such Payment, the said Estate of Cromarty shall be for ever acquitted, exonerated, and discharged^ against the said Lady Anne Mackenzie, her Heirs, Executors) and Assigns^ touching the said Claim, and from all Demands whatsoever in respect of the same*

sufficient Discharge,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 86. 195

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to Continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandise exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, so far as relates to the commencing Prosecutions for Penalties against the Revenue of Customs to subsequent Acts.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, are near expiring;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Clause in an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing, during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars importeay and which Clause was to continue in Force for the Term of thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament $ and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign ofher late Majesty Queen Anne, revived, and continued; and also a Proviso in the last mentioned Act contained, that no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East Indies, and the Coast of Barbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso, by several subsequent Acts of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the fifteenth, twenty-Iixth, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King t George\hc Second, and of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from (hence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

1774, further continued until June 24,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaitL That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods; and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs \ relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat 5 and also relating to Goods not reported and found after clearing Ships, and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons, or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported 5 and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the least 5 and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures

this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties (m Merchandises exported j and for reducing the Duties upen

Clause In Act pand 10Gul. |« allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Opper Ban imported, revived by fa Ann*, lefpefting Bam imported from the East Indie* and Barbary only, and contt* nued by Act It Geo. 1. 15, 16, and 32 Geo. II. and f Geo. III. till June 24, l;8l.

Oause* i« Act 5 Geo. I. relating to foreign Good* taken at Sea, &c.

and by Act 9 Geo. I. %, 8, *5, rf, 20, and 33 r.( o. II. 7 Geo. III. continued until Sept. 19, I774o further cjnii nued r.H Sept* 29, *781.

Act 8 Geo. U rcla ine to the Enco r ^emeot ot Silk Manufactures, &c.

196 C. 86. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774

Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported 5 and for Importation of all Furs of the Produce of the British Plantations into this Kingdom ontyi and that the two Corporations of Assurances in any Suits brought^ on their Policies shall be liable only to single Damages and Gifts of Suit; as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to the taking off several Duties dn Merchandises exported, which* was to continue in Force for. three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hun-and by A A xi dred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which'by Geo. 1.», 8,15, several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Rergir of his late Majesty King George the* 3* First, and intHe second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-second rears of the Reign continued tilt*' of his late Majesty King George the;Second, and of the: sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*. June *4, 1774. hath been continued until the twenty-fourth-Day of fune, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fouiy and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same i9 hereby further continu- further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth*Day of June* owe, thousand seven «d till June 14, hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

AdV Geo. 1.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the and several fob- Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of" sequent Acts, to Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby \ and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject' prevent clan- Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities

*ne Ru"n,ng of the like Production are subject^ which was tt> be in Force for two Years, from the twenty^fifth Day of o 00 t, c. March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty- two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;, and which by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obligifig all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine), was to have further Continuance to the first Day of June, one- thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; ancf Which, by an Act, made, in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, but by Mistake, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was inserted therein, in (lead of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty* first, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Rfeign of his said late Majesty, and of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thercr-of, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from-thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And whereas by the said last-recited Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, reciting; 44 And whereas several Persons, guilty of the clandestine running: 44 of Brandy, or other customable or prohibited Goods, or of receiving such Goods, knowing the same* 41 to have been so run, do frequently remove from their usual Places of Abode into fame other Country*

and are there called by other than their true Names, to avoid their being prosecuted with Effed for such their notorious Offences; it is therefore, amongst other Things, enacted by the said recited Act* 44 That if any Person or Persons (tall be guilty of any Offence or Offences, contrary to the true 'Intent* 44 and Meaning of that or any other Act of Parliament made fOT the preventing clandestine running of Brandy, or other customable or prohibited Goods, or of receiving stich Goods into his or their Houser Shop, or Warehause, Custody, or Possession, knowing the same to be so run; such Person and Per- Tons shall and may be prosecuted for any of the Offences or Matters aforesaid, by Action, Bill, Plains*

or Information, and thereupon a Capias, in the first Process, specifying the Sum of the Penalty (tied for, shall and may issue; and such Person or Persons shall be obliged to give sufficient Rail or Security*

by natural-born Subjects or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed*

to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of Returiv of such Writ, to an- fwer such Suit and Prosecution; and shall likewise, at the Time of fqch appearing, give sufficient Bast or Security by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and *4‘ Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his or their Body or Bodies to Prison And whereas it is expedient, that the Provision herein- before mentioned should extend to Offences committed against any Act of Parliament for preventing Frauds in his Majesty *s Revenue of Customs, which hath been or may be made after the parting of the said in-part recited Act be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, a Capias, in the first Process, requiring Bail and Security, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall and may issue, in like Manner, against any Person or Persons prosecuted for any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of any Act or Acts of Parliament now made, or hereafter to be made, for preventing the clandestine importing, running, or exporting, or relanding, any customable or prohibited Goods whatsoever, or for receiving such Goods into his or their House, Shop, or Warehouse, Custody, or Possession, knowing the same to be so prohibited, run,.or relanded;, any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods Majesty's Woods in America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; in America, &c. and to encourage the Importation of Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, which was to continue in Force from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, for the Term of thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-and by 13, ment; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the thirteenth and twenty-fourth Years of his 34, 25, sc 3* said late Majesty *s Reign, was? further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand

Geo. ». and r

(Exception.)

and by Att 20 Geo. 2. comi-

1754.and by subsequent Act of *1,27, Sc 33 Geo. ft. and 7 Geo. 3. continued till Sept.

further continued-fill Sept* y, I7«t.

'Aa8 Geo. fi 'recited, refitting the romrfflg

of prohibited Geode.

' A Cafiai to be URicd against Frrlor.S prose-cured for Offences commi'ted against the Att.

Atti Geo. 2.

for the Prefer-v.ifion of his

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 86 197

seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End. of the then next Session of Parliament; and

which, by another Act made in the twentyrfifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fiftyreight^ Yw 'u 1774 and which, by another Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Rggn of his said late Majesty, wasTurr J v f ther continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament and which, by another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was‘further continued, until the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby* further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the ^ber twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the Eqd of the then next Session of Parliament#

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifth.Year of the 5 Geo. 2. Reign of, his late Majesty Ring George the Second, for encouraging, the Growth of Coffee in his Ma-i

yefty's Plantations in America, which was to continue.in Force from the twenty-fifth Day of March, on^ coffo, ' thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which* hjt and by a£s several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty-fifth, and thirty-second Years othis u».*9»act^-feid late Majesty's Reign, and of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further cpnti- !*GGJ° *con-nued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and tmnejtui Jwicr seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part there* *4f 1774, of as relates to the Importation and Exportation of foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof* 'u'ther «p«iiw until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred, apd eighty-one, apd frocp thepce to the Juoc %h End of the then next Session of Parliament, 7

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the seven tKYpat of Af^ Geo. i. the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of for the

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First% intituled, An Act for the free. Importation of Cochineal JhinVaTVc. during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indico\ which was to cootiiuie, in

Force from the twenty* fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term

of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;. apd which, by fe* and by 14, *e,

several subsequent Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty.rthird Years of his *7*& 33 Geo. a, said late Majesty's Reign, and of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further con* ^j tinued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun* Sept!^, 1774. dred and seventy-four, and, from, thence to the End of the then.next Session of Parliament, shall hf, and the ftme is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth Day of Septembers further contiiw-one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of ed tiiisept. *9, Parliament. *781*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of1 his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation, of Books reprinted abroad, andfr/l combo fed or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act, made 'in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books4 which Act was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven bury dred and thirty-nine, for the Spaeeiof seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;, and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad* and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts made in the twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, 3nd from thence to the End of then next Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage>; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, which was to be in Force from the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of three Years, shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Terjnxof-three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

further continued for three

Act 12 Geo. 2. prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, See,

and by 20/27,

Sc 33 Geo. 2.

7 Geo. 3. continued till Sept* *9* 1774.

farther continued till Sept* 29* 1781.

A a 6 Geo. 3. for allowing a Bounty on(he Exportation of British-made Cordage, &c. and by AA I. Geo. 3. was amended and continued. Years,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth Aa^Ooo.

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and r«l»ting to ti£ *Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force.for, five Years, of ra*w Hides from the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of from'Ireland, the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is nereby continued from the Expiration &c. further coo-thereof, for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of tinued forfirc Parliament. Vatu

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to much of two Acts made in the So much of twe fifth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the AOajaod 10

198 C. 86. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

C«o. 3. a* re- Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there, which was UtatoFeestf to be in Force from the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the Term of Cniiojns°iA two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an America, Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, further continued from the Expiration thereof, un-and which wtt til the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of byAct ia Geo. 3. the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expi-continued till nation thereof, until the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight* and from furthe/continn. thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

ed rill Aog. x,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the tenth Year of 1778. the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the further Rereading of the contagious Disorder among the Homed Cattle tn Great Britain, which was to continue in Force from the Commencement ^ntttiouiDiC* thereof, until the twenty»ninth Day of September* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from ordtramongthe thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Homed Cattle, twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, and by Ad until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence " to End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued,

&1774 from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and foithttcontinu- seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

cd till Sept. By,

XIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late *776* Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of the Customs%

AAiiOflOii, Excifty and Inland Duties, reciting. That great Quantities of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to 4 the Payment of Customs, Excite, or Salt Duty, are, by evil-disposed Persons, fraudulently landed in this Kingdom, and Goods pretended to be shipped outwards, intitled to a Drawback or Bounty, are fre- questly not shipped, or after the Shipping thereof relanded, whereby they become liable to several Penalties; but knowing themselves subject to be prosecuted for the said Offences, and that their fraudulent Practices may in Time be discovered, do frequently, before any Discovery can be made by the Officers of the Revenues, cause Informations to be entered and filed against themselves in some of the Courts at Westminster or Edinburgh, in the Name of some Person or Persons in his, her, or their Behalf; and if no Discovery be made of the said fraudulent Practices by the Officers of the Revenues, the said In- formations are never prosecuted; but in case the said Frauds are discovered by any Officer or Officers of the Revenues, who thereupon enter and file real Informations against such Offender and Offenders, then either some secret Agreement or Agreements is or are made by such Offender or Offenders with such Person or Persons who have filed or exhibited such Informations on the Behalf of such Offender or Often- ders, or else a Plea or Pleas of Priority of Suit is or are pleaded in bar of such real Informations prose- cuted by the Officers of the Revenues, whereby the said Offenders evade the several Penalties inflicted by Law, to the great Prejudice of the Crown, and also the Discouragement of real Prosecutions: For Prevention of which fraudulent Practices, it is by the said Act enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to enter, or cause or procure to be entered, filed, or prosecuted, any Information or Informations, in any of the said Courts, against any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties inflicted by any of the Laws of the Customs, Exrife, and the Duty upon Salt,

unless the same be entered, filed, and prosecuted, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of some or one of the aforesaid Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duty; and if any Information or Informations is or are entered in any other Persons Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the same, and all Proceedings thereupon had, are thereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts, where such Information or Informations is, are, or shall be so entered, filed, or prosecuted, shall not permit or suffer any Proceeding or Proceed-

ings to be had thereupon, and shall cause such Information or Informations to betaken off the File:. And whereas, since the passing of the said recited Act, various pecuniary Penalties have been inflicted

4 by several Acts of Parliament against Persons importing various Goods and Commodities, which are prohibited to be imported into or worn or used in this Kingdom, and against Persons working up such Goods, or selling or exposing the same to Sale, or for having such Goods in their Houses, Shops, Ware- houses, Custody, or Possession, for those Purposes, one Moiety of which Penalties are given by Law to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to any Person who will sue and prosecute for the same: And where- as there is reason to believe that several Prosecutions have been commenced for such Penalties by common Informers, who have, in conference thereof, extorted various Sums of Money from his Majesty's Subjects, and stopped such Prosecutions without any legal Authority, or accounting to his Majesty for any Part of the Money so received by them;' for preventing such Practices in future be it therefore «»a«fcer polling enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said herein-before in-«f this Act, to part recited Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, shall extend to Profc~ extend, and be deemed to extend, to the suing for, prosecuting, and recovering, of any Penalty or Pe-tieTfor°prohi- iia't*es inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament, now made, or hereafter to be made, for preventing the kited Goods,* Importation, Wear, or Use, of any prohibited Goods or Commodities whatsoever in this Kingdom, where Arc, his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, is, are, or may be intitled to any Part or Share of the Penalty or

Penalties thereby incurred; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. 199

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminsteri and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the improper and cruel Manner in which Cattle are driven from Smithfeld Market, within the City of London, through the Streets of the said City and Liberties thereof, the City of Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, has occasioned great Mischief, and endangered the Lives of c many of his Majesty's liege Subjects inhabiting therein for preventing whereof for the future, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the A«y PerfoBi passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons, who shall be hired or employed to drive any Cattle within [^odon^nd the said Cities of London or Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or the Bills of Mortality, shall, Westminster" by Negligence, or ill Usage, in the driving such Cattle, be the Means that any Mischief shall be done and being thej by such Cattle, or by any one or more of them, which shall be committed to his, her, or their Care 5 cause of Mif-or if any Driver or Drivers of Cattle within the Limits aforesaid, shall in anywise misbehave himself,

herself, or themselves, in the Driving, Care, or Management of any such Cattle, by the improper driv^ fuc"Cacti*; ingt treating, or using of such Cattle; then, and in any of the said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to or for any Constable, or other Peace Officer, upon View thereof, or Information of any Person or Persons (who shall declare, his, her, or their Name or Names, ConlhWc«to and Place or Places of Abode, to the said Constable, or other Peace Officer), to seize and fecufe, by the cure convey Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey such Offender or Offenders before feme Justice of the Peace of the said Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Bills of Mortality, and' 10 0 JU the Party or Parties accused being brought before such Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall be committed, such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall beconvifted of any such and, on Con vie-Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information, as aforesaid, he, she, or tion, by Confer* they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shil- lioo,&c.helwlI' lings, to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders 5 and if not€1* the Person or Persons so convicted shall refuse or not be able forthwith to pay the Sum forfeited, every such Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Person offending shall be convicted, be committed to the House of Correction, or some other or be committed Prison within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Liberties thereof, or within the Bills of Mortality, for one Month, within which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender shall be apprehended, there to oe <*publicly kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, or shall be publickly whipped, as such Justice whipPe4*

shall think fit and order.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Person or Persons giving such informer* ne-Information as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to attend, without some lawful Excuse, to be allowed by gie&ngtoat* the Justice, such Constable, or other Peace Officer, within the Space of six Hours from the Time of tend, to forfeit* making such Information, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, upon Proof being made on the Oath of not exceeding, such Constable or Peace Officer, that such Person had given such Information as aforesaid (which Oath pTi*1* the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, to such Constable or Peace Officer; and in case the same shall not, upon Demand being made by such Constable or Peace Officer, be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seat of such Justice.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for CowtofMsyor

the Time being shall have full Power and Authority to make, frame, and set down, in Writing, such rca- and Aldermeir sonable Rules, Orders, or Ordinances, for governing and regulating all Persons who shall drive any Cat- »®power«J to tie. Sheep, Calves, or Lambs, within the said Cities of London or Westminster, and Liberties thereof, or »n-

the Bills of Mortality, and to annex reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Rules, pindtieaT Orders, and Ordinances, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, for any one Offence

and such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, or any of them, from Time to Time to alter and amend*.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con- Notto abridge (trued to extend, to impower the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to ftiorten or abridge the Time the Market for keeping the said Market open; but that the same shall be kept open from the Hour of twelve of the Hows*

Clock at Night till the Hour of three of the Clock in the Afternoon on the several Market Days, and at

no other Hours, unless the said Court of Mayor and' Aldermen shall judge it proper to enlarge the Timr for keeping it open.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any one Justice of the Peace of the Powtrt of the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Bills of Mortality, within whose Jurisdiction any Offence Justice of Peace shall be committed, shall have Power to hear and determine, in a summary Way, Complaints of Offences of both Clues* that shall be committed contrary to any of the Rules, Orders, or Ordinances, at any Time hereafter to be made by the said Court of the Mayor and Aldermen in pursuance of this Act; and the said Justice or Justices, and each of them respectively within their respective Jurisdictions, is, and are hereby authorised, and required, upon View, or upon Complaint made on Oath to them respectively of any such Offence

200 C. 87. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Offenders concealing their Names, &c. to be committed to the House of Correction.

Abstracts hereof, &c, to be printed 3 and affixed up in conspicuous Places.

Justice* may in- ddrfe WaYrintt, and try Often-dets, or return them to the first Justice.

'*Jfo Person to,

suffer Punishment, if the Pro-fecution is not ttimtfitnced within 14 Days after committed.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next Cent- ral (Quarter Sessions.

committed within their respective Jurisdictions, contrary to such Rules, Orders, or Ordinances, within six Days after the Commission of any such Offence, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and deals, directed to such Constables, or other Peace Officer or Officers, the said Justice or Justice :, Gr any one of them, shall, from Time to Time, think fit, thereby requiring him or them ta apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said Justice or Justices, or any one of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, to answer the Matters of Complaint to be contained in such Warrant or Warrants: And if such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her, or their Confection, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices respectively, or any one of thenf, is and are hereby authorised and required to administer), it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or any one of them, to impose a Fine upon him, her, or them, for the said Offence, not exceeding the Penalty for Penalties which shall be inflicted in and by the said Rules, Orders, and Ordinances; and if the Person or Persons so convicted shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or one of them, in his or their respective Jurisdictions, immediately to commit the Person or Persons convicted to the House of Correction, or other rrifon within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices respectively, or any one of them, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, unless the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who shall be apprehended for having committed any Offence against this Act, shall refuse to discover his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to the Tuftioe or Justices before whom he, she, or they, shall be brought, such Person or Persons so refusing shall immediately be delivered over to a Constable, 6r other Peace Officer, and shall by him be conveyed to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for the Space of one Month, or until, he, she, or they, shall declare his, her [or their Name or Name*, and Place or Places of Abode to the said Justice, or to tome other Justice of the vPeace of the said County or Place.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Abstract of the several Provisiona and Penalties contained^ in this Act, and all such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, so to be made from Time to Time by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, shall, within fourteen Days after the xnakiitg of such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, be printed and affixed upon such of the most conspicuous Places within the said Cities of London 2xA Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality, in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper, and from Time to Time order.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice of the Peace, either before or after Conviction, as aforesaid, for any Offence Against this Act, or against such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, hereafter to be made, as aforesaid, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender, con-videdof any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, City, Liberty, Town, or Flace, than where the said Party wastoonvicted, or the Warrant of Distress granted, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, into which such Person '(ball escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such Conviction, and they, and every of them, are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand-writing of the said Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, and the same, when so indorsed, shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant; and the said Justices respectively, or any one of them, as the Case shall happen, after indorsing the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before the said Justices, or any one of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, proceed to hear and determine the Complaint in the same Manner as if it had originally arose within their respective Jurisdictions, or may direct the Offender to be carried to the Person who granted the said Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law;

IX. 'Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall suffer any Putt iflttnent for any Offence committed against this Act, unless the Prosecution for the same be commenced within fourteen Days after the Offence shall be committed; and that when any Person shall suffer Imprisonment pursuant to this Act, for any Offence contrary thereto, in Default of Payment of any Penalty hereby imposed, or shall hereafter be imposed, for the Breach of any of the Rules, Orders, and Ordf-nances, which shall or may be made by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, as aforesaid, such Person shall nor be liable afterwards to pay such Penalty.

X. Provided. aUb, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of any Justice of the Peace, upon account of any Offence committal, or fopposed to be committed, against this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County, City* or Place, where any such Conviction shall be made, the Person or Persons so, appealing first giving'Security in the Sum forfeited, before such Justice or Justices, in their respective Jurisdictions, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal, and giving fourteen Days Notice, in Writing, of such Intention to appeal to the Party or Parties on whose Prosecution such Conviction was founded, if there are so maijy Days between the Time of the Conviction and such General or Quarter Sessions, andrif there are not, then to the next

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 88. 201

subsequent General or Quarter Session which shall be held after any such Conviction; and the Justices, in the said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised to hear and determine every such Appeal, and to vnak^such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear to be just; and to cause to be levied, under the Order of any such Session, the Costs which shall be awarded, together with such Sum of Money as any such Court of Session, on the hearing any such Appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall refuse to pay such Costs and Sum of Money forfeited, or of the Person or Persons who shall have become Surety or Sureties for him, as aforesaid.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Order or Proceedings, to be made or had by or before No Order to fee eny Justice of the Peace by virtue of this Act, shall be ci tufted or vacated for Want of Form; and that vacated for Want the Order of the Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions within their several Jurisdictions, shall be

final; and that no Proceedings of any such Justices out of Session, or in their said General or Quarter Certiorari. Sessions, in pursuance of this Act, shall be removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise.

XII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act/ be it further Form of Co*-exuded, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons Ti^on* shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in v

the following Fotm of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case mall happen 5 (videlicet, J

'BE it remembered, That on the «; JD Lord

Day of in the Year of our

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Cities of London or Westminster, or the County of Middlesex, either on his own Confdfiqn, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (as the Case shall be)% by virtue of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality [specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the same ytas committed, as the Case shall beJr Given under-my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written/

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limitation of or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall be Actions. brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after every such Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, add tried, in the County, City, or Place, in which such Offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, General Mae. at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this AdAnd if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid.or brought.in any other County,

City, or Place tjian where the Offence shall have been committed; then, and in any of such cases, the Jury or Juries shall find for he Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or mall discontinue his Action or Actions, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Tre- Treble Costs. ble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

---

[The Act to continue for three Years.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Publick Act.]

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in America.

[Preamble.]

[Certain Duties imposed by His most Christian Majesty upon Rum, Brandy, etc. imported into Quebec,]

'WHEREAS certain Duties were imposed, by the Authority of his most Christian Majesty, upon Wine, Rum, Brandy, Eau de Vie de Liqueur, imported into the Province of Canada, now called the Province of Quebec, and also a Duty of three Pounds per Centum ad Valorem, upon all dry Goods imported into; and exported from, the said Province, which Duties subsisted at the Time of the Surrender of the said Province to your Majesty's Forces in the late War: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should cease and be discontinued; and that in Lieu and in Stead thereof, other Duties should be raised by the Authority of Parliament, for making a more adequate Provision for defraying the Charge of the Administration of Justice, and the Support of Civil Government in the said Province;' We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of she Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[after April 5, 1775, to be dis-]

That from and after the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, all the Duties which were

202 C. 88. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

[continued within the Province,]

imposed upon Rum, Brandy, Eau de Vie de Liqueur, within the said Province, and also of three Pounds per Centum ad Valorem, on dried Goods imported into, or exported from, the said Province, under the Authority of his most Christian Majesty, shall be, and are hereby discontinued;

[and in Stead of which the following Duties to be paid to his Majesty.]

and that in Lieu and in Stead thereof, there shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the respective Goods herein after mentioned, which shall be imported or brought into any Part of the said Province, over and above all other Duties now payable in the said Province, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

[The Rates.]

For every Gallon of Brandy, or other Spirits, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, Three-pence.

For every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be imported or brought from any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, Sixpence.

For every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be imported or brought from any other of His Majesty's Colonies or Dominions in America, Nine-pence.

For every Gallon of Foreign Brandy, or other Spirits, of Foreign Manufacture, imported or brought from Great Britain, One Shilling.

For every Gallon of Rum, or Spirits, of the Produce or Manufacture of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, not in the Possession or under the Dominion of His Majesty, imported from any other Place, except Great Britain, One Shilling.

For every Gallon of Molasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought into the said Province, in Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain or Ireland, or to His Majesty's Subjects in the said Province, Three-pence.

For every Gallon of Molasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought into the said Province, in any other Ships or Vessels, in which the same may be legally imported, Sixpence; and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively.

[Rates deemed Sterling Money of Great Britain;]

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates and Duties, charged by this Act, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, recovered, and paid, to the Amount of the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain;

[how they are to be levied, &c.]

and that such Monies may be received and taken according to the Proportion and Value of Five Shillings and Sixpence the Ounce in Silver; and that the said Duties, herein-before granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, except in such Cases where any Alteration is made by this Act, as any other Duties payable to His Majesty upon Goods imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America are or shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act;

[to whom they are to be paid,]

and that all the Monies that shall arise by the said Duties, (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same,) shall be paid by the Collector of His Majesty's Customs, into the Hands of His Majesty's Receiver-general in the said Province for the Time being, and shall be applied, in the first Place, in making a more certain and adequate Provision, towards defraying the Expences of the Administration of Justice, and of the Support of Civil Government, in the said Province; and that the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall be, and is or are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause such Money to be applied out of the said Produce of the said Duties, towards defraying the said Expences;

[and how to be applied.]

and that the Residue of the said Duties shall remain and be reserved in the Hands of the said Receiver-general, for the future Disposition of Parliament.

[Regulations with respect to Goods brought into the Province chargeable with the Duties before mentioned.]

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods chargeable with any of the said Duties herein-before mentioned shall be brought into the said Province by Land Carriage, the same shall pass and be carried through the Port of Saint John's near the River Sorrel; or if such Goods shall be brought into the said Province by any inland Navigation, other than upon the River Saint Lawrence, the same shall pass and be carried upon the said River Sorrel, by the said Port, and shall be there entered with, and the said respective Rates and Duties paid for the same, to such Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs as shall be there appointed for that Purpose; and if any such Goods coming by Land Carriage or inland Navigation, as aforesaid, shall pass by or beyond the said Place, before named, without Entry or Payment of the said Rates and Duties, or shall be brought into any Part of the said Province, by or through any other Place whatsoever, the said Goods shall be forfeited; and every Person who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the bringing or removing such Goods, or to whose Hands the same shall come, knowing that they were brought or removed contrary to this Act, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods, to be estimated and computed according to the best Price that each respective Commodity bears in the Town of Quebec, at the Time such Offence shall be committed; and all the Horses, Cattle, Boats, Vessels and other Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of such Goods, shall also be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, and prosecuted, as herein-after mentioned.

[Penalties and Forfeitures where to be prosecuted for, &c.]

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, shall be sued for and prosecuted in any Court of Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, having Jurisdiction within the said Province, and the same shall and may be recovered and divided in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, in all Respects, as other Penalties and

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 89. 203

Forfeitures for Offences against the Laws relating to the Customs and Trade of His Majesty's Colonies in America shall or may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and divided.

[Any Person keeping a House of publick Entertainment to pay 1l. 16s. for a Licence.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto His Majesty's Receiver-general of the said Province, for Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings, Sterling Money of Great Britain, for every Licence that shall be granted by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of the said Province, to any Person or Persons for keeping a House or any other Place of publick Entertainment, or for the retailing Wine, Brandy, Rum, or any other Spirituous Liquors, within the said Province;

[Penalty of 10l. for every Offence.]

and any Person keeping any such House or Place of Entertainment, or retailing any such Liquors without such Licence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof; One Moiety to such Person as shall inform or prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Province, for the Use of His Majesty.

[Not to make void French Revenues, &c. reserved at the Conquest.]

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discontinue, determine, or make void, any Part of the territorial or casual Revenues, Fines, Rents, or Profits whatsoever, which were reserved to, and belonged to, His most Christian Majesty, before and at the Time of the Conquest and Surrender thereof to His Majesty the King of Great Britain; but that the same, and every of them, shall remain and be continued to be levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing therein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

[In Suits brought pursuant to this Act,]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and if it shall appear to the Court or Judge where or before whom the same shall be tried, that such Action or Suit is brought for any Thing that was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants shall be indemnified and acquitted for the same;

[Defendants to have Treble Costs.]

and if such Defendant or Defendants shall be so acquitted; or if the Plaintiff shall discontinue such Action or Suit, such Court or Judge shall award to the Defendant or Defendants Treble Costs.

CAP. LXXXIX.

---

An Act to enable his Majesty to allow the Administrator, with the Wilt annexed, or other the personal Representative, of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, to sell ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on ten thousand Pounds East India Stock; and for applying the same as therein is mentioned.

WHEREAS Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, by his lift Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date fxnnhkb

the fourth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight,

bequeathed several pecuniary Legacies and Annuities for Life to several of his Relations, and direoed,

that the East India and South Sea Stock, which he should be possessed of at the Time of his Death, should not be transferred or altered by his Executor during the Life of Dame Elizabeth his Wife, but,

after her Death, he gave his said East India and South Sea Stock to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

King! 1 or Queens of England, to be applied to the Use of the Sinking Fund in such Manner as should be tfirc&ed by AA of rarliaraent; and all the rest and Residue of his Estate, both Real and Personal, he gave and devised unto Thomas Jekyll, John Jekyll, Joseph Jekyll, Edward Jekyll, Richard Blackett Jekyll, Mary Jekyll, and Hannah Jekyll, the Children of John Jekyll, late of New England, deceased,

and to Joseph Jekyll Grocer, the Son of Thomas Jekyll, and to Nicholas Roberts, Thomas Hefter, Trypbena Baldwin, and Tryphofa Sanders, and to their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, as Tenants in common; and he appointed the said Joseph Jekyll. one of the Children of the said John Jekyll, Execu- cutor of his Will: And whereas the said Sir Joseph Jekyll died soon after the Date of his said Will,

possessed of ten thousand Pounds East India Stock, and ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock, and leav- ing Elizabeth Kirkham, Dame Mary Blackett, Trypbena Lovell, Thomas Jekyll the elder, Richard Mart.

Francis^ Hill, Trypbena Russell, Mary Par fans, and Trypbena Hefter (all since deceased), his Nieces and Nephews, his next of kin; and the said Joseph Jekyll, the Executor, soon afterwards proved the firia Will in the Prerogative Court of the Archoilhop of Canterbury, and the said Dame Elizabeth Jekyll died feme Time in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-five: And whereas by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty ie allow te the residuary Legatees of Sir Tofepn Jekyll Knight, late Master of the Rolls, deceased. Part of the Legacy given by his trifl, to the use of the Sinking Fund), it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant or Order A under his or their Sign Manual, to permit the said Joseph Jekyll, the Executor, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to fell so much of the East India and South Sea Stock, devised as aforesaid, as would enable him or diem to raise, for the Benefit of the said residuary Legatees, the Sum of thirteen thou- fend five hundred and eighty-two Pounds nine Shillings and Two-pence; to be applied by him or them in the same Manner as the Real and Personal Estate of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll was, by his said Will,

drreded to be applied: And whereas, in pursuance of the said recited Act, his late Majesty did, by Warrant or Order, under his Sign Manual, impower the said Joseph Jekyll to fell the said South Sea Stock and East India Stock, and to apply thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty-two Pounds nine Shillings and 1wo-pence, Part of the Money arising by Sale of the said Stocks, for the Benefit of the

residuary Legatees of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, in the same Manner as his Real and Personal Estate

204 C. 89. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

was by his said Will directed to be applied 5 and to pay the Remainder of the Money arising by such Sale into the Exchequer* pursuant to the said Will; to be applied to the same Uses as the Sinking Fund was applicable; and thereupon the said Joseph Jekyll, soon afterwards, at several Times within the Month of October9 in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, did fell ten thousand Pounds East India Stock, then (landing in the Name of Sir Joseph Jekyll, at several Prices, amounting together (after a Deduction of Commission, and the Charges of the several Transfers), to the Sum of 1 4 fifteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-two Pounds fourteen Shillings, and applied the Sum of

thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty-two Pounds nine Shillings and Two-pence, Part of the said Sum of fifteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-two Pounds fourteen Shillings, for the Benefit of the said residuary Legatees, according to the Direction of the said recited Act of Parliament: And whereas the said Joseph Jekyll is dead, and Lady Anne Jekyll, Widow and Administratrix, with the Testamentary Schedule annexed, of the said Joseph Jekyll, is since also dead, after making her last Will and Testament in Writing, whereof (he appointed certain Executors; and the said Thomas Jekyll hath obtained Administration to the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, with his Will annexed, of his Goods unadministered by the said Jofeth Jekyll: And whereas in pursuance of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyll from a Debt due to his Majesty for the Use of the Sinking rundy upon Payment of the same into'

the Exchequer)y the Sum of two thousand two hundred and ninety rounds four Shillings and Ten-pence,

the Residue of the said Sum of fifteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-two Pounds fourteen ShiK a lings, has been paid by the Executors of the said Lady Anne Jekyll into the Receipt of his Majesty's

Exchequer: And whereas the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock is still standing in the Name of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, and all the Dividends accrued due thereon, from Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty-five (to which Time they were received by the said Joseph Jekyll, to the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, amounting to the Sum of ten thousand six hundred Pounds, still remain in the Hands of the South Sea Company; and the Dividends that

accrued due upon the said ten thousand Pounds East India Stock, from Midsummer one thousand feveft

hundred and forty-five (to which Time they were also received by the said Joseph Jekyll)y to Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and fortyrseven (soon after which Time the said ten thousand Pounds East India Stock was sold as aforesaid), amounting to the Sum of one thousand six hundred Pounds, stili

5 remain in the Hands of the East India Company, none of the said Surm, or any Rut of them, having as yet been appropriated by Parliament, or applied to the Use of she Sinking Fund: And whereas'ft is 14 apprehended, that the Motive to Sir Joseph Jekyll's bequeathing this Legacy to the Publick was, the Hope «4 of exciting others of Opulence to follow the Example; but, as in the Course of near forty Years this ;4 Expectation has not been answered in any Instance f therefore, we your Majesty's mostdutifuland

loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken the Premises into Consideration, do most humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual v: and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Uy Warrant tin* That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant or Order under der hi* Majes. his or their Sign Manual, to permit and allow the said Thomas Jekyll, the Administrator, or other the per»-tys sign Manual, fonal Representative of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, to fell and transfer the said ten thousand Pounds South Sea the Admini- f Stock, now Handing in the Name of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, and to receive the Money arising by such jo^ooooT^outh Sale, anc* to receive all Dividends due, and to grow due, on such South Sea Stock; as also to receive alL sd Sock, (land. Dividends due and unreceived upon the said ten thousand Pound East India Stock, so sold as aforesaid.

ing in the Name. of Sir Joseph. Jekyll;

Sign Manual

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sign Manual, when obtained,

to he inrolled shall be inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, and the Clerks of the Inrolments in the said

in Chancery. Com: are hereby required to inroll the same accordingly.

perfomiRepre- '

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the obtaining such Sign Manual, fentauve to and the Inrolment thereof, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Jekyll, and

transfer the other the personal Representative of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, to fell and transfer the said ten thousand

Sum, and re- pounc]s South Sea Stock, and to receive all Dividends due, and to grow due thereon; as also to receive doe* V1 Cn Dividends due upon the said ten thousand Pounds East India Stock* so sold as aforesaid: And the South Sea Company, and the East India Company, are hereby respectively directed and impowered to permit such Sale and Transfer of Stock, and Receipt of such Dividends, as aforesaid. toarife by'

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sums of Money as shall arise the Sale, howro. by Sale of the said ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock, together with all Dividends to be received as

be applied. aforesaid, as well upon the said South Sea Stock as upon the said East India Stock, shall be paid and ap.-

-plied by the said Thomas Jekyll, his Executors or Administrators, or other the personal Representative of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, in Manner following (that is to say); That one Moiety, or Half Part thereof shall be paid and applied unto and amongst the several residuary Legatees named in the Will of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, and their respective Executors and Administrators, in such Manner as the residuary Estate of the said Sir Jofeth Jekyll is by his said Will directed to be applied; and that the other Moiety, lor Half Part thereof, shall be paid and applied unto and amongst the Executors and Administrators of the said Elizabeth Kirkham, Dame Mary Blackett, Tryphena Lovell, Thomas Jekyll the elder, Richard Mart* Francis Hilly Tryphena Ruffe Iy Mary Parsons, and Tryphena Hesler respectively, in equal Shares and Proportions.

Charges of the

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges of obtaining and pafiine Ad 10 be paid *this Act of Parliament, and of all other Matters attending the Transfer, Receipt, and Application of all

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 90. 205

and every the Sums before mentioned, shall be paid by the said Thomas Jekyll, his Executors or Admin?- out of the first strators, or other the personal Representative of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, out of the Monies that shall be Monies to anse. received by him or them, under and by virtue of this Act, before any Payment and Application of such Monies, unto and amongst the Parties aforesaid, or any of them.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent *, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the well-ordering and regulating a proper and sufficient uniform Nightly Watch throughout the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, the several Parishes of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as well within as without the Liberties of the said City, and the Precinct of the Savoy; the united Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury; the united Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr; and the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the County of Middlesex, is of great Importance, and will tend to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and to prevent,

as well Mischiefs that may happen by Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and other Outrages and Disorders: And whereas no effectual Provision is, by any Laws now in being, made for the estabfishing, ordering, and well-governing, such Nightly Watch and Beadles, in some Parts of the said District, or for raising, levying, and collecting, any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges*

thereof, or for enforcing a due Application and Account of any Monies collected for the Purpose of keeping such Nightly Watch: And whereas it may tend to the better Security of the Inhabitants of the said District, if the Nightly Watch and Beadles were uniformly ordered and regulated throughout the Whole of the said District, and some further Provil&ons and Powers were made and given to the Managers of Directors of such Watch and Beadles than are or have been hitherto made and given to them: And whereas great Inconveniencies respecting the Nightly Watch, in some Parts of the said District, have arisen, and are likely hereafter to arise, from the Appointment of improper Persons to be Deputy

Constables therein, which might be prevented, if such Deputy Constables were to be approved by the Vestries of the respective Parishes, Precincts, and Places, for which such Deputy Constables are choseni and if the Constables and Headboroughs were compellable to observe necessary and proper Regulations,

during the respective Times of Watching: And whereas it has been found, by Experience, that the hiring Men to patrol the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within some Parts of the said District, has greatly contributed to the Security of the Inhabitants thereof :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefqnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Powers and Authorities for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, created, made, and given, to the Vestries of the several Parishes of Saint James and Saint George, Hanover Square, severally and respectively, in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the two Parishes of Saint James and Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster; and the Powers and Authorities for the like Purpose, created, made, and given, to the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for iheloetter regulating iW ‘Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the Cxtj of Westminster; and the Powers and Authorities for the like Purpose, created, made, and given, in and by another Act, also made and passed in the ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, to the Vestry of the said Parish for the Time being, and certain other Persons nominated, and to be nominated, by and in pursuance of the last mentioned Act;* the Powers and Authorities for the like Purpose, created, made, and given, ta the Vestries of the united Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelr/l, in and by an Act of Parliament also made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangel ill, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and the Powers and Authorities for sche like Purpose, treated,! made, and given, to the Vestry of the Patifti of Saint Anne, in and by an Act of Parliament' also made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulatting the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Pttrish of Saint Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Weft-J xninster; and the Powers and Authorities for the like Purpose, created, made, and given, to the Trusteesr elected and chosen, and to be elected and chosen, by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents,1 in the Parish of saint Andrew Holborn, in the CounU of Middlesex; and the Powers and Authorities for the like Purpose, created, made, and given, to the uireftors or Governors of the Nightly Watch and Beadles of the said Parish of Saint Clement Dams, nominated and appointed, and to be nominated and appointed, by virtue- and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing a regular and Nightly Watch, and for maintaining T regulatings and employing, the Pear within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of "

After passing of this Act, the Jtuthontiei fhr* regulating the Nightly Wfctch,* Act 8 Geo.

Fou* f

9 Gcu. it

Act 10 Geo.

206 C. 90. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

tinttt the reflective Times ap-

Trafteeiy Directors, &c. to set up substantial Watch-bora*'

Westminster, and County of Middlesex ;and the Powers and Authorities for the like Purpose, created, xna-de, and given, to the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said united Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars^ and Saint George the Martyr, nominated and elected, and to be nominated and Act 6 Geo. III. elected, by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the sixth Year of his pre-fen Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing% Ughtingy and watchings the Squares, Streets, Lonely ar\d other Places, within that Part of the Parish of oaint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in ttye/aid County (except only in such Cases and Particulars where the same are herein and hereby va~ re hereby con* riedy qlteredy or other wise enacted, provided, or directed); are hereby continued, and ft all and may be used ancj yaercised by such Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors, of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor, and other Persons within each and every of the said several and respective Parishes, Liberty, Precind:, and Places, in and for which they (Severally and respectively shall be Vestrymen, Truf-tP.es, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, or Governors and Directors of the Poor, as aforesaid, at jTucn Times, and in such Manner, as by the said several Acts of Parliament the said Powers and Authorities were and are severally and respectively authorised or directed to be used or exercised; and that in and for each and every the said several Parishes, Liberty, Precind, and Places, last mentioned^ the Number of Watchmen and Beadles, already appointed, shall and may continue for and during the Time for which they have been appointed, and until the several and respective Times, by each of the said several Acts of Parliament respectively limited for the Appointment of Watchmen and Beadles, and such Watchmen and Beadles shall and may be paid and allowed such Wages and Allowances as are and have been ordered and directed to be paid and given to them respectively; and that all Rules, Orders, and Regulations already ^oTnteiT^maie ma<*c> and now in Force, respecting the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the same Parishes, Liberty* L^aew Oriertl Pfecind, and Places relatively, (Hall continue and be in Force until the respective Times appointed or {Heeded by the said Acts respectively for making new Rules, Orders, and Regulations; and that all and every thp Rates aheady made for the Purposes of each and every of the said Acts respectively, stall continue and bp in Force, and be collected and levied by the Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the same are in and by such Acts respectively directed to be collected and leviedi any Thing herein-contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vestries* Trustees* Directors, or Governors of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor, and other Persons chosen, and to be chosen, as aforesaid, within their several and respective Parishes, Liberty* Precind, and Places respectively, from Time to Time, to set or fix up and place a sufficient Number of substantial Watch boxes, at and in such convenient Parts of each of their said several and respective Parishes, liberty, Precind, and Places, as they, or the Majority of so many of them as stall be assembled at any of their publick Meetings respectively, stall judge necessary or convenient; which Watch-boxes, so set or fixed up and placed, or any of them, stall not be takes down or removed by any Person or Persons, on any Pretence whatever, without the Order or Consent of the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, or Governors or Directors of the Poor, or the Majority of so many of them as shall be assembled at Come such publick Meeting.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break* takedown, or remove, damage, or destroy, any or either of such Watch-boxes, every Person so offending* being thereof convicted upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon his, ner, or their own Confettion, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex^ or the City and Liberty of Westminster% as the Case may be (which Oath such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), shall, for cverv such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, over and above the necessary Charges of replacing* repairing, or making good, such Watch-box or Watch-boxes, or any Damage done thereto, together alls with all such necessary Charges as aforesaid, to be ascertained before such Justice or Justices* inluch Manner as he or they stall think fit, and, in his or their Discretion* in that Behalf require.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, and they are hereby directed and required to meet together at the usual Place of Meeting for transeding the publick Business of the said Parish, on the second Wednesday after the passing of this Act, or within ten Days after, and annually afterwards, on the first Wednesday in Yaw, in every succeeding Year, or within ten Days then next following, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon (Notice of such Meeting being for that Purpose given in the Church of the said Parish, on the Sunday next preceding, immediately after Divine Service), and then and there, by the Majority of the Inhabitants present at such Meeting, to nominate and chuse twelve Inhabitants of the said Parish to be Trustees for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and other the Purposes of this Act, within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand: And that it shall and may be lawt-ful for the Inhabitants of the said Precind of the Savey9 and they are hereby directed and required to meet together at the ufua) Place of Meeting for transeding the publick Bufuieft of the said Precind, on the said second Wednesday, or within ten Days after, and annually afterwards on the first Wednesday in June% in every succeeding Year, or within ten Days then next following* between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon (Notice of every such Meeting being for the Purpose given in the Church or Chapel of the ^avoy9 on the Sunday next preceding, immediately after Divine Service), and then and there, by the Majority of the Inhabitants present at such Meeting, to nominate and chuse seven Inhabitants of the said Precind to be Trustees for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles* and other the Purposes of this Act, within the said Precind: And that the Vestrymen of both the said united Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fieldiy and Stunt Georgiy Bloomsbury, jointly, stall be Trustees for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles* and for other the Purposes of this Act* within the said united Parishes of Saint Giles

Ptmlty, if asy Person destroy ^he Witch-bo*, iioot exceeding 101,

be Gdet

Charge of replacing the m.

Twelve Trustees

when and by who* to be elected, vie. St. Actiy ie Strand j

Seven Trustees to be elc&ed for the Savoy Pie. ciafti

Vestrymen of

St. Giles,' and jbt George,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 207

in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury; which united Parishes last mentioned A all have and Sold alt Bloomsbury, to their Meetings for the executing the Powers and Purposes of this Act at the Vestry-room of the said Parish be Trttftecu of Saint Giles in the Fields, and mall, for the Purposes of this Act. and for every Thing to be done in pursuance thereof, act together, and shall be deemed and taken to be one Parish only.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees to be nominated and First Meeting of chosen in and for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, and the said Precinct of the Savoy, shall severally t['c Tmftees for assemble and meet together at the several usual Places of Meeting for transacting the public*: fiufiqcfs of the said Parito and Precinct; and the Vestrymen of the said united Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and beheld;

Saint George Bloomsbury, as Trustees, as aforesaid, shall assemble and* meet together at the Vestry-room of the said Parito of Saint Giles in the Fields, on the said second Wednesday after passing this Act, or within ten Days after, and annually afterwards on the first Wednesday in June, or within ten Days after, in every ensuing Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon; and the Vestrymen of the said united Pa riffles of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, Trustees, as aforesaid, and such Trustees to to be nominated and dvoferr in and for the said raritfl of Saint Mary le Strand, and the said Pre-clnfl of the Savoy, shall, at their said first, and other annual Meetings 5 and the Vestries of the said several Parishes of Saint James, Saint George Hanover Souare, and Saint Martin in the Fields; and the Vestry, and other Persons nominated, and to be nominated, in and for the said Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, the

Vestry of the (kid united Pantoes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, the Vestry of the said Parito of Saint Anne, the Trustees elected and chosen, and to be elected and chosen, in and for the said Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, the Directors or Governors of the Watch for the said Parito o f Saint Clement Danes, and the Governors and Direfiors of the Poor of the said united Parishes of Saint Andrew Hothom above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, shall alto assemble and meet together at the several Times in and by the herein-before mentioned or recited Acts respectively directed; and wt,0 trefoil every of them respectively shall then and there appoint what Number of Watchmen they shall judge necef- point« ruffle* fary to be kept and employed in each and every of their said Parishes, Liberty, Precind, and Places for Number of the Year then next ensuing, specifying particularly HoW many of such Watchmen are to have certain Beats ^f*hmcn and Stands, and at what Places, and how many of them are to patrol and have no certain Stands, under jnga w enu" the following Restrictions and Limitations; (that is to say,) In the said'united Parishes of Saint Margaret under the foU and Saintjohn the Evangelist, the Number of Watchmen having Beats and Stands to be forty, or more, lowing Reihic-and the watchmen to patrol to be fix, at the lead; and in and for the said Parito of Saint Martin in the t*a»i Fields, the Watchmen to have Stands and Beats to be forty, or more, and the Watchmen to patrol to be fix, at the leaftin the said Parito of Saint James, the Watchmen to have Stands and Beats to oe fifty, or more, and the Watchmen td patrol to be eight, at* the least v in the said Parito of Saint George Hanover Sfttare, the Watchmen to have Stands* or Beats to be sixty, or more, and the Watchmen to patrol to be eight, at the least; in the said Parito of Saint Anne, the Watchmen to have Stands and Beats to be twenty, or more, and the Watchmen to patrol to be four, at the lead; in the said Parito of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, the Watchmen to have Stands and Beats to be eighteen, or more, and the Watchmen to patrol to be four, at the least; in the Parish of Saint Clement Daws, as well within as without the Liberties of the said City, the Watchmen to have Stands and Beats, to be twenty or more* and the Watchmen to

Eatrol to be five, at the least; in the said Parito of Saint Marvle Strand, as welt, within as without the liberties of the (kid City, the Watchmen to have Stand* and' Beats to be not left than tw6, and one to patrol; and in the said Precinftof the Savoy to be one Watchman; in the said united Parishes of Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, the Watchmen to Have Stands and Beats, to be tfiirtyr or more, and the Watchmen to patrol to be fix, at the leafy; in the said united Parishes of Saint Andrew HUborn above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, the Watchmen to have Stands and Beats, to be thirty, or more, and the Watchmen to patrol to be fix, at the least; and in the said Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and( Ely Rents, the Watchmen to have Stands and Beats, to be twelve, or more, and the Watchmen to patrol to be two, at the least: And the said Trustees, Vestries, and other Person9 so met, shall then and there direct, and set down, in Writing, at what Places particularly the Stands or Watch-boxes shall be fixed or put, and the Extents, Limits, or Boundaries, of the several Beats of every such Watchmen and Patroles; and shall alto then and there, or attome other Meeting of the said Trustees,

Vefbles, or other Persons, to be held within fourteen Days then next following, nominate and appoint such Number of Beadles as toall-be kept within each of the said Parishes, Liberty, PrecimS, and Places, in proportion to the Extent of each respective Parito, Liberty, Precind, or Place, and to the Monies which can be raised therein, by the Rates to be made pursuant to the Directions of the said former Act, and of this Act; and shall alto nominate and chuse such honest and able-bodied Men to beemuloyed in the Offices of Btadles and Watchmen, as they shall find best qualified for the same; and alto shall and may order what Wages and Allowances are to be paid and given to the said Beadles, and to the said Watchmen respectively, as well Patroles as others, for their Services and Attendances, under and subject neverthdeft to the Limitations, and Restrictions, herein after expressed and directed; and also may and shall order and direct what Pound Rate toall be made for defraying the Charges and Expences of such nightly Watch and Beadles.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Wages of jnrery Watchman Prov5fo for g. appointed to patrol as aforesaid, shall not be less than one Shilling and Three-pence per Night, during such pointing the Time as he shall be employed, and that the Wages of every Watchman who shall be appointed to a otand Wages of or Beat, toall be regulated, so that such Wages shall not be less than eighteen Pounds five Shillings, in 'Watchmen, every Year and that the Wages of any of such Watchmen shall not be more than four Weeks in Arrear at any one Time.

[No Assessment to exceed 6d. per Pound in one Year.]

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Assessment or Assessments to be made in any one Year shall exceed Sixpence in the Pound, of the yearly Value of the Houses, Tenements,

208 C. 90. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Watchmen how to be armed and accommodated;

anji the Time when they are to do Duty,

Patrols sp-pointed j

and Payments how to be made.

When the Patrol Watchmen are to be employed*

5l. Penalty for assaulting a Watchman.

Constables Duty

ments, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, or other Buildings, to be assessed and charged by virtue of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said Watchmen, as well those who shall be appointed to patrol as those who shall have Stands and Beats, shall be furnished with a ' Rattle, and such other Accommodations, and shall be armed with a Staff, or such other Weapons or Arms, to be provided at the Expence of each of the said Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places, as the said Vef- t tries, Trustees, or other Persons authorised to put this Act, or the said former Acts, in Execution, (hatl ' direct; and that each Watchman to be appointed to a Stand or Beat shall provide himself a Lanthorn, to be numbered in such Part and Manner, as, from the Light within, may most effectually tend to make such Number distinguishable in the Night-time; and that each and every such Watchman, being appointed to a Beat or Stand, shall be, and appear, at his Stand every Night before the Hour of Ten, or such earlier1 Hour as the said yeftries, Trustees, Governors, or Directors, shall order, direct, and appoint; and shall keep Watch at his Stand, or in his Beat or Round, from the said Hour of Ten, or such earlier Hour as ' shall be so appointed, as aforesaid, until Five in the Morning, during all the Months of May, June, Jnfy9 and Angvji; and from Ten, or such earlier Hour as shall be so appointed, as aforesaid, in the Evening, until Six in the Morning, during all the Months of September, October, March, and April \ and from the Hour of Ten in the Evening, or such earlier Hour as shall be so appointed, as aforesaid, until Seven in the Morning, during all the Months of November, December, January, and February; and every such Watchman shall appear and be it the Watch-house belonging to each respective Parish, Liberty, Precinct, and Place, at lead Half an Hour before he is to be at his Stand, to receive his Rattle and Arms, or bther, Accommodations, and shall return to the Watch-house the next Morning, wh^n the Time for his keep-ing Watch is expired, to the End that both at Night and Morning his Name may be called over, and the Condition of his Arms, Rattle, and Lanthorn, may be examined by the Constable or Beadle of the ' Watch, or-other Person to be appointed for that Purpose; and that each and every* the Watchmen, who shall be appointed to patrol, shall appear at, and shall set out from, the Watch-house of the Parish, Pre- \ cindl, or Place, rrt and for which he is employed, in the Evening of the first Day of October, and every Evening afterwards, until and upon the last Day of Aprils in every Year, at Eleven of the Clock, and shall (not singly, but two together, and not more) patrol the whole of the said Parish, Liberty, Precind, p or Place, or such Parts or Divisions thereof as shall be directed and appointed in each respective Parish, Liberty, or Place, where two or more Patroles are directed continually from that Hour, until Six of the Clock in the Morning, during the whole of the several Months of December, January, and February, and until Five of the Clock in the Morning, during the several Months of October, November, March, and April, and until Four of the Clock in the Morning, during all or so much of the other Months as such Patrol Watchmen respectively shall be employed,

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Watchmen appointed to patrol the said Parish bf Saint Mary le Strand, shall, in Company, and together with one of the Watchmen appointed to 1 patrol the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, patrol the whole of said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, and the Precind of the Savoy, and such Part of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes as lies Weft ward of the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, and of the said Precind of the Savoy; and that the Trustees for the Watch to be nominated and chosen for the said Precind of the Savoy shall, and they are hereby autho- 1 rtfed, directed, and required, from Time to Time, to bear and pay to the Directors or Governors of the nightly Watch and Beadles of the said!Parish of Saint Clement Danes for the Time being, or to such Person as shall be by them appointed to receive the same, one-fifth Part of the Wages and Charges of such Watchman of the said Parirn of Saint Clement Danes, so to patrol in Company with the Watchman of the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand; and shall also pay to the Trustees for the Watch to be nominated and chosen for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, or to fujeh Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, one-fifth Part of the Wages and Charges of such Watchman, so to patrol in Company with the Watchman of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes.

X. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That the said Vestries, Trustees, br other Persons, or any of them, are not required, nor shall be compellable, to employ any such Patrol Watchmen for any other Parts of any Year than daring the several Months of October, November, December, January, February, March, and April, and within the said Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, during the several Months of November, December, January, and February, only.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault or resist any Watchman whilst in the Execution of his Office, or shall promote or encourage the same; every such Person shall, for every such Offence,* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five rounds

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constables appointed, and to be appointed in and for the said Parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, shall watch in the Watch-houses of the said Parishes, as well within as without the Limits of the Duchy of Lancaster, alternately, and by Turns, in a Rotation, to be settled by the said Directors or Governors of the Watch for the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and the Trustees to be chosen in and for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, as aforesaid, jointly, at some Meeting of the said Directors or Governors and Trustees, to be held for the Purposes of this Act, and as if such Constables were or had been chosen Constables for all Parts of both the said Parishes; and all and every such Constables, in the said Watch-houses, and in each and every other of the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, subjected to the Powers of this Act (the Precinct of the Savoy only excepted), each and every of the Constables and Headboroughs shall watch, in the Watch-house of the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, in and for which he shall serve as Constable or Headborough, alternately and by Turns, in a Rotation, to be settled and ascertained by the said Vestries, [ Trustees, or other Persons aforesaid, and shall continue so to do throughout the Year, during all the Hours herein and hereby appointed, for the Watchmen having Stands or Beats to watch and continue on Duty;

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 90.

and shall take Charge, and dispose of, according to Law, all such Persons as shall be brought before such Constables or Ht*adborou*hs, by any of the Watchmen or Beadles, in Manner herein and hereby di-

TC&ed.

XIII. And, for the more easy ascertaining and settling the Rotation, or Turns, in which such Confta- Lift nf th: Con*

bles and Headboroughs are to watch as aforesaid,' be it enacted, That the High Constable for the City to be

and Liberty of Westminster for the Time being, and the High Constable for Holborn Division, in the County of Mid lief ex, for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby required, within four Days next

after the Appointment of Constables and Headboroughs in and for the several Parishrs, Liberty, hiccindi, and Places, reflectively included in this Act, within their respective Districh, to make and ter irn to the Vestry Cleric of each of the said Parishes, Liberty, Piecing, and Places, a true Lift of the Constables and Headboroughs so appointed for such ParHh, Liberty, Precir.ft, or Place respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Watchman (orher thin and Truckman* except such as are appointed to patrol) shall, every Night, twice in every Hour, during his whole Tims Cuty.

of watching, go round his Walk or Bear, and loudly, and as audibly as he can, call or proclaim the Time

of the Night or Morning; and every such Watchman, and every other Watchman appointed to patrol,

as aforesaid, shall carefully observe and try whether the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Bandings,

in his respective Beat or Walk, are safe and well secured; and in case he shall discover and perceive, that

any Doors, Shutters, Windows, or other Parts of any such House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, shall not be shut and fastened, he shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Occupier, or other Person or Persons inhabiting or being the rein, to the End every such Door, Shutter, Window, or other Part of such

Building, may be properly secured, and shall give his best Assistance in or toward securing the same; and

each of the said Watchmen, as well Patroles as others, and every Beadle, shall, during his respective Time

of watching, to the utmost of his Power, endeavour to prevent, as well all Mischiefs happening by Fire,

as all Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, and other Outrages and Disorders; and, to that End,

during the Time of watching, each and every of them shall and may, and is hereby authorised and impow-

<d, to arrest and apprehend all Night-walkers, Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and other loose, idle,

and disorderly Persons, whom he shall find within his Beat or Walk, or within any Part of such Paiiih,

Liberty, Precintft, or Place, for which he shall be Watchman, Patrolman, or Beadle, disturbing the publick Peace, or that he shall have Cause to suspect of any evil Designs, and all Persons lying ci loitering in any Square, Street, Court, Lane, Mews, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place; and to deliver the Person or Persons, so apprehended, as soon as conveniently may be, to the Constable or Headborough of the Night, at the Watch-house, in order that such Person or Persons may be there, or in some proper Place of Safety, secured and detained, until he, she, or they, can be conveniently conveyed before some or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the tafe shall be, to be dealt with according to Law.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any one or more of the said Watchmen to Watchmen shall want any Assistance to enable him or them to perform any Part of the Duty herein and ca£h °ih*r hereby required to be by him or them done; then, and in every such Case, any other of the Watchmen *ncaCQ icem of the same, or any adjoining Parish, Precinct, or Place, having Knowledge or Notice thereof by the.

Rattle, or other Signal, Outcry, or otherwise, shall and may, and is hereby required, immediately to ie-pair to and assist such Watchman or Watchmen wanting Assistance, by the Best Ways and Means in his or their Power, and as the Case may require; but that no Watchman, during the Time of keeping Watch, as aforesaid, shall be absent from his particular Stand, Beat, or Walk, on any Pretence whatever, except on some such Occasion or Occasions as is or are above expressed, nor longer, on any other Occasion as before expressed, than the Necessity of the Case shall require; nor shall go into any Ale-house, or other Publick-house, during the aforesaid Times of watching, unless called there to or on account of an Affray,

Breach of the Peace, or of the apprehending some Malefactor or disorderly Person.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one or more Beadle or Beadles, on BeaoJe* to patrol every Night of his and their watching, shall, twice, or oftener, go and patrol in and through all the *hl0U*h Squares, Streets, and Places, in the Parish, Liberty, or Precinct, in which he shall watch, and shall fee Mrcc tr| laceg* to the Behaviour of the Patroles and other Watchmen; and shall, twice, or oftener, in every such Night

of watching, make true and just Returns and Reports to the Constable, Headborough of the Night, or to such other Person as shall be appointed to receive the same, of all Misbehaviours and Neg lefts of Duty (if any) of such Watchmen, as well Patroles as others, who shall be found negligent or remits in the Duty of watching, or misbehaving in any Manner howsoever; and such Returns or Report* fh.ill enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book or Books to be kept at the Watch-house for tint Purposa, by such Beadle or Beadles, or other Person, to be appointed to keep and take Care of the same; and that each and every of the said Patroles shall also, twice, or oftener, in every Night, watch and fee to the Behaviour of the other Watchmen, and shall make true and just Returns or Reports to the Constable, Headborough, Beadle of the Night, or to such other Person as shall be appointed to receive the same, of all Neglect of Duly, or other Misbehaviour (if any) of all the Watchmen; and shall enter, or cause to be entered, inch Returns or Reports in the said Book or Books; which Book or Books shall be laid before the said Veftii s, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, and Governors and Directors of the Poor for the Time being, and before the Committee, and to be appointed, as herein directed, at every of their Meetings, to the End all such Neglects of Duty and Misbehaviours may be enquired into and punished pursuant to the Powers of the said former Acts, and of this Act.

XVII. And, for the more general Knowledge of the Residence of the Turncocks of the several Water Tumcock*

Companies, which very materially concerns the publick bafety in Cases of Fire be it enacted, That Do:7*

*very of the said Turncocks employed within the Limits of this Act, shall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen Days after the passing the same Act, to deliver, in Writingi to some or one of the Constables

210 C. 90. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Penalty on Meg. left of Confla. klc.c, See,

Penalty on Watchmen neg-lecting their Duty.

Penalty on Victuallers, or Publick House-Keepers, harbouring Watch* men; or Constables making Default of Watching.

Forfeitures how to be Ictitsi and allied.

For want of D'.f-trels Offenders to be committee.

Form of Conviction.

(tables or Headboroughs of each and every the said Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places respectively, wherein any Part of his Duty as a Turncock shall or ought to be performed, an Account of his Name and Place of Abode, together with the Names of the Streets and Places within his Duty, from Time to Time, to supply with Water; which Name and Place of Abode, and other Particulars, every such Constable or Headborough shall forthwith cause to be written, printed, or painted, in a plain and intelligent Manner, and affixed in some conspicuous Part of the Watch-house, and in every Watch-box of and within such Parish, Liberty, Precinct, and Place respectively; and that, on every Removal or Change of Residence, or Place or Places of Duty, of such respective Turncocks, every of such Turncocks shall severally forthwith give Notice, and deliver an Account, in Writing, of his and their new Residence or Abode, and new Duty, and such other Particulars as aforesaid, to a Constable or Headborough of each and every the Pa-riffles, Liberty, Precinct, and Places, wherein such his Duty, or any Part thereof as a Turncock shall or ought to be performed as aforesaid; every of which Constables or Headboroughs shall, and he i$ hereby required to cause the same to be either in Writing, Printing, or Painting, affixed in Manner aforesaid, in the Watch -house, and in every Watch-box of and within the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, and Place, for which he shall be a Constable or Headborough, and so in like Manner, as often as such Changes of Residence and Duty respectively shall from Time to Time happen; and in case of the Death or Discharge of any such Turncock or Turncocks, every succeeding Turncock shall, in all Respects, observe and conform himfclfand themselves to the foregoing Rules, Orders, and Regulations: And if any Constable, Head-borough, or Turncock, shall neglect his Duty, as directed and required by this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully remove or obliterate any such Writing, Printing, or Painting, as aforesaid, except on such Change of Residence, Death, or Discharge, as aforesaid, such Constable or Headborough, Turncock or other Person or Persons, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings; to be recovered before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Watchmen shall misbehave himself, or shall neglect his Duty, upon Complaint thereof made to the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors, of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor, at any of their Meetings, or to the Committees to be appointed as herein directed at any of their Meetings, every Watchman so misbehaving or neglecting shall, for every such Misbehaviour or Neglect, forfeit such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors, of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor, or the Majority of them, or the said Committees, or the Majority of them, at any such Meeting assembled, shall adjudge and think fit to exact and require, not exceeding ten Shillings, to be retained and deducted out of the Wages then due, or to become due, to such Watchman.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Victualler, or Keeper of any Publick-house or Cellar, shall knowingly harbour or entertain, or permit any Watchman having a Stand, or appointed to patrol, to abide or remain in his or her House or Cellar during any Part of the Hours or Times of watching herein and hereby appointed; or if any Constable or Headborough shall make Default of watching, and shall not watch and abide in the Watch-house during all the Hours and Times hereby directed and appointed for keeping Watch, every such Victualler, or Keeper of any Publick-house or Cellar, being convicted by his or her own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, of knowingly harbouring and entertaining, or permitting any such Watchman so to abide or remain; and every such Constable or Headborough making such Default of watching, as aforesaid, being thereof convicted by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Weshninjlery as the Case shall be (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay the pecuniary Forfeitures bcrcin-after expressl d and directed 5 that is to say. Every such Victualler, or Keeper of a Publick-house or Cellar, for the first Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the second Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every subsequent Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and every such Constable shall forfeit and pay for every such Default of watching, or Absence from the Watch-house, any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings.

XX. And ft is hereby further enacted, That all and every the pecuniary Forfeiture and Forfeitures, which shall be incurred or become payable for any Offence or Offences against this Act, or any of the said former Acts, shall and may be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or the said City and Liberty of Westminster, to be directed to any Constable or Headborough of the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, wherein each and every such Offence or Offences was or were committed, for which the Forfeiture or Forfeitures was or were incurred; and shall, when levied, be paid to the Collector or Collectors of the Rate or Rates to be made determined by virtue and in pursuance of the said former Acts, and of this Act, and be applied to the same Uses as the Monies to be collected by or upon such Rate and Rates are to be applied, in the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, wherein each and every the Offences aforesaid shall have been committed: And in case of no sufficient Distrtfs, whereby to levy the Penalties, or any or either of them, inflicted by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices respectively, before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, to hard Labour, for such Time not exceeding three Months, as such Justice or Justices, in his or their Discretion, shall think fir.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such, respectiie Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the EfftCi following; that is to say,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 90. 211

To wit, BE it remembered, That on this Day in the Year

J 4 JJ of the Reign of A.B. (appearings or being duly fumtnoned and not ap~

pearings) is convicted before of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said

4 County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, (as the Case shall happen to be) 4 of and do adjudge him, (her, or them, as the Case shall be) to pay and

forfeit for the same the Sum of being the tirll, (second, or third) Offence, (as

the Case shall be.)

4 Given under Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, (as the Case may be) the Day and

4 Year aforesaid/

And the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same so drawn up, in Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Sessions; and in case any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be convicted of any or either of the Offences punishable by this Act, or any or either of the said former Acts, shall conceive him, her, or themselves, to be aggrieved by such Conviction, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons respectively, and he, she, or they, shall and may appeal to any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, within three calendar Months next after every such Conviction, giving unto the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be, ten Days Notice, at the least, of his, her, or their Intention to prefer such Appeal, and on every such Appeal, the Justices in such General or Quarter Session, or in any subsequent General or Quarter Session for the said County, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to proceed to the Hearing and final Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs to be paid by and to either Party, as they in their Discretion shall think fit; which said Order shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties 5 and such Appeal, or the Subject-matter thereof, or any Order therein, shall not be removed by a Writ or Writs of Certiorari, or otherwise.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to the Conviction of any Evidenceofa fia-Person or Persons of any Neglect, Refusal, Misbehaviour, or Offence, by or for which by Force or Virtue §,c Parishioner of any of the said former Acts, or this Act, any Forfeiture or Penalty shall or may be incurred, the Evidence 10 bcadmiUed* and Testimony of any Parishioner or Inhabitant of the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, wherein such Neglect, Refusal, Misbehaviour, Offence, or Cause of Forfeiture or Penalty arose, shall be admitted, notwithstanding such Parishioner or Inhabitant shall and may be assessed, and contribute to the Rates to be made pursuant to the said former Acts, or this Act, or other parochial Rates or Taxes whatever; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And, for the more effectually preventing the Appointment of improper Persons to be Deputy None but a 4 Constables within the City and Liberty of Westminsterf be it enacted, That from and after the passing of HousehoWer tm this Act, no Person whatever shall be appointed a Deputy Constable in and for the said City of Westminster, conftTbic^a* or Liberty {hereof, who shall not, at the Time of such Appointment, be an Householder, and Resident in Westminster. the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, for which he shall be appointed, and who shall not produce a Certificate, or Testimonial, in Writing, signed by the Churchwarden or Chapelwarden of such Parish,

Liberty, Precinct, or Place, signifying that he hath been approved at some Vestry, or other publick Meeting of the Inhabitants, having a Right to assemble in Vestry in such Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, in and for which such Person shall be so appointed a Deputy Constable.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Vestrymen of the said Parishes of Power of th» Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, jointly, as one Vestry, or any seven or more of Vestrymen an* them, in and for the whole of the said united Parishes, and the Trustees to be elected and chosen as afore- Trustee,i said in and for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, or any five or more of them, and the Trustees to be elected and chosen as aforesaid in and for the said Precinct of the Savoy, or any three or more of them, in and for the said Parishes and Precinct, severally and respectively, shall and may, and are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to use and exercise the same or like Powers, to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be observed by the Constables, Headboroughs, Beadles, and Watchmen, and to cause Copies or Transcripts of all such their Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be written or printed, and signed by the Vestry Clerk of the said several Parishes and Precinct respectively, and delivered to such Person and Persons respectively, and to make and sign Assessments on such Persons, and to be allowed in the same Manner, and to appoint such Collector and Collectors thereof, and to order Payment of any Monies in the Hands of any Collector or Collectors, and to apply, or direct the Application of Monies, levied, raised, or collected, upon or by virtue of any Rate or Rates so to be made, and the Surplus Money collected on any Rate or Rates, to carry on and apply, and to carry on the Deficiency of any Rate or Rates; and to cause to be kept such Books of Account of the total Sums a Helled, collected, and received, and of all Monies paid and disbursed for or any way concerning the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and Charges incident thereto, and to do, perform, and execute, all such other Powers, Authorities, and Matters, and Things, about and concerning the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and the afllfling, raising, levying, and collecting Monies to defray and discharge the ncrelVary and reasonable Clvirges thereof, within-their several and respective Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Blocrrsbury, and Saint'

Mary le Strand, and the said Precinct of the Savoy, as the Trustees elected and chosen, and to be elected and chosen, by virtue and in purfur.ncc of the said Statute of the tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, or any seven or more of them, are by the said Statute, and this present Act, impowered or required to ui'c and exercise, nominate or appoint, make and sign, order or direct, do, perform, and execute, in and for the said Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, at such Time and Times, and in the same or like Manner, and as fully and eft'edtually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers and Authorities

212 C. 90. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774

‘Directors and Governors of the Watch to meet annually, or ofieacr j

and to make Rules and Order!.

Trustees to appoint Collectors; and allow them 6 d. per Pound.

Collectors to find Security.

Trecntors of

CoikCtors to deliver np Papers, &c. on pain of iorfeiiini 501.

Ore in;

U-fell me i»!;.

Goods of Loci-£ers in any

rities thereby enacted and given to the said Trustees elected and chosen, and to be elected and chosen, in-and for the last-mentioned Liberty, were herein expressed, enacted, and given, to the said Vestrymen for the said united Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, to be by them, or any seven or more of them, used and exercised in their said united Parishes, and to the Trustees, to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, in and for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, to be by them, or any five or more of them, and to the Trustees to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, in and for the said Precinct of the Savoy, to be by them, or any three or more of them, used and exercised within the said Parish of Saint Mary k Strand and the said Precinct of the Savoy respectively.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors or Governors of the Watch for the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes> and the Trustees to be elected and chosen in and for the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, if they, or ther Majority of them, shall agree and so think fit, to assemble and meet together, attended by the Vestry Clerks of both the said Parishes, annually or oftener, in the Vestry-room of the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, by general Summons of the Whole of them, or other Notice, to be agreed upon at the Time or Times in and by the said Statute of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, appointed for the making general Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Government of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes; and the said Directors, or Governors and Trustees, or the major Part of them, so assembled, may and shall, if they shall so think fit, join together, and, as one Body, make and set down, in Writing, such and the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be observed by the Constables, and by tke Nightly Watch and Beadles of and in both the said Parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, as well all such I arts thereof as are and lie in the Duchy of Lancaster, i;i the County of Middlesex, as in the Liberty of Westminster, during their respective Times of watching, as at every such Meeting shall be agreed gpon by the major Part of such Directors, or Governors, and Trustees, then and there assembled; and to cause Copies or Transcripts of such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be fairly written or printed, and signed by both the said Vestry Clerks, to be delivered to the Constables and Beadles of the said Parishes.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vestries, Trustees, or other Persons, authorised to exercise the Powers of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, or any Number of them, hereby, or by any of the said former Acts, impowered, are hereby authorised and required to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors of any Rate or Rates, or any Part or Parts of such Rate or Rates; and by or out of the Rates or Assessments, to be made and collected as aforesaid, to make such Allowance or Allowances to such Collector or Collectors respectively, for his or their Trouble in collecting the Hme, as they shall think fit, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, of the clear neat Monies collediecK by such Collector or Collcdkus.

XXVII. Provided, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every such Collector who shall accept, or agree to accept, any Allowance for collecting any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall £ive Security by Bond, with two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Penalty, to three or more of the Vestry, Trustees, Directors, or Governors, or other Persons hereby or by the said former Acts authorised to execute the Powers of this Act, and of the said former Acts respectively, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, well and faithfully to account for and pay the Monies by them collected, or otherwise received, to such Person or Persons as the said Vestries, Trustees, or other Persons, authorised as aforesaid, or a Majority of them, assembled at any of their Meetings, shall authorise and direct to receive the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, appointed to receive or collect any Money by virtue of this Act, or any of the said former Acts, shall die, before he shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Monies by him received by virtue of this Act, or any of the said former Acts; then, and in every such Case, the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, of every such Person so dying as aforesaid, shall, within forty Days after they shall be required so to do, deliver up to the said Vestries, Trustees, or other Person authorised by them to receive the tame, all Rates, Assessments* Books, Papers, and all other Things concerning his said Office, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above what shall be in his Hands, on refusing or neglecting to deliver the same within the Time before mentioned; which said Penalty shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, so refuting and neglecting; and shall also pay to such Person or Persons as the said Vestries, Trustees, or other Persons, authorised as aforesaid, shall appoint to receive the same, all such Sums of Money remaining due, which he received by virtue of his said Office at the Time of his Death; and the Receipt or Receipts of the fi d Vestries, Trustees, or other Persons authorised to receive the same, shall be a good Dftcharge for the said Money.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any House or Tenement shall be occupied in dif-r ft j\nt Apartments, Rooms, or Lodgings, by distinct and fepa, ate Families, Lodgers, or Inmates, anyone or more of such Lodgers or Inmates, or any one of any such Families, or the Landlord or Owner of such Iicu'.i* or Tenement, shall be charged with the whole Assessment or Ash-ffments to be rated and assessed on the said House or Tenement; and, in calc of Nonpayment, the Sum so to be a fie fled shall and may be levied and recovered upon, from, or against, such Landlord or Owner, or any one or more of the Inhabit nvs or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such House or Tenement, in the same or like Manner as other L-c.s cr Sums to be ailelied by the Afihflment and Assessments directed by this A cl, or any of the said t n\nr Act*.., to be made, or herein or in and by the said former Acts appointed to be levied and reco-\ c r a \

XX a. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Goods and Chattels of every Peril, n, being in any House let furniftud, or any separate Apartment, Room, or Lodging, in any House

let

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 90. 913

ct ready furnished, or let to several Families or Tenants within the said Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places respectively, shall be liable to be distrained, taken, and fold, in the Manner herein directed for the Payment of the Assessment or Assessments to be made by the Authority of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act; and that each and every Person and Persons who shall pay any such Afllflinent or Assessments, whether the same shall have been charged to or on the Person paying the same, or to or on any other Tenant or Occupier of any separate Apartment, Room, or Lodging, Part of such House, or on the Landlord or Landlords of such House, or any Person upon whose Goods or Chattels such Assessment or Assessments. shall be levied in pursuance of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the Rent due and payable, from Time to Time, to his or her Landlord or Landlords; and every Receipt for the Payment of such Assessment or Assessments shall be a fufbeient Discharge from and against such Landlord or Landlords for so much Money in Part, or on account of Rent, as shall have been so paid or levied on his or her Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act, or of any of the said former Aas.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Rate, Tax, or Assessment, which shall be made or imposed by virtue of this Act, or of any of the said former Acts, on any Person or Persons, for or in respect of any House or Tenement in which any Ambiflador, Resident, Agent, or publick Minister, of any foreign Prince or State, or any Officer or Servant of any Ambassador, Resident, Agent, or Minister, of any foreign Prince or State, who now doth or hereafter shall inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the Landlord, Lessee, or Owner of such House or Tenement, who shall be fub-jeet and liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as if he, she, or they, had been the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and actually named and assessed in such Rate or Assessment; and such Tax, Rate, or Assessment, and every other Tax, Rate, or Assessment, to which any Landlord or Owner of any House or other Tenement is by this Act, or any of the said former Acts made liable to bear or pay j. and also every Tax, Rate, or Assessment, which shall be assessed on any Person or Persons chargeable by any of the said former Acts, or this Act, who after the making such Assessment, shall move out of the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, for which such Rate or Assessment hath been or shall be made, leaving the Sum or Sums so assessed in Arrear and unpaid, shall and may be levied by the Collector or Collectors thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Landlord, Lessee, or Owner, or other Person or Persons assessed as last aforesaid, wherever such Goods or Chattels may be, or can or shall be found, in Manner herein after directed.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall be charged, rated, or assessed, or by this Act subjected or made liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum so rated and assessed upon him, her, or them, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors of such Rate or Rates, A diffluent or Assessments, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be, inhabiting in or near the said several Paruhes, Liberty, or Precinct respectively, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of t* e Goods of the Party so neglecting or refusing, rendering to him, her, or them, the Overplus (if any be), the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale oeing first deducted.

XXXIII. And, for the more effectual getting in and receiving the Monies to be assessed by virtue of this Act, or any of the said former Acts/ be it enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons assessed, and refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, may, under and by virtue of such Warrant, as aforesaid, be taken and distrained, not only within the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, for which such Assessmeny was made, but in any other Place within the said County of Middlefeor City and Liberty of Westminster% as the Case dial) be; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found wuhin the said County, then on Oath made thereof, and of the signing of such Warrant before any Justice of the Peace, for any other County, City, Riding, Division, or Liberty, (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand of such Justice, by Indorsement on the said Warrant) the Goods and Chattels of such Person and Persons as aforesaid shall and may, by such Collector, under and by virtue of such Warrant and Indorsement thereof, as aforesaid, be taken and distrained, in such other County, City, Riding, Division, or Liberty, and folJ for Satisfaction of the Monies so refused or neglected to be paid as aforesaid, and all reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, in the same or like Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, and with like Application of the Surplus (if any), as if such Goods and Chattels had been found, taken, and distrained, within the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, in and for which such Rate or Assessment was made.

XXXIV. And whereas Persons frequently remove out of Parishes and Places without paying the Rates addled on them, and other Persons do enter and occupy their Houses or Tenements, Part of the Year, 4 by reason of which great Sums are annually loft to such Parishes and Places / be it therefore enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall come into, or occupy any House, Land, Warehouse, Wharf, Tenement, or Hereditament, out of or from which any other Person assessed shall have removed, or which at the Time of making such Rate was empty and unoccupied; that then, every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the lame, shall respectively be liable to pay, and shall pay, to much of the said Assessment as shall be in proportion to the Time he, she, or they, shall respectively inhabit or occupy the Premises so afLfied, in the same or like Manner, and with and under the same or like Powers of Distress, fer Recovery thereof, as is or are herein-before given, directed, or contained, in common Cales of Nonpayment of such Rates or Assessments; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be ascertained by any two or more of his M a jo fly's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlefeor City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case may be.

Hauie liable to be di drained.

A IK Aments on

Houses, cccu^ pied by Amb-iffadoxs, &c to be paid by the Landlords.

Goods to be distrained, when Persons xrfufe to pay the Sum rated.

O.'od* may he distrainen any where w.thm the County of or

Ciiy ot Wei-minder.

Persons moving from,

and those entering into Housei, to pay proportionable Rates.

214

No Person by being chosen a Patrol or Watch-man to gain a Settlement$ and no menial Servant so be chosen Beadle, &c.

Pet/oni appointed to receive the Rates from the Collectors, to pay the Watchmen, at the Directora shall appoint.

and shall make up a true Account of all Sums received and paid, &c.

Vestries, &c. to chuse a Committee annually.

How often Meetings are to be held.

Place of Meeting, and Powen of the Committee.

a

Acts, Order?,

See. of the Committee to be under the Controul of the Diicflois, &c.

Supernumerary Watchmen, when on Duty, verted with the same Powers as the other Watchmen, Sec,

Trustees and Vcdries to meet and make Rates upon Person* becoming Occupiers,

C. go. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who shall be charged in or pay any Rate or A(TeAment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, or who shall be chosen a Patrol or Watchman, shall be deemed or construed thereby to gain any Settlement in the Parish, Liberty, Precinct, or Place, in and for which such Rate or Assessment was made, or in or for which he was chosen Patrol or Watchman; and no Person who shall be a menial or hired Servant, shall be capable of being chosen a Beadle, Patrol, or Watchman, during the Time of his Continuance in such Service.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall, in pursuance of this Act, or any of the former Acts, be appointed to receive from the Collector or Collectors of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made, or to be made, in pursuance of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, the Money collected or levied by virtue of such Rate or Rates, Alself-mentor Assessments, shall, from Time to Time, pay over the Monies arising from the same to such Watchmen, Beadles, or other Persons, at such Time and Times, and in such Proportions, as the Vestrymen, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor, or Trustees for the said Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places respectively, or any three, five, seven, or more of them, authorised to exercise and execute the Powers of this Act, and the said former Acts respectively, as aforesaid, shall appoint; and shall then, upon the several Days and Times, in and by the said former Acts severally and respectively for that Purpose limited and appointed, or else on such other Day as the said Vestrymen, Trustees, Directors, or Governors, shall appoint, make, and yield up, to the said Persons authorised and impowered, as aforesaid, a true and perfect Account of all Sums of Money by them received and paid; and also pay and deliver into the Hands of such other Person or Persons, whom such three, five, seven, or more Persons authorised respectively shall appoint to receive the same, as aforesaid, all such Sums of Money as shall remain in their or any of their Hands.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor of each and every of the Parishes. Liberty, Precinct, and Places aforesaid, at their several and respective Meetings for appointing the Number of Watchmen and Beadles, to be employed as aforesaid, or the major Part of such of them as shall be then met and assembled, shall and may, if they shall so think fit. nominate and chuse any Number of them the said Vestrymen, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, or Governors and Directors* of the Poor, as they respectively shall think fit, not exceeding ten, nor less than five, to be a Committee, to have Continuance for one Year from thence next ensuing, and no longer; and that the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, and Governors and Directors of the Poor, may and shall meet four Times in every Year, or oftener, if they shall see fit; and that the said Committee shall meet at the usual Place of Meeting for transacting the publick Business of each and every the said Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places, within the first Week in every Month, or oftener, if they shall think fir, and as well the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, and Governors and Directors of the Poor respectively, or the Majority of them present at every their said Quarterly, or other Meetings, as the said Committees, or the Majority of them, present at every their said Monthly, or other Meetings, may and shall, and are hereby impowered to summon or call before them all and every the Constables, Headboroughs, Beadles, Patroles, and other Watchmen, and to examine into their Behaviour respecting the Nightly Watch, and reward or censurethem accordingly; and to hear and redress Complaints, and to give all necessary and occasional Directions, and to fee to the due Payment of the Wages and Allowances to be made and given to such Patroles, and other Watchmen, and to encourage the Attendance of supernumerary Watchmen, to the End such Supernumeraries (if thereto required) may go upon Duty as Watchmen instead of such of the more constant Patroles, or other Watchmen, as by Means of Sickness, or for any other Cause, shall not attend, by making to such supernumerary Watchmen, whether they shall be so employed or not, such pecuniary Allowances as they respectively shall judge fit and reasonable for their Attendances.

XXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all and every the Acts, Orders, and Directions, of every the said Committees respectively, shall be subject to the Controul, Alteration, or Revocation, of the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Witch, and Governors and Directors of the Poor respectively, at their next or other subsequent Meetings, and shall continue in Force until such Meetings, and no longer, unless approved of and confirmed by the said Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, and Governors and Directors of the Poor respectively, or the Majority, of them present at their next Meeting, after the making such Acts, Orders, and Directions.

XXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every such supernumerary Watchman, during all such Times as he shall watch, and be employed and go upon Duty, instead of any Patrol or other Watchman, shall have like Powers and Authority in all Cases as are given to any Patroles or other Watchmen, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to the like Forfeitures for Misbehaviour and Neglect of Duty, as the Watchmen and Patroles to be appointed by any of the said former Acts, or this Act, are hereby subjected and made liable to.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said several Vestries, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, Governors and Directors of the Poor respectively, or so many of them as are, by any of the said former Acts, or this Act, impowered to make Rates, as aforesaid, to meet together at any intermediate Times in every Year, as Occasion shall require. Notice of such Meetings being given in the Church or Chapel of the said several Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places respectively, as before directed, and to make a Rnte or Assessment upon ail and every Person or Persons who shall become Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Tenement, Shop, Warehoui-, Cellar, or other Building, in every of the said Parishes, Liberty, or Pivcinct respectively, after the Ra.e 4 for

C' :>ogIe

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 90. '215

for that Year or Half Year shall have been made and assessed, as aforesaid; which Rate and Assessment being allowed and confirmed by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of ATtddlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be, shall and may be raised, levied, and collected, by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the before-mentioned Rate is directed to be raised, levied, and collcded, by any of the said former Acts, respecting such Parish, Liberty, or Place, or by this Act.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons, who shall be No Person ?»te* rated to and pay any Rate or Rates to be made in ptirfumce of this Act, shall be liable to Watch or Ward to b: liable to by virtue of the Statute commonly called The Statute of Winchester, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign *!\c Stalute 1J of King Edward the First, or any other subsequent Statute relating thereto, but shall be and are discharged w* of and from the same.

XLII. Provided rtevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per- Persons aggriev. fons shall find him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue or in pur- ed n>ay appeal fuance of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, then, upon Appeal to the next General Quarter Sef- 10 General fion, or General Session of the Peace, to be held for the said County of Middlesex, which shall be first held "onl* after fourteen Days after Notice of such Rate or Demand made of the Sum thereby rated or assessed, Notice of such Appeal being given to or left for the Collector of such Rate, six Days at the least before the first Day of such Session, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Number of them then assembled, at and in such General Quarter Session, or General Session, to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet; which said Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and such Appeal, or the Subject-matter thereof, or any Order therein made, shall not be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Money whatsoever to be collected or received Money college* by virtue of this Act, or any of the said former Acts, shall be applied and applicable to the defraying of the to bc Expences of the said Nightly Watch and Beadles, and other Charges incident thereto: And if any Col- ^[;e^ora rcfu^ lector or Receiver, to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to give a f,ng or neglect-just Account, or to pay the A'ionics remaining in his Hands to any Person or Persons authorised to receive ing to account the same, it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or be commo-City and Liberty of ll'cjhnin/ler, as the Case shall be, upon Complaint ro them made by any one or more ted* of the said Vestrymen, Trustees, Directors, or Governors of the Watch, or Governors and Directors of the Poor, to whom the said Collector or Receiver shall be accountable by virtue of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, and Proof thereof made upon Oath by one or more credible Witness or Witnesse*

(which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Collector or Receiver to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have made a true Account, and shall also have satisfied and paid such Sum or Sums of Money, as upon the said Account shall appear to be remaining in his Hands.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for not

any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, the Dif- deemed unlaw tress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or ful for want of Trespassers on account of any DeFault or Want of Form in the Warrant or Warrants of Distress, or any form) Proceedings relating thereto, nor be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassors ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining*, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage only, by Action on the Case.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Proceeding« not A fit Aments, made, or to be made, by virtue of any of the said former Acts, or of this Act, or any Pro- remote-tic by reeding to be had touching any Order made, or to be made, or any other Matter or Thing done, or to be Ce,tl0Ijrh done, or transacted in, or relating to, any Complaint or Appeal, or any Order or Determination thereon, shall be aualhed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at U'ejlminfer, by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregu- Plaintiffs not to larity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if l ender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf »eeovenfTen. of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such Irregula-rity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought: And in cale no such Tender shall How Defendant* have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action, if he, flic, or mav ^rjc.ed they, shall so think fit, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they uhen no Tc«. shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be made or given in and by such der hath been Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. ma c*

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limitation of or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of any of the said former Actions.

A<ds, or of this present Act, that every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next

after the Fad committed, and not afterwards,'and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex,

and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General lifuc. Central !flu*

i*nd give this Act, and ary of the said former Acts, and the special Matter, in Evidence on any Trial to

be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of any of the said former

Acts, or of this present Act: And be it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be

brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County*

City, or Place; that then, and in such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pase against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment

---

216 C. 91. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have, and may recover,

[Treble Costs.]

treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XCI.

An Act more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, west-ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being moored in Taplow Mill-stream, in the County of Bucks.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by virtue of and under divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, have had and exercised, and ought, and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about the Water of Thames; (that is to say,) from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and towards the East unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place, called Kendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yeenleet, towards the Sea, and East, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid; and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid; and in, upon, and about all and every of them; and also for all the Time aforesaid, have had and taken, and ought, and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Office of Bailiff: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[Act 11 Geo. 3.]

intituled, An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, certain powers were granted to the Commissioners thereby appointed, for preserving and improving the Navigation of the said Rivers: And whereas the said Act contains a Clause or Proviso, declaring, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any Rights, Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or any other Body Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, or to enable the Commissioners to erect Weirs, Locks, Turnpikes, or Toll-gates, within the Liberties or Jurisdiction of the City of London: And whereas the Commissioners, in and by the said Act of Parliament appointed, being restrained, by the said Clause or Proviso, from exercising some of the principal Powers and Authorities in the said Act contained, between the said City of London and the City-stone above Staines Bridge, being the first Part or District of the said Navigation, in and by the said Act described, have not attempted the Execution of the said Act within the said first District: And whereas the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Thames, west ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties or Jurisdiction of the City of London, will be a Work of great publick Utility: And whereas the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, are willing to apply the Sum of ten thousand Pounds (if necessary), out of their own Estates, towards carrying the said Work into Execution, without laying any Toll or Duty on Persons navigating the River Thames within the said Liberties or Jurisdiction: And whereas the Powers with which the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, are at present vested are not sufficient to enable them effectually to improve and complete the said Navigation; and it is apprehended, that the Powers granted by the said Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the Commissioners thereby appointed, will clash with the Powers which must necessarily be granted to the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, for improving and completing the Navigation of the River Thames, between the City of London and the City-stone above Staines Bridge: And whereas some further Regulation is necessary for removing certain Inconveniencies in another Part of the Navigation of the said River;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, by the Authority of the same,

[Part of the former Act repealed.]

That so much of the said Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eleventh year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as vests the Commissioners thereby appointed, or in pursuance thereof appointed, or to be appointed, with any Power or Powers, Authority or Authorities, for improving and completing the Navigation of the River Thames, between the City of London and the City-stone above Staines Bridge aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; but so as not to restrain or prejudice such Commissioners from, or in the Exercise of, any of the Powers or Authorities by the same Act granted, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing the Navigation of the River Thames and Isis, from the City-stone above Staines Bridge to the Town of Cricklade aforesaid.

[Powers given to the Mayor, &c. to improve the Navigation and to appoint a Committee.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall have Power and Authority, and they are to improve the hereby authorised and impowered, to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, between the City of London and the City-stone above Staines Bridge aforesaid; and for that Purpose to appoint a Committee, Committee, from Time to Time, to manage and transact such Matters as they may find necessary; which Committee, so to be appointed, shall have such Powers and Authorities as shall, from Time to Time, be delegated or given to them by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 91. 217

[Proviso.]

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be eligible or capable of acting as a Member of such Committee, during such Time as he shall have, or execute, any Office or Place of Profit, by or under the Authority of this Act, or during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contract or Agreement for effecting any of the Purposes of this Act.

[Power to purchase Lands, &c. for the Purposes of this Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall have full Power and Authority to make such Orders and Constitutions, for the purchasing of Locks, Ferries, and Lands, for the Use of the said Navigation; and to purchase and make such Towing-paths, Banks, Roads, Bridges, Ferries, and Ways, for the towing, haling, or drawing of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, with Horses, or otherwise, passing in, through, or upon the said River Thames, between the City of London and the City-done above Staines Bridge aforesaid; and to purchase or make such Wharfs, Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Spikes, Dams, Floodgates, and Engines, for the completing and carrying on the said Navigation, as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and also to make Orders and Regulations touching the Sizes and Drafts of all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels navigating the said River of Thames, between the City of London and the City-done above Staines Bridge aforesaid; and such only as shall be navigated upon the said River of Thames, to and from the City of London and the City-done above Staines Bridge, and to and from all the intermediate Places, and to settle proper Gages on the Sides thereof, and how deep they shall load at all Times; and also to make and appoint all such other necessary Orders, Constitutions, Rules, and Regulations, concerning the said Navigation, and also concerning such Weirs, Bucks, Winches, Dams, Floodgates, and other Engines, and Towing-paths, lying between the Places aforesaid; and the Shutting, Penning, Opening, Drawing, Use, or Management thereof, for the Benefit and Safety of the said Navigation, and making Satisfaction for the Loss or Damage any Owner or Owners, or Occupiers, of Mills or Lands, shall or may sustain thereby; and concerning all Barges, Boats, or Vessels, passing by, through, or with the Help of the same, and Behaviour of all Bargemen, Boatmen, and Watermen, belonging to; or working in, such Barges, Boats, or Vessels; and to give such Reparation, Satisfaction, and Damages, to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby, as likewise to the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Meadows, or other Grounds, who shall be damaged by the Neglect or Refusal of the Owners of such Weirs, Bucks, Winches, and Floodgates, in not opening, and keeping open the same, until the Water is sunk below the Water-mark, as to them shall seem meet.

[Bodies Politick, Trustees, &c. may convey Lands.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, and Guardians whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors; but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whatsoever; and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall he seised or possessed of, or interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; which, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the Committee to be by them appointed, as aforesaid, shall be thought necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, to sell and convey all or any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, and Interests, or any Part thereof, to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons, as aforesaid, shall be good and valid ia Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding: And that all such Persons so conveying, as aforesaid, are, and shall be, indemnified for what they shall do, by virtue of, or in pursuance of, this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter of Form whatsoever:

[Upon refusal, to agree to a Sale, or bad Title made.]

And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons. seised or possessed of, or interested in, any such Lands, Tenements, or to agree to a hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale and-Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, with the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim, to the Satisfaction, of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or to the Person or Persons so authorised by them;

[Juries may be summoned.]

Juries may be summoned. then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, and the said Court is hereby impowered and authorised to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriffs of the City of London, or the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, or the Sheriff of the County of Surrey, as the Case shall require, who are, and each of them is hereby authorised, directed, and required accordingly to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, not less than forty-eight, nor more than seventy-two, and out of such Persons, so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Court appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues, joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Court of Mayor and

---

218 C. 91. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Juries may be challenged.

Jury to inquire into the Value of the Land, &c. in question.

AfRgnmentl, and Conveyances, to be given to the Mayor, &c.

If Persons cannot evince a clear Title to the Pretfifci,

or einnotbfc found in the County where the Lands, &c. He,

their Money to be put into the Bank.

Aldermen, if the Premises Th Dispute lie frt the said City of Linden, (bch Tithe and Place as in fuc*1 Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and if the Premises lie ia either of the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County where the Premises lie, at some General-Quarter Sessiows Of the Peace to be hofcten for the same County, or fame Adjournment thereof; and to attend the said Courts respectively, from Day to Day, till discharged by the said Courts respectively \ and alt Parties concerned shall and' may have their kewful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array: And chd said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, rtipeftively, are hereby aatbonfed and powered, by Preceptor Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all every Person and Persons whom soever who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on their Oath or Oaths, touching and concerning the Premises: And the said Court of Mayor And Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, if they think fit, shall and may like wife af$-< thorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, in such Manner as they &aH> dtredh; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, refy>e£fcively, shall have Power for adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require; and to command such Jury, Wieneflfe, artd Parties, to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded: And the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall b* called updw to give Evidence, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby impowered and required to administer), shall inquire of the Value of such Lands, Tenements, Xnd Hereditaments, and of the respective Eftete and Interest of every Person seised or possessed (hereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof^ and ftull assess and award the Slotto/ Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, for the Purchase of such their Estates aind IiWerefls; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, shall and may give Judgment for sudd $um or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment, Decree, Qr Determination, thereupon (Notice in Writingbeing givey* to the Perfoiv or Persons fircerested, or claim* ing so to be, at least fourteen Days before the Time of such Afteiftnent, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, and Tory, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or a* his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, intended to be valued and assessed, in case such Party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with finch Notice), shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, iiu to, or out of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and Premises, either in Possession, Reveruon, Remainder, or Expectsncy, as well Infants and Ifllie unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes-covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disabititp, as all other Cestuique Trustfe, his, her, and thdr Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whom-' soever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, and Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid,"‘shall be fairly written on Parchment* and frgned and sealed by the Mayor for the Time being, or by the Justices present, or the major Part of them.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That, upon Payment of fsth Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so a warded for the? Purchase of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Irfterdk therein, shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances in the Law* to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums off Money shall be so awarded,* and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances* Assign-rbonts. and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary and requisite to make?

good, clear, and p£rfe£V Title to the said Mayor* and Commonalty and Citizens; and such Conveyances* Alignments, and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonabl* and useful Covenants as fluftotr the Part or the said Mayor* and Commonalty, and Citizens, be required: And in case such Peffofrdr Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid shall not be able to evince their Title to the Premises, ta the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; in Common Council assembled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid and legal Conveyances thereof* to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and* Citizens; or shall retufe so to do* being thereto required; and such Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to him^ her, or them, on-their Making such Title, and executing, and procuring to be executed, such Conveyances, Alignments, or Assurances, as aforesaid 5 or in case such Person or Persons to Wfoorfr such Sum or Sums of Money shall befo awarded as aforesaid cannot be found in the Cite or County Where the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, for which the said Shms shall be so aflbfted or awarded lie; or in oafe that, by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or fop* Defect of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, iri CormriOrr GoUn* cil assembled, what Person or Persons is or are intitled to the Premises in question; then, and ift every such Case, as aforesaid, it {halb and may be lawful to* and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen rcP order the said Sum or Sums, so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as the Value of and Purchase money for the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be paid into the Blink Of England^ for the Use of Parties interested in the said Premises; to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respCctire* Estates and Interest therein, at such Time as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall order and dn- re&; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank? of England^ who shall receive such Sum or Sums, is and are1 hereby required to give a Receipt or Refceipes For .-such Sum or Sums* mentioning and Ipccifytrig for what

Premises,

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto, Georgii III*

C. 91J 219

men, &c. to be mcred among the Records of

Premises, and for whose Use, the same is or are received, to such Person as fluff. pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sen- Vefdia*«nd tences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings, of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, Decree* of dm as aforesaid, respectively, and Juries, as relate to or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Court of Alder# spent?, so to be purchased as aforesaid; and all Receipts which the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank

shall give for any Sum or Sums of paid ioCo the Bank, in coesequence of any such Verdicft and __________

Judgment, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or General the/aid Court, Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or the said County of Surrey^ as the Case shall happen to be 5 and the (add Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, and other Proceedings,

shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever and the same, or true *nd to be deemed Copies thereof, shall be deemqd and taken to be good and c€ectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Evidcact. Courts of Daw or Equity whatsoever; and all Pcjrfoos (ba)l and may have Recoinfe to the same gratis

*nd take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, pot exceeding two hundred Words, Sixpence, and so proportionally for any greater or lesser Number of Words; and immediately after finch Verdicts, Judgements, Sentence?, Decrees, Orders, and other PxoceediiMs of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or tustices, as aforesaid, respectively, and Juries, and of Inch Receipt or Receipt* of the said Cashier or Cashiers, as aforesaid* all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Twft, Property, Qaim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Perfotw for whose Use such Money shall be paid jn, to, and out of the said Lands, Tenement?. Hereditaments, and Premises* shall vjeft.in the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizensj and they flfell be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, a? fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Preimfes bad actually conveyed the same by Lease and Relgafe, Bargain and Sale iorolled, Feoffment with Livery ant)

S^ifin. Fine and Recovery, or apy. other lepl Conveyance whatihever and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Tide, Inhered, Claim* and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payments were made, hut ajfp shall extend to^ and be deemed and conftnued to ;bar the Dower and Dowers 9f the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estate* Tail, in Rieverfioa or Remainder, against dte Issue and Issues of such Person and Personiu and every Person claiming tinder them, as effectually a? a Fine or Recovery would do, if levied or fufftred by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

VIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, Court of Mtr-after such Payment into the Bank, and Entry of the Receipt aforesaid, at the Petition of any Person of ®*r Persons in Possession of such-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to place out or invest, or to cause to y^VonGo. be placed out or invested, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in feme of the publick vernmentSeau Funds, or on Government Security, at Interest, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons audio- nty.

tifed and appointed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and assign the same to such Person or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof i and, in the mean time, in Trust, to pay the foterest' and Dividends arising therefrom to such Person or Persons who was or were in Possession of the said Premises at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank*

IX. Provided always, and it. is hereby enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who would be Perron* intltki

intided to recoycr the mesne Profits of the Premises, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case to recover in the same had not been so conveyed to, or veiled in, the said Mayor* and Commonalty, and Citizens as *&ioa

aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to trife from such Interests and Dividends, as 0

aforesaidi by Action of Debt, or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same;

and the said Court of Mayor.and Aldermen are hereby impowered and authorised to make such Order, as aforesaid, on the Bank, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so invested in publick Securities; and the said Mayor, and Commopahy, and Citizens, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Feme-covert is or shall be seised in Fee-simple, or ^e\cort ip Tail General or Special, of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, as fe,f-a ,n Fec-aforesakfe by the feld Mayos, and Commonalty, and Citizens, or of any Interest in the same, to her fepa- her Purchase-

ip Tail General or Special, of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, as aforesaid, by the feld Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, or of any Interest in the same, to her fepa- herPu'rchaerate Use, fifoe from the Controid or intermeddling of her Husband, xhe Purchase money arising from the monry paid to Sale of such Estate, or Interest of such Feme-covert, on the Conveyance of such Estate or Interest to whomiheftuU the fefo Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens, shall be paid cither to the Husband of such Feme-covert, at her Request, or to such Person or Persons as (he shall, by Writing under her Hand, nominate to xesjeeive *he fame, in Trust, to be reiavested in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for such Use, Estate, and Interest, as the said Feme-covert had in the Premises so purchased by the ibid Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens*.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the principal Money arising from Purchase money the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* which &all be purchased for any of the Purposes ot ^ndst° be of this A«£t, of or from any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or bole, Feoffees in*

Trust, Guardians, Coranpittecs, or.other Tru(foe9> or from any Femercovertv shall be paid to such Persons as «awoiuu "

they shall respectively nominate io receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed then afterwards

to be reipvested in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and

settled to, and upon, and subject to the likeUfes, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, a*

the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament?, which shall be purchased from them jespectively by the said

Mayor, and Commonalty/ and Citizens, as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at

220

Bargains and Sales to has* the Force of Law*

C. 9r,

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Persont interested in Lands conveyed, to enter a Memorial of their Right within 5 Years,

in a Book to be prepared by the City Clerk)

or he for ever barred of all such Right,

Persont so barred nay bring Ac* tiont of Debt, against the Receiver of their Purchase-

Icpencet of Juries how to be defrayed*

Towing Paths

not to be made without the ConJeut of Pro-fritter*

the Time of such purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as^ at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be exilling and capable of taking Effect.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or interest of any Feme-covert to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Bargain and Sale acknowledged by Rich Feme-covert, and inrolled in the Court of Hustings of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, within six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and interest of such Feme-covert in the rremifesy as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due form of Law*: And further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever, to be made of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, by virtue of, and for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Effate in the Premises, in Trust for, or to the Use of; such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner of Torm whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, having any Right, Title, interest, Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, or out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which, by virtue, and for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be purchased by, and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, by any such Bargain and Sale; as aforesaid, shall, within the Sj?ace of live Years, to be computed from the Date of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right* Title, interest^ Use, Proclaim, and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town Clerk e said City of London, or the Clerk of the Peace for the County respectively, which Book the said Town Clerk and Clerk of the Peace respectively are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry they shall be intitled to such Fee. and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law intitled to for the Registry of a Memorial, containing the same Number of Words $ and all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time, and in such Manner, as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand with Effect, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, Use, Equity, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, ani those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons barred of any Right, Title, Estate, interest* Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by virtuo of this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, for Money had and received to his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any Person or Persons, who received the rurchafe-money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Premises aforesaid; and that in every such Case, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said Premises, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne Profits of the Premises, which they would have been intitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Verdict as aforesaid shall be given for a greater Sum than shall have been offered by or on the Behalf or the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, or in case no such Offer shall have been made before the summoning of any such Jury, that then all the Expences of summoning such Jury and the Witnesses, and of taking such Inquest,(ha]| be paid by the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London; but if any such Verdict shall be given for no more, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, then and in every such Case, such Expences shall be defrayed by the Owners of, or the Person# interested in, such Locks, Ferries, Lands, Wharfs, Weirs, or other Property in question; and such Expences shall be deducted and taken but of the Monies to be assessed and adjudged, and such Deduction shall be deemed and taken as Payment of so much thereof.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend. Or be construed to extend, to authorize and impower the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, to compel or oblige the Owner or Proprietor of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or planted Avenue to any House, which have been respectively used as such six Calendar Months before the passing of this Act (except such where Towing-paths are now used), or the Owner or Proprietor of any Messuage or Tenement erected or built, or begun to be erected or built, six Calendar Months before the passing of this Act, to 'pull down, let, fell, or convey, such Messuage, Tenement, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, inclosed Lawn, or Avenue, or any Part thereof, to the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, or any other Person or Persons; nor shall any Thine in this Act contained impower the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, to make any new Towing-path, Bank, Cut, Road, Bridge, Wharf, Lock, Weir, Buck, Winch, Spike, Dam, Floodgate, Pound, Turnpike, Toll-gate, or Engine,

ovorf

by v

A.D.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III.

G 91* 321

ef Horset employed in the Navigation, m

to be affixed on publick Placet

>774.

bver, upon, or through any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, indofed Lawn, qr planted Avenue to any House, without the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Mayor and Al- Fine* ©n She-

dermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respectively, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any rea- riff*, Juriet, an* sonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy or De- Witndfct, iefu-puties, Bailiffs or Agents, respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who ^{htWsAd shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries who shall not appear, or who shall refute to

be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence;

also on any other Person or Persons who shall, in any other Manner, wilfully neglect his or their Duty

in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, from Time to Time, to levy may be levied

such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices, as aforesaid, respect byDiftrefcaad

lively, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Sa,e«

Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all such Fines shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Place or Places in aueftion, for which a Satisfaction for Dtmageshow Damages or Recompence is to be made by virtue of this Act, shall lie partly in the City of London and tobeafcertiiaw partly in the County of Middlesex% such Satisfaction or Recompence shall be inquired of afeer-

tained by a Jury of the City of London 5 and in case any such Place or Places shall lie partly in the County of Middlesex, and partly in the County of Surrey, the same shall be inquired of and ascertained by a Jury or Justices of the County of Middlesex.

AlX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Price* of Car-mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall have Power and Authority, and they *nd Rate* are hereby authorised and impowered to assess and rate the Prices of the Carriage, and the Rates or Fares to be given for the Use of any Horse or Horses employed on the said Navigation, from the City of London to the City Stone above Staines Bridge aforesaid, and back from thence to the said City of London; and to and from any Place or Places upon the said River of Thames, between the City of London and the said City Stone, to any other Place or Places within the Limits aforesaid, in such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and shalleive publick Notice in Writing, to be affixed up at the several Market Places, or Church Doors of such Towns and Parishes on the Banks of the said River of Thames, within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall think proper; and also to be printed and published in some of the publick Newspapers, of ©ntheBankiof which publick Notice the several Owners of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigating on the said the Rivei,a«. Rivers, as also all Persons who are employed in towing Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, or who let out Horses for that Purpose, are hereby required to take Notice, as also of the Rates and Prices so from Time to Time set and aiTefled, and of all other Rates, Fares, and Prices, which shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, at such respective Meetings as aforesaid, be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act: And if Boatmen or any Owner and Proprietor of any such Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, shall, at any Time after the Expi- ®a^ant he* ration of twenty Days next after the publishing of such Notice, take for the Water Carriage of any r°£s fel0fo*. Goods or Merchandises above the Rates and Prices so set as aforesaid, or if any Person employed in the feic *oi/ towing of Barges, or other Vessels, shall, after the Expiration of the said Term, take, for the Use of any Horse or Horses employed on the said Navigation, above the Rates or Fare so set and assessed as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; which laid Forfeiture shall and may be recovered in a summary Way, by Information or Complaint made to the said Mayor, or to any of the Aldermen of the City of London, or to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex or Surrey; and shall go and be applied, one Moiety to the In- One Moiety to former or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties aggrieved by any such Offence, and thelnfcrme shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under ,to

the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor, or any one of the Aldermen or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid. grieved/*8"

XX. And whereas many Trespasses have been committed in the Gardens and Plantations of Morough n., Person to

tyBryen, Esquire, of Taplow-Courty in the County of Bucks, by Persons belonging to Boats, Barges, momatTxplow

Vessels, or Floats, which anchor, moor, fallen, or lie, in Tatlow Mill Stream \ be it therefore enacted Mill Stream, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any Pretence whatsoever, to anchor, moor, or fasten any Boat, Barge,

Vessel, or Float, or to lav with any Boat, Barge, Vessel, or Float, in any Part of Taploiv Mill Stream, between the Lock in the said Stream and a Meadow called Clemash Meadow: And in case any Boat, Barge,

Vessel, or Float, shall be anchored, moored, or fattened, or shall be laid in any Part of Taplow Mill Stream aforesaid, between the Lock in the said Stream and the said Meadow called Clemash Meadow, the Mailer or Owner of any such Boat, Barge, Vessel, or Float, or the Person having the Care or Conduct on Penalty of any such Boat, Barge, Vessel, or Float, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of of5U five Pounds; to be levied and recovered by the same Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted for any Offence against the said former Act can or may be levied and recovered, and shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety for the Purposes of the said Navigation.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Personigrler. Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any Orders or Proceedings of any Justice or may appeal Justices of the Peace, which shall be made or had under this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such to the Quarter Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said City of Loniony or the said County of Middlesex, or the said County of Surrey, as the Case may be: And the Justices, at such laid General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required

10

323 <3,93. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

Froeeedfnw not Co bfc quamed for want of Form.

Writing* may He without Stamp*.

Limitation* of Action*.

to hear and finally determine every such Appeal and Appeals, and shall award to the Party pr Parties for Whom such. Appeal shall be determined, such Costs a? to thejn in their Discretion shall seem reasonable apd shall raise and levy, by their Order or Warrants, such Cods as shall he awarded by Distress and Sale <Sf the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall be ordered to pay the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order which shall he made by any Justice or Justices, by virtue of or upder this Act, or any other Proceedings so be had, touch ing the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quafoed or vacate* for Want of Form only, or he removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever^ into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That do Cpptr^ft, Agreement, Assignment, Entry. Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be e^ecut^d, m^de, pr given, foa)l be ebatgej or chargeable, or subject, or liable, to any Duty whatsoever.

Treble Costs

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, qr Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing dope in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or any of them; every such Action, or Spit, shall be laid of brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fast dope, and shall be laid or brought in the City of London, or the County where the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, p&ay plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matters, in Evidence, at any Triad to be hid thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by foe Authority of this Act: And if the fanxf shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within foe Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other City, County, or Place, than as aforesaid; then the Jury foajjl find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer 9 Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, foe said Defenr dants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law*

[Publick Act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whensoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

Warden of the Mint, &c. to make Weighti

of a, Guinea, a Shilling, and Multiple! thereof j which they are to tjransmit to the Clerk of Council in Waiting j and the same, being confirmed by his Majesty, are to

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS some Provision is necessary for regulating and ascertaining, according to the established Standard of your Majesty's Mint, the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold

and Silver Coin of this Realm, and it is highly expedient, for the Prevention of Frauds, that the Use c of all other Weights, which are not just and true, according to the said Standard, should be disallowed $* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Warden, Matter, and Comptroller, of his Majesty's Mint, with the Assistance of the King's Assay Matter, and they are hereby authorised and required, without Delay, to make, or cause to be made, one Weight of the Piece of Gold Coin of this Realm commonly called a> Guinea, and also one Weight of the Piece of Silver Coin of this Realm called a Shilling, according to the established Standard of his Majesty's Mint, and also other Weights, being Parts and Multiples of the said Guinea Weight and Shilling Weight respectively; which Weights, together with their Report of the Truth and Accuracy thereof, they are hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of his Majesty's Council in Waiting, in order to be laid before his Majesty in Council; and in case the said Weights shall be approved of and consumeq by his Majesty in Council, the same shall be remited and accepted in Law to oe the Standard Weights of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm respectively, and the same shall be lodged in the joint Custody, of the Warden, Matter, and Comptroller of his Majesty's Mint for the Time being.

b; reputed Standard Weights.

Duplicate*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Warden, Master, and Comp-

thereof to be troller of his Majesty's Mint, with the Assistance of his Majesty's Assay Matter, shall make, or cause to

s made by the be made, in like Manner, exact Duplicates, or Copies, of the said Standard Weights of a Guinea, and

Warden, of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiples thereof, as aforesaid; and if any of the said Duplicates, or

Copies, shall hereafter, by any Accident, be destroyed, lost, or impaired, the Warden, Master, and Comptroller, of his Majesty's Mint for the Time being, with the Assistance of the King's Assay Master, are hereby authorised and required, in like Manner, to make, or cause to be made, other exact Duplicates, or Copies, of such of the said Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiples thereof, as shall happen to be destroyed, loft, or impaired; all which Duplicates, or Copies, (halt be laid before his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in his or their Privy Council, in Manner hereinbefore directed; and in case the same shall be approved of and confirmed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in his or their Privy Council, they shall then, by the said Master, Warden, and Comptroller, be delivered to and lodged in the Custody gf an Officer, to be from Time to Time appointed by his Majesty.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 93, 94. 223

his Heirs or Successors, for that Purpose, under his or their Sign Manual, during his or their Royal Pleasure, with a Salary not exceeding the yearly Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds* to be issued and paid by the Warden of his Majesty's Mint, out of the Monies arifrng by the Cfcirfage Dftties1.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Warden, are. to the Warden, Matter* and Comptroller, of his Majesty's Mint, and they are hereby authorised and re- compare the Du* quired, once, or oftener, in every Year, by Warrant dtid^r their Hands, to summon and require such P ,cale* )etr/

Officer, fa, to be appointed by his Majesty, Xo appear before them, and produce the said Duplicates* or

Chpfes1, of the raia Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Pafts and Multiples

t'hefe'of, as aforesaid, and the same to examine and compare with the Standard.Weights herem-before __ 1

tfitested to be' fodged in the Custody of the Warden* Matter, and Comptroller* of his Majesty's , Mint for v the' Tnhe being. t

v«

[After Dec. 31,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, all Weights to be made use of for weighing the *774» the said Gold and Silver Coin, shall be regulated and ascertained by the Duplicates, or Copies, of the said v^um* Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiples thereof respectively, lodged in the Custody of the Officer before mentioned; and after having been tried and compared therewith, and found to be just and true, shall, in Testimony thereof, be marked by the said Officer with a Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, to be approved of by the Master of his Majesty's Mint; which Stamps or Marks the said Officer is hereby directed to provide: And, in order that the Impression or tnddescribeA Impressions made thereby may be known to all his Majesty's Subjects, the said Officer is hereby also di- publickijr* rested to publHh a Description of the same, by Advertisement, in the London Gazette, three Times at least before the said thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and the said Officer is hereby required, upon Application made to him, at all seasonable Hours, to stamp or mark, in Manner aforesaid, all Weights to be u!ed for weighing the said Gold and Silver Coin, which shall be brought to him for that Purpose, and which he shall find to be just and true, according to the said Duplicates, or Copies, of the Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiplies thereof respectively, hereby directed to be lodged in his Custody, without fee or Reward, and without wilful Delay: And from and after the said thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- No other % four, no other Weights but such as shall be just and true, according to the Weights with and by which Weight* tobt they are hereby directed to be compared and ascertained, and shall be marked in Manner before mentioned, *,lowed Hull be reputed or accepted in Law to be true, or of any Effect for determining the Weight of the Gold or Ltw#

Silver Coin of this Realm.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Stamp PtHboieow or Mark, to resemble any Stamp or Mark provided or used in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit

or resemble the Impression of any such Stamp or Mark, as aforesaid, on any such Weight or Weights, as StM^p,

aforesaid; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any such Weight or Weights, with the Impression of such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall wilfully increase or diminish

any such Weight, after it has been stamped or marked in Manner before directed; or shall make use of any such Weight in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm, knowing the same to have been so in-

created or diminished; every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, upon Conviction flull forfeit go!

thereof, before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Division, or Place, where or be commit*

such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby authorised and directed to inquire into the same, forfeit ter $ Month*

and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justices; one Moiety thereof to go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall inform or sue for the same; and, on Default of Payment, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

[Not to abridge

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to take away or abridge any Rights, Powers, Privileges, or Profits, granted by his late Majesty the Letter*Pa* King James the First, by Letters Patent, in the twelfth Year of his Reign, to the Master, Wardens, and tc°ttl!*JK,<^ Commonalty of the Mystery of Founders in the City of London, and which they may lawfully claim or c^p*®* enjoy^ with respect to the fizing and marking of all Manner of Brass Weights mace or wrought within the said City of London, or within three Miles compass thereof, or which shall be sold, uttered, or kept for Sale within the said City of London, or three Miles Compass thereof.

---

[After the Weights are fixed and marked, they are to be ascertained in pursuance hereof.]

VII. Provided nevertheless, That the Weights herein before directed to be made use of for weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm, after having been sized and marked according to the Directions of the said Charter, be carried to be ascertained and marked in Manner herein-before directed, by the Officer appointed by his Majesty for that Purpose, in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent,

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, erecting at Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

224 C. 95, 96. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1774.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Church-yard of the said Parish Church.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Aire and Calder, in the County of York; and for improving the Navigation of the said River Aire, from Weeland to the River Ouze; and for making a navigable Canal from the said River Aire, at or near Haddlesey, to the River Ouze, at the Old Brick Garth at Ouze Gate End, within the Township of Selby, in the said County; and for other Purposes.

THE

Statutes at Large.

Anno decimo quarto GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the SEVENTH Session of the THIRTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 14 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

5. An Act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney.

6. An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty's Dominions in America.

7. An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and Publick Passages, in the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

8. An Act to explain and amend two Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

9. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

10. An Act for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only).

11. An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there.

12. An Act for vesting a Piece of Waste Ground within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon.

13. An Act for enabling Sir John Ramsden Baronet, to make and maintain a navigable Canal, from the River Calder (between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge and the Mouth of the River Colne) to The King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in bring for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; which regulates the Width of the Wheels, and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed; and for indemnifying Persons who have offended against the said Clause.

15. An Act for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

16. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Sixth District, in the said Act described.

17. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy four, together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

18. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy four.

19. An Act to discontinue, in such Manner, and for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares and Merchandise, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay in North America.

20. An Act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates.

21. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the Most Noble Henry Duke of Bucclough, the Most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron and Company.

22. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Fraser the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

23. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth and Twenty second Years of King Charles the Second, and of the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for paving, repairing, lighting and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish.

25. An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzlements, by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory.

26. An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat Meal or Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt and Biscuit, to Hudson's Bay in North America, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants residing there.

27. An Act for fixing and regulating a Public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat within the Town and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

28. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the Town of Kingborn, and Liberties thereof.

29. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

30. An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing, regulating and maintaining the Poor, within the Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of the Tower of London; and for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other open Passages and Places within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

31. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Fife.

32. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, stinted Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish.

34. An Act for granting further time to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy four; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas.

35. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to compound certain Debts due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom.

36. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads.

37. An Act for allowing further time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

38. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing and lighting the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City, and for the better Application of Charity Money for setting the poor People of the said City to work, and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City.

39. An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice in the Cases of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, in New England.

40. An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice Esquire, deceased, and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain free Ports in the Island of Jamaica.

42. An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.

43. An Act for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery; and for erecting the Offices for the Register and Accountant General of said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders and Books of Account kept in such Offices.

44. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats and the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Pressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufacturers; and for the better Payment of their Wages.

45. An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New England.

46. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders in the County Palatine of Durham.

47. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

48. An Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives, and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cases where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured.

49. An Act for regulating Madhouses.

50. An Act to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, to renew and grant Leases of Lands, and to sell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

51. An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; to enable them to make other Sales, Purchases and Exchanges; and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School.

52. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water and embellish the said Square; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Hundred of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the River Tamer, in the Parish of Calstoke, in the said County.

54. An Act for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service in North America.

55. An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol; and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

56. An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull.

57. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for reducing into one Act the general Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts Persons from the Payment of Tolls at Side Gates erected at Places specified in any Act of Parliament.

58. An Act for repealing an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth; and so much of several Acts of the Eighth, Tenth and Twenty third Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen.

59. An Act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper.

60. An Act for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred of Godley, in the County of surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions.

61. An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

62. An Act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poors Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex.

63. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Ayr, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported.

65. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates.

66. An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending and licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto.

67. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty's Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre; for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia directly, to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia.

68. An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops.

69. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy four.

70. An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money for calling in and recoining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receiving the same at the Bank of England; and of taking, there, an Account of the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making Satisfaction for the same; and for authorising all Persons to cut and deface all Gold Coin, that shall not be allowed to be current by His Majesty's Proclamation.

71. An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

72. An Act for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, stained or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations.

73. An Act to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect to the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

74. An Act for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of great Raisins.

75. An Act for enlarging the present, or providing a new Workhouse; for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark, for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street, and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Friars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Christ Church.

76. An Act for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

77. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cases.

78. An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings, and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

79. An Act for explaining an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

80. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon foreign made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign made Sails with a Duty.

81. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct of returning Officers at such Elections, by altering the time of Notice, ordered by the said Act to be given, in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session, of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner and settling the Place of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void, by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

82. An Act for explaining and altering an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cases.

83. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America.

84. An Act to prevent certain Inconveniencies that may happen by Bills of Naturalization.

85. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to Lady Anne Mackenzie, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of Seventy two thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland.

86. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandise exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written and printed in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Improvement of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise and Inland Duties, so far as relates to the commencing Prosecutions for Penalties against the Revenue of Customs to subsequent Acts.

87. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality.

88. An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in America.

89. An Act to enable His Majesty to allow the Administrator, with the Will annexed, or other the personal Representative of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, to sell Ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on Ten thousand Pounds East India Stock; and for applying the same as therein is mentioned.

90. An Act for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being moored in Taplow Mill Stream, in the County of Bucks.

92. An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

93. An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent.

94. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel erecting at Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

95. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish Church.

96. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Aire and Calder, in the County of York; and for improving the Navigation of the said River Aire, from Weeland to the River Ouze; and for making a navigable Canal from the said River Aire, at or near Haddlesey, to the River Ouze, at the Old Brick Garth at Ouze Gate End, within the Township of Selby, in the said County; and for other Purposes.

97. An Act to continue, amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the County of York.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester to the Town of Rochdale, and from a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpsal, to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called Besses of the Barn to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said County.

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hanshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester.

101. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham.

102. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty sixth and Twenty seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvine, called The Milnford of Garscube.

103. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act; and for repairing, widening and enlarging the old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of Glasgow to the Village of Gorbells.

104. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basing stoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Husband Priors, Andover and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, in the County of Wilts; for including the Road from Spittle House, over Wey Hill, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of His said Majesty; and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Wey Hill to Sarson Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke.

105. An Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty sixth and Twenty seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to The Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew.

106. An Act for recovering, improving and maintaining the Navigation of the Haven of Hedon, in Holdernesse, in the East Riding of the County of York.

107. An Act for draining and preserving the Low Grounds and Carrs within the Parishes, Townships and Places of Winestead, Pattrington, South Frodingham, Hollym, Rimswell, Owthorne otherwise Seathorne, Withernsea, Ingland Hill and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

108. An Act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poors Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex.

109. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr; and for repairing and widening certain other Roads within the said County of Ayr.

110. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge; and also from Hoo-ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourne Common; and from Ibstock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney's House, in the Liberty of Osbaston, to Chesire's House, in the Liberty of Carlton; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields; and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane to the Leicester and Ashby-de-la-zouch Turnpike Roads.

111. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to amend the Road from Elstone Church to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester.

112. An Act for continuing, altering and amending an Act, made and passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdly, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

113. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton; and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton; and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough to the Market Place there.

114. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankersley Park, in the said County.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

116. An Act for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from the Stone's End in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause Part of the said Road to be lighted, watched and watered; and for lighting, watching and watering the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County.

117. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hessle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening other Roads therein mentioned.

118. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane and the South End thereof.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 14 Georgii III.

1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures and other uninclosed Grounds within the Manor and Township of Swinton, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, within the Parish of Duddington, in the County of Northampton.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wastes and Common Grounds within the Township and Liberty of Ibstock, in the County of Leicester.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Severn Stoke, in the County of Worcester.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Abbot's Ann, in the County of Southampton.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds and Pastures within the Parish of Owmby, in the County of Lincoln.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Butterton, in the Parish of Mayfield, in the County of Stafford.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lot Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Gloucester.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Parish of West Retford, in the County of Nottingham.

10. An Act to enable Thomas Purnell Jones Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Purnell.

11. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abraham Delapierre.

12. An Act for naturalizing Louis de Saumaize.

13. An Act for naturalizing Peter Van Yzendoorn.

14. An Act for naturalizing Theodore George Gleichman.

15. An Act for naturalizing George Christopher Degen.

16. An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Mary Price Spinster, deceased, to cut down and sell the Timber upon the settled Estates of the said Mary Price, in the County of Merioneth; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

17. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Devon, late of Thomas Benson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of certain Legacies affecting the same Estates.

18. An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Walts Esquire, called South Hill or Fisher's Lodge, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Crofts, Brecks and other Half Year Closes, in the Parishes of Beetley, Great Bittering and Gressenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty of Sheepwalk, called Beetley Skeepwalk; and for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley.

21. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable John Earl Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bucks; and for vesting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture and all other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County of Leicester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Pastures and Waste Grounds, called Cropredy Field and Ast Mead, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Waddesdon, in the County of Bucks.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Wastes and Commonable Places, of Hucklescote and Donnington on the Heath, in the Parish of Ibstock, in the County of Leicester.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Oswaldtwisle, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann's otherwise Sutton Bonnington, commonly called Saint Ann's End, in the County of Nottingham.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Pieces and Parcels of Land, called Bishop's Itchington Heath, Christmas Hill, Palmer's Furze, The Olt, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishop's Itchington, in the County of Warwick.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of West Keal, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Pasture or Waste Ground, called Cottmore, and such Part of the Common Pasture or Waste Ground, called Radley, as lies within the Districts of Southwell and Westhorpe, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Newthorpe Great Common and Begerley Common, in the Parish of Greasley, in the County of Nottingham.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of Northampton.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Wilsford otherwise Wilksford, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley with Arabella Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act to enable Thomas Asheton Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of William Smith Esquire, deceased.

38. An Act to enable the Honourable Henrietta Charlotte Keck Spinster, and her Issue, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Haeseler and John Erich.

40. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Julien Baumgartner.

41. An Act for confirming an Agreement between William Earl of Radnor and the President and Fellows of Queen's College Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowson of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, for the Advowson of Great Chiverel, in the County of Wilts.

42. An Act for vesting in John Earl of Breadalbane, and his Heirs in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Argyll; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate.

43. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, Henry Penton Esquire, and Thomas Brandon, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to Two several Agreements entered into for that Purpose.

44. An Act to subject and charge the Rectory and Parsonage Impropriate of Sunning otherwise Sonynge, in the Counties of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor, Lands, Tithes and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual yearly Rent Charges, or annual Payments, to Doctor Thomas Greene and his Successors, Deans of Sarum; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors; and for vesting the same, so charged, in Robert Palmer Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, devised by the Will of John Mitford Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

46. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Foster, and Levina Davey Foster, his Wife, in Holdingham and New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, in the said William Foster, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said William Foster, in Alderchurch otherwise Algarkirke, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Upton Snodsbury, in the County of Worcester.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commons within the Parish of Spridlington, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and free Commons, in the Parish of Heapham, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ludborough, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Common Lands within the Hamlets of Twyford and Charndon, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham.

54. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Wroot, in the County of Lincoln.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Waste Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Foleshill, in the County of the City of Coventry.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Warmington, in the County of Northampton.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Brecks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Weeting, in the County of Norfolk.

59. An Act for dividing allotting and inclosing the old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton otherwise Barton Bendish or Eastmore, in the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for naturalizing Gustav Nicolaus Eggers.

61. An Act for naturalizing John Everth.

62. An Act for naturalizing Captain David Francis De Bezancenet.

63. An Act for naturalizing Christian Frederick Esberger.

64. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis Creuzé and Sarah his Wife, in the County of Worcester, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

65. An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, late of John Wilson Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale for the Benefit of John Wilson, an Infant, his eldest Son and Heir at Law.

66. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of George Palmes Esquire, deceased, in the Lordship or Township of Nabourn otherwise Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the Debts of the said George Palmes, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to demise or lease Part of the Land belonging to the said Vicarage to William Lowes Esquire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in such Lease to be mentioned.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Titcombe otherwise Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Neswick, in the Parish of Bainton aforesaid.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields and Common Meadows within the Hamlet or Chapelry of Defford, in the County of Worcester; and for draining and levelling, and also for regulating the Stocking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open uninclosed Fields and Parcels of Land within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties of Nottingham and York.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon.

74. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Potton, in the County of Bedford.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Common Grounds within the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Common and Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Pasture, called the Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke Hammond, in the County of Bucks.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common Downs, in the Tithings of Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbotts and Milton Havering in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Wilts.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within and belonging to the Chapelry or Township of Bricklehampton, in the County of Worcester.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Rudston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Township, Parish and Liberties of Easton, in the County of Huntingdon.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Commons and other Waste Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Acombe and Holdgate, in the County of the City of York.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Lot Grounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of Gloucester.

83. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon; and for regulating the Usage and Stocking of divers Common Lands and Commons within the said Parish.

84. An Act to enable John Meadows the elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald Widow, deceased.

85. An Act for naturalizing Paul Burnand.

86. An Act for naturalizing Luder Hoffham and Nicholas Hane.

87. An Act for naturalizing Victor Busigny.

88. An Act for vesting the Estate of the Honourable William Hanger, situate in the County of Kent, entailed by the Will of the Right Honourable Gabriel Lord Coleraine, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

89. An Act for vesting one Moiety of the Bridge built cross Stonehouse Creek, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, in Trust, to raise a Moiety of the Expenses of building the same; and also for enabling certain Persons to grant Building and other Leases, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, of the respective Estates devised to him by the Wills of his Father and Sir William Maurice Baronet, deceased; and likewise for vesting certain Houses in Middlesex and London in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same.

90. An Act for vesting the Manor of Thorngumbald, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Thorngumbald and Paul, or one of them, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, late the Estate of Thomas Gee Esquire, deceased, in the Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Monies thereby arising in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Estate; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

91. An Act to enable Walter Smyth Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of the Manor of Binderton, and certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Binderton, in the County of Sussex, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, belonging to Sir James Peachey Baronet.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Mesne Inclosures, Commons or Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rawmarsh, in the West Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for naturalizing John Michael Lange.

95. An Act for impowering the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire to make Leases of Mines and Quarries, within the Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, deceased, in the County of York.

96. An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands, called East Leach Grove (Part of the settled Estate of the Right Honourable Frederick Henry Lord Chedworth, in the County of Gloucester), in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

97. An Act to enable Sir Edward Swinburne Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the same in the manner therein mentioned.

98. An Act for vesting divers Freehold Estates, late of Robert Barbor Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Legacies and Charges, charged upon and affecting the same; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell the whole, or such Parts and Portions, of the Estate and Barony of Kinross, in the County of Kinross, belonging to James Bruce Carstairs Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate and Barony, in Tail, on the same Persons, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made by Sir William Bruce Baronet, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty three.

100. An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named to raise Money, by Sale of certain Estates of John Smith, and James Smith his Son, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein expressed.

101. An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Powers of Sale and Revocation of Uses, contained in the Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard Sterne Esquire, and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of York, therein comprised.

102. An Act for enabling and impowering Trustees to accept, grant and make, Building and other Leases, Contracts and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands and Premises, late of William Baker Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Peter William Baker, an Infant; and also, during such Minority, to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and all other his Personal Estates, and Interest, Dividends and Proceed thereof, and apply the same as in the Act mentioned; and for other Purposes.

103. An Act for vesting the Estates late of James Colebrooke Esquire, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to enable the Master and Scholars of Baliol College, in the University of Oxford, in their Collegiate Capacity, to convey certain Lands and Possessions belonging to the said College, in the Counties of Salop and Radnor, to William Pierce Hall, and John Woodhouse, Esquires, in Exchange for other Lands in the County of Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned.

105. An Act for confirming to the resident Freemen or Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of The Town Moore, Castle Leazes and Nuns Moor within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Castle Leazes and Nuns Moor, respectively.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, called or known by the Names of Wedmore Moor, Churchland Moor, Tadam and Yeel Moor, and Mudgeley Moor, within the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

107. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges of certain Lands, in Balmbrough, Shoeston and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground lying contiguous to the said Manors.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northampton.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollowell, in the Parish of Guilsborough, in the County of Northampton.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Manor and Township of Graffham, in the County of Huntingdon.

111. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Popham Gentleman, with Ann Yate Whiteside his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An Act to enable George Dickerdine Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name and Surname of Rice Fellowe, and to bear the Arms of Fellowe, pursuant to the Will of Rice Fellowe Esquire, deceased.

113. An Act to enable the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the Persons in possession of the said Estate for the time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of Leasing, given by the said Act, to the Persons therein named; and for other Purposes; to raise a Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

114. An Act for allotting and dividing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Quinto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

Being the first Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act to allow the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, under certain Restrictions.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, it was, among other Things, provided, That when the Price of several Sorts of Grain exceeded certain Prices therein mentioned, that the same, and other Grain and Pulse, should be imported, paying a small Duty: And whereas the Grain, commonly called Indian Corn and Maize, was in the said Act omitted, although applicable to the same Purposes with some of the other Grains in the said Act enumerated and permitted to be imported, as aforesaid;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Indian Corn and Maize may be imported, paying 2d. per Quarter, under the like Regulations as Barley is allowed to be imported by 13 Geo. III.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, when Barley is allowed by the said Act to be imported into this Kingdom, upon the Payment of a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter, the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize be permitted, on the Payment of a Duty of One Penny per Quarter, and no more, under the like Provisions and Regulations, and with the like Appropriation of the Duty on the same, as Barley is allowed to be imported by the said Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be passed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

3s.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. V.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, as relates to Wool Cards used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America.

[Preamble.]

[Clause in Act 14 Geo. III. prohibiting the Ex-]

'Whereas by a Clause in an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, the collecting of Tools and Implements

226 C. 6 - 9. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

---

portation of Tools, &c. im tke Woollen Manufactofy, recited)

ftnd by this Act repealed, so fj r relates to the exportation of Wool Cards, &c. to America,

[Preamble.]

Aa r CrO. in Ae s Oco. hi.

and AOs f. 10, II, It, 13, A

14 Geo. UJ.

further contf* nued till March

30, 1776.

Potatoes, &c. from Ireland may be imported Duty*/ice.

'used in the Woollen Manufactare, with Intent to export the same, is prohibited under certain Penalties and Forfeitures: And whereas the Exportation of Wool Cards to his Majesty's Colonies in North Ame~ 4 rica hath been very beneficial for a great Number of Years past, both to this Country and the said Co-

ionics, and the Prohibition of the exporting of them having proved extremely prejudicial to great Numbers of poor Families in England, by the Stdppage of the Trade of making such Wool Cards be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Clause as prohibits the collecting or obtaining of Implements and Tools used in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, for the Purpose of exporting the lame to some other Part or Place than Great Britain or Ireland shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, as far as relates to WqoIQurds, or Stock Cards* not exceeding in Value four Shillings per Pair, and Spinners Cards, not exceeding in Value one Shilling and Sixpence per Pair, used in the said Woollen Manufacture, intended to be exported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion \ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the eighth Year of his present jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon* and Butter^ from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon, and Buttery from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time \ and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Baconx and Buttery from Ireland, for a limited Time) .* And whereas an Act was made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said first-mentioned Act, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And whereas by fix Acts made in the ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

the said last mentioned Act was continued until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five: And whereas it is expedient that the Importation of the said Goods and Commodities.

should be allowed for a longer Time;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign*' (intituled, An Act tfi continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allorf-

ing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in Amerifay for a limited Time'), shall continue, and be in full Force and Effect, until the: thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ftx.

II. And whereas the free Importation of Potatoes and Pulse from Ireland may be advantageous,* be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse,* may be imported into Great Britain from Ireland free of Duty.

---

CAP. VIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

CAP. IX.

An Act to amend an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

"Preamble. Act 9 Geo. III. recited. Great Progress made in the Canal. Power by former Act to raise Money recited. What Sums have been raised; A further Subscription set on Foot. Further Powers necessary. Proprietors may raise Money not exceeding 70,000l. on the Credit of the Navigation, and align the Rates, &c. as a Security for such Money. Form of Assignment. Persons to whom Assignments have been made equally intitled to the Rates. Memorials of Assignments to be entered by the Clerk. Assignments may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Transfers to be notified to the Clerk, &c. Interest of the Money borrowed to be paid Half-yearly, in Preference to the Dividends. Clause of Act 9 Geo. III. recited, as to Payment of Interest. Interest at 4l. per Cent. only to be paid Subscribers until the Canal is completed. Mines not to be worked within twelve Yards of the Canal or the Banks. Method of proceeding when Mines, &c, extend under the Canal. Method of discovering"

---

C* i o#

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. 327

"when Mines are working under the Canal. In case of Danger, proper Works, tfc to be made to support the Canal, ISc- at the Owner's Expence. Miners to give Notice of their Indention to work within twelve Yards of the Canal 5 and if the Proprietors refuse Liberty to work, they are to pay for the Coal that might be got. Disputes to be settled by the Commissioners. Company impowered to take Rates for less than a Mile, £f>V. Satisfaction to be made within three Months for Damage done in getting Materials, &c. Powers of the Commissioners by former Act relating to the Purchase of Lands. Value of Lands and Damages sustained to be separate. Ascertaining of Damages for Lands to be cut through, not to occasion Delays in carrying on the Works. Not to hinder Owners from applying to Commissioners for Satisfaction for Lands, £$V. Power for Land Owners to exchange Lands on the Sides or near the Canal. Company of Proprietors may take in a greater Breadth of Land in particular Cases than allowed by the former Act. Weight of the Lading of every Vessel to be marked, and also the Names of the Owners. Penalty for offending. Clause relative to the holding of Meetings by the former Act repealed. Time and Place where Meetings may be held by this Act. Committees may adjourn, Provisions, &c. of former Act (except as excepted), and this Act, to be in Force. Persons thinking themselves aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-Sessions. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Treble Costs. Public Act."

CAP. X.

An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay, and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode Island% and Providence Plantation, in North America, ro Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation \ and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That for every Ship or Vessel which shall load any Commodities, in those Acts particularly enumerated, at any British Plantation, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture thereof. Bonds shall be given, with one Surety, to the Value of one thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, add of the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of greater Burthen, that the same Commodities shall be brought by such Ship or Vessel to some other British Plantation, or to some Port in Great Britain: And whereas, by several other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, no Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Europe (except Salt for the Fisheries, Wines of the Madiiras and A%ores and Western Islands, and Victual and Linen Cloth from Ireland, under the Restrictions in such Acts particularly mentioned), can be imported into any Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place,

belonging to his Majesty, in Assay Africa, or America, but what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence: And whereas, during the Continuance of the Combinations and Disorders, which at this Time prevail within the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and the Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island% to the Obstruction of the Commerce of these Kingdoms, and other his Majesty's Dominions, and in Breach and Violation of the Laws of this Realm, it is highly unfit that the Inhabitants, of the said Provinces and Colonies should enjoy the same Privileges of Trade, and the same Benefits and Advantages to which his Majesty's faithful and obedient Subjects are in titled ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and during the Continuance of this Act, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, which are particularly enumerated in and by thef said Act made in the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, or any other Act, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay, or New Hampshire, or Colonies of Connecticut, Rhode Island, or Providence Plantation, in North America, or any or either of them, are to be brought to some other British Colony, or to Great Britain; or any such enumerated Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, which shall at any Time or Times have been imported or brought into the said Provinces or Colonies, or any or either of them, shall be shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said Provinces or Colonies reflectively, to any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port or Place whatsoever, Other than to Great Britain^ m some of the British Islands in the West Indies, to be laid on Shore there; and that no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, of the Growth^ Product, or Manufacture of the Provinces or Colonies herein before mentioned, or which shall at any Time or Times have been imported or brought into the same, shall, from and after the fai£ first Day of July, and during the Continuance of this Act, he Shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said Provinces or Colonies respectively, to any other Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, except to the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the British Islands in the West Indies, to be laid on Shore there$ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July, before any Ship or Vessel shall lade, or take on Board any Goods, as aforesaid, in any or either of the Provinces or Colonies before mentioned, sufficient Bond, with one Surety, besides the Matter of such &bip os Vessel, dull be given to the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or

Preamble# Clause in Act x» Car. U, rt» cited.

After July 1,

5, no Goods, Wares, See toi* merited in, and by ActfaCar.II, being of the Growth, Pro-du&. Sec. of MafT.chufet's Bay, Stc, are to be brought into fen© ot^er Bri. tifli Colony, or into Giut Britain;

and no other Goods of the Manufacture of the irovinces mentioned are (# be transported tn any other Place except to Great Brtain or Ireland, Sc c.

Bonds, with Sureties, to be given, besides the Sh'proafter% before taking oft

228

Board any Goods of the Growth, &c. of kid Provinces.

Shipmasters to deliver Certificates of the doe hading of Goods, which ne to be tinned by the Coiledsr I the Port where landed.

After Bonds have been delivered, Collector to certify tbt fame.

Goods laden da Board before Bond given, or without Certificate, are to be forfeited, with the Ship, &c.

After Sept, i, 1775, certain^ Good* prohibited to be brought into the Colonic*,

urrfcl* without Fraud shipped from Great Bri-*a#

C. 10. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Place where such Goods are intended to be laden, or taken on Board, in the Penalty of one thousand ‘ Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship shall be of that or any greater Burthen, with Condition that such enumerated Goods shall not be landed, or pot on Shore, at or upon any other Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, except feme Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or some of the British Islands in the Wffl Indies $ and that all other Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, so intended to be laden as aforesaid, shall not be landed or put on Shore at or upon any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, other than and except some Port or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or <ome of the British Islands of the West Indies; and with further Condition to bring a Certificate in Di (charge thereof, within eighteen Months from the Date of such Bond, for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and within six Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of the British Islands in the West Indies; which respective Certificates shall be under the Hands and Seals of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof; or such Bond or Bonds shall and may be discharged by Proof, upon Oath made by credible Persons that the said Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Bond or Bonds shall be given, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, to whom such Bond or Bonds shall have been given, shall deliver, under his Hand and Seal of Office^ without Ffte or Reward, to the Master of the Ship or Vessel taking in such Goods, for the Sccu* rity of her Navigation, a Certificate that such Bond or Bonds hath or have been given, expressing therein the Quantity and Species of the Goods, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, and the Port or Place for which they were entered; and if any such Goods shall be laden on Board any such Ship or Vessel in any of the Provinces or Colonies in this Act before mentioned, before such Bond or Bonds shall be given, or shall be found on Board any Ship or Vessel without the Certificate herein before directed, that such Bond or Bonds hath or have been given, the Goods so laden, together with the Ship or Vessel, with her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and if any Goods, so laden as aforesaid, shall be landed or discharged at any Port or Place, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, over and above the Penalty of the Bond or Bonds, the Shipper and Owner of such Goods, and the Master or Person taking Charge of the Vessel on Board which they were laden, shall respectively forfeit the full Value of the Goods so landed or discharged, to be estimated according to the highest Price or Value which such Sort of Goods bear in the Province or Colony where and at the Time when they were shipped and laden; which Ship and Goods may be seized and prosecuted, or the Value of such Goods Prosecuted for, by any Admiral, Chief Commander, or commissioned Officer of his Majesty's Fleet or Ships of War, or by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, in the Manner herein after directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of ► September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and during the Continuance of this Act* no Sort of Wines, Salt, or any Goods or Commodities whatsoever (except Horses, Victual, and Linen Cloth, the Produce and Manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence), shall be imported into any or the said Colonies or Provinces herein before respectively mentioned, upon any Prptence whatsoever, unless, such Goods shall be bona fide and without Fraud laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence, upon Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel on Board which such Goods shall be laden; and it shall be lawful for any Admiral, Chief Commander, or Commissioned Officer, of his Majesty's Fleet, or Ships of War, or any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, to seize any Ship or Vessel arriving at any of the said Provinces or Colonies before mentioned^ or which shall be discovered within two Leagues of any Shore thereof, having such Goods on Board, and the Goods laden thereon (except as before excepted), for which the Master, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall not

Customs, certifying

w.

Act set*

extent to Goods, &c. necessary for fut

Skips of War, or Forts, &c.;

-nor hinder the lawful Imports* tion of Good* from the British West India Islands into the said Colonies.

After July 10, 1775, all British Vessel not fitted out from Great Britain, &c. hiking on the Banks of Newfoundland, &c. to be forfeited, with their Tacklej&r.

produce a Cocket or Clearance from the Collector; or proper Officer of his Majesty's that the said Goods were laden on Board the said Ship or Vessel, in fooae Port of Great Britain \ any Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation or carrying out from any of the Provinces or Colonies before mentioned, or the Importation mto the famo, of any Goods or Commodities whatsoever for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Service, or for his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or restrain the lawful Importation into any or either of the said Provinces or Colonies herein before mentioned, from any of the British Islands in the West Indies, of any such Goods or Commodities, being the Growth or Produce thereof, as may now by Law be imported from thence into the said Provinces or Colonies, or any or either of them.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel, being the Property of the Subjects of Great Britain, not belonging to and fitted out from Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man% shall be found, after the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, carrying on any Fishery, of what Nature or Kind soever, on the Banks of Newfoundland, the Coast of Labrador, or within the River or Gulph of Saint Lawrence* or upon the Coast or Cape Breton, or Nova Scotia, or any other Part of the Coast of North America, or having on Board Materials for carrying on any such Fishery, every such Ship or Vessel, with her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, together with the Fish, if any shall be found on Board, shall be forfeited, unless the Master, or other Person, having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, do produce

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.

dtice to the Commander of any of bit Majesty's Ships of War, stationed for the Protection and Superin* tendence of the British Fisheries in America, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or Commander in Chief, of any of the Colonies or Plantations of Quebec, Newfoundland, Saint John, Nova Scotia, New York, Newjerfey, Pennfyhania, Maryland, Virginia, worth Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Bast Florida, West Florida, Bahamas. and Bermudas, Setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel, expressing her Name, and the Name of her Matter, and describing her Built and Burthen, hath fitted and cleared out, from some one of the said Colonies or Plantations, in order to proceed upon the said Fishery, and that (be actually and bona fide belongs to and is the whole and entire Property of his Majesty's Subjects, Inhabitants of the said Colony or Plantation; which Certificates such Governors, or Commanders in Chief respectively, are hereby authorised and required to grant.

VIII. And to the End that the foregoing Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations, may be more effectually carried into Execution,' it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any of the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War. stationed and appointed for the Regulation and Protection of the British Fishery upon the Coasts of North America, or to and for the Commanders of any other of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels employed at Sea, and they and every of them are hereby required and enjoined to examine, search, and visit all Ships and Vessels suspected to be carrying on the said Fisheries} and to seize, arrest, and prosecute, in Manner herein after directed, all and every such Ships and Vessels as shall be found to be carrying on the said Fisheries, not belonging to and fitted out from Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, which shall not have on Board the Certificate herein before required.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower any Officer of his Majesty's Ships of War, or of his Majesty's Customs, to seize any Ship or Vessel which shall be fitted and cleared out from anyjaf the said Colonies and Provinces before the first Day of 7une one thousand seven hundred and seventy-hve, for the Whale Fishery only, and which shall be found carrying on such Fishery within the Limits aforesaid, between the said first Day of June and the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and not carrying on, nor having on Board any Materials for canning on, any other Fishery.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, respecting the Fisheries carried on by his Majesty's Subjects in North America, shall a(Fe&, or be construed to affect, any Ship or Vessel, her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, or Fish, on Board, being the Property of any of the Inhabitants of the Island of Nantucket, employed in the Whale Fishery only, if it shall appear by the Papers on Board, that such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out from thence before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or if the Matter, or other Person having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall produce a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel (expressing her Name, and the Name of her Matter, and describing her Built and Burthen) is the whole and entire Property of his Majesty's Subjects of the said Island of Nantucket, and was the Property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year one thou* (and seven hundred and seventy-five, and that (he was cleared out with Materials on Board in order to proceed upon the Whale Fishery only; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, respecting thq Fishenes carried on by his Majesty's Subjects in North America? shall extend, or be con* (trued to extend, jto any Sniper Vessel, beiiuf the Promrty of any of the Inhabitants of the Townships of Marshfield and Scituate, in the Province of Massachusets Bay, employed in or carrying on the Mackarel, Shad,.aivd Alfewjfe Fisheries only, if the Matter, or other Person having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, shall produy a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or Commander in Chief, of the Province of the MqJTacbufeds Bay, setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel (ex*

.. pressing her Name, and the Namp of her Matter, and ddfcfibing hes Built and Burthen) is the whole and dntlre Property of his Majesty's Subjects of the said Townships of Marshfield and Scituate, and was the Property of one or more of them; on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, which Certificate or Certificates such Governor or Commander in Chief is hereby authorised and required to grant.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the River which emptieth itself into Pajfamacadie or Pajfamaquadi Bay, on the Western Side, ind is commonly called and known by the Name of Saint Croix River, be held and deemed, for all the Purposes in this Act contained, to be the Boundary between the Provinces of AlaJ/achufefs Bay and Nova Scotia.

XIII. And whereas it is the Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the several Prohibitions and Re- straints herein imposed upon the Trade and Commerce, and Fisheries, of the said Provinces and Colo- nies should be discontinued and cease, so soon as the Trade and Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects may be carried on without Interruption be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of his Majesty's Governor or Commander in Chief, and the Majority of the Council, in the Provinces of New Hampshire and Massachuset's Bay respectively, that Peace and Obedience (o the Laws shall be so far rettored within the said Provinces, or either of them, that the Trade and Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects may be carried on without Interruption within the same; and that Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, have been freely imported into the said Provinces, or either of them, from Great Britain, and exposed to Sale, without any Let, Hindrance, or Molestation, from or by reason of any unlawful Combinations to prevent or obstruct the same; and that Goods, Wares, and Mer* chandise, have in like Manner been exported from the said Provinces, or either of them respectively to

Great

229

tinless the Maf-ten, &c. produce proper Certificates* See.

Commanders of his Majesty's Ships iaipower-cS to search all Ships carrying on the bid Fish-cries*

ad to feme, &c. fetch as shall not hare the Certificate before required.

This Act aot to attend to Shipe cleared out from the said Colonies before Tone 1, for the Whale Fishery only j

nor to a Scft Ships belonging to the Island of Nantucket* cleared out for the Whale Fishery* having a proper Certificate.

Nor any fitted out by the Townships of Marshfield and Scituate.

The giver r%w aing ioto Paf. famaquadi Bay deemed the Boundary be. tween Mafia-chufet's Bay and Nora Scotia.

Whenever it shall appear to the Governor of New Hampshire* fee. that Peace ' it (b far restorad in any Province* that Trade may he carried on* be is te notify the same by Proala* marieoj

2 JO

and all Officers of the Customs, &c. are required to pay due Obedience thereto.

If Application be made on Be-r half of the Colonies of Conne&icut' and Rhode Island. See, and k be proved to the Governor in Chief, &c. that lawful Trade hath been carried on, be it to xlfue the like Proclamation.

Proclamation not to discharge Proceeding* upon any Seizure made before i (Tiling thereof.

Personi giving falie Certificates, or counterfeiting, &c. the same, to forfeit 5001.

How Penaltiea ani Forfeitures snay be prosecuted and applied.

Personi food for ny Thing don& in pursuance of this Act, may plead the Cone-oaJ issue,

C. 10. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Great Britain, for and during the Term of one Calendar Month preceding; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief, with the Advice of the Council of such Provinces respectively, by Proclamation, under the Seal of such respective Province, to notify the same to the several Officers of the Customs, and* all others; and after such Proclamation, this Act with respect to such Province, within which such Proclamation or Proclamations have been issued, as aforesaid, shall be discontinued and cease (exc ept as herein after provided); and all Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and all other Persons having Charge of the Execution of this Act, having received due Notice of such Proclamation, are hereby directed and required to yield and pay Obedience to such Proclamation, and to proceed in the Discharge of their respective Duties, in admitting to Entry, clearing, and discharging, all Ships and Vessels, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, into and out of such respective rrovincte; and to permit and fufter any Ships or Vessels to carry on the Fisheries within the Limits herein before mentioned, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Commander in Chief, with the Advice of the Council of the Province ok Massachusets Bay, shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and impowered, Upon Application for and on Behalf of the Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, or either of them, by the Governor or Commander in Chief of the said Colonies respectively, to issue the like public Notice or Notices by Proclamation within the said Colonies, or either of them, if it shall be proved to the said Governor or Commander in Chief, and Council of Massachuset's Boy, by the Testimony of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in each of the said Colonies respectively, and the said Governor or Commander in Chief, and Council, shall be satisfied of the Truth thereof, that the lawful Trade between the said Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode IJkmd, and Providence Plantation, and Great Britain, is and hath been carried on in Manner herein before mentioned within the said Colonies, or either of them, for the Space of one Calendar Month preceding the Date of such Application 5 and frou and after such Proclamation, this Act shall, with respect to such Colonies, or either of them, be discontinued and cease (except as herein after provided); and all Officers of the Customs in the said Colonies, and all others, are hereby required to payjObedience to such public Notice of the said Governor or Commander in Chief as aforesaid, and to proceed in the Discharge of their respective Duties in admitting to Entry, clearing, and discharging, all Ships and Vessels, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, into and out of such Colony or Colonies, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proclamation or Proclamations shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or suspend any Proceedings upon any Seizure which shall have been made, or any Prosecution which shall have been commenced for any Penalty pr Forfeiture inflicted by this Act before the issuing of such Proclamation or Proclamations.

XVI. And it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall give or grant any false Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, #rafe, alter, or falftly, any Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, or of any Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and such Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, shall be invalid and of no Effect.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided, paid, and applied, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, are directed to be prosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by two several Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America ;* for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Extences of defending, protesting, andfe curing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in toe twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastlana Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; and the other passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures infiiCed by the ACs of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act of Parliament, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the said Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall benonfuited* or discontinue his Action

after

A.D. 1775. Anno decuno quinto Georgii III.'- C. nv 231?

after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants Thai! recover treble Chfts, and have the *nd recover like Remedy for the lame, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law. treWt Cost*

CAP. XL

An Act to amend an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, For improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ins, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

(intituled, An Act for the better carrying on and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames

and Ifis9from the City of London Westward> to the Town of Cricklade, in the County <fWilts), the Commissioners thereby appointed were, amongst other Things, impowered to make Orders and Regulations touching the Sizes and Draughts of Water of all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigating the said Rivers, and to settle proper Gauges on the Sides thereof, and how deep they should load at alt Times, and in different Seasons of the Year, so as no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, navigating the said Rivers, should draw more than four Feet of Water at any Season of the Year: And whereas by another Act, patted* in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the said Navigation, the Commissioners thereby appointed were also (amongst other Things) impowered to make

Orders and Regulations touching the Sizes and Draughts of all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigating the said Rivers, and to settle proper Gauges on the Sides thereof,^ and how deep they should load at all Times, so as no Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever, navigating the said River, should draw more than three Feet of Water, which Depth should be ascertained by a straight white Line one Inch broad, extending from Head to Stern, on each Side of every Barge, Boat, or Vessel; and every Person offending therein, by navigating his Boat, Barge, or Vessel, drawing more than three Feet of Water,

or not having the said white Line on each Side thereof, is thereby made liable to a Penalty or Forfeiture,

not more than twenty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said Restrictions, touching the Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers, have befcn found to be very prejudicial to the Bargemasters, and other Persons employed in the said Navigation, and tend to enhance the Price of Carriage of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandises navigated thereon: And whereas the white Lines before mentioned are frequently worn out or rubbed off by unavoidable Accidents, whereby innocent

Persons become liable to the said Penalty, and the Depth of Water would be better ascertained by Pieces of Tin, Lead, or other Metal, to be affixed in different Places on each Side of such Boats, Barges,

and other Vessels may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenjt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after the paffitig of this Act, he subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, or any other Penalty dr Forfeiture whatsoever, rnf respect of the Depth, of Water to be drawn by any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, navigated on the said Rivers, in any District beyond the Flux of the Tide, unless such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall draw more than three Feet of Water, between the first Day of May and the first Day of November in any Year, or more than three Feet and eight Inches between the first Day of November in any Year and the first Day of May in the succeeding Year; or unless such Person or Persons shall wilfully dilbbey any Order which shall; from Time to Time, in Scarcity of Water, be made by the Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at iny General Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said Act of the1 eleventh Year of his present Majesty,* for limiting occasionally the Draught of Water between the first Day of November in any Year and thd first Day of May in the succeeding Year, fourteen Days Notice of such Order being first printed in the Reading and Oxford Journals 3 any Thing in the said two Acts of Parliament contained,* or any Order or Regulation made by the Commissioners, in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof in £ny wise notwithstanding.

II. And, for the better ascertaining such Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats, Barges, and other, Vessels navigated upon the said River V, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That instead of the white Line directed by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty to be had and used for the ascertaining thereof, the same shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be ascertained, as well by Frames, Gauges, or Regulators, to be fixed irf every District, at such Places as shall be directed determined by seven or more Commissioners at any General Meeting, or by three or more Commissioners at any District < Meeting, lobe held in pursuance of the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, as by three Pieces of Tin, Lead, or other Metal, to be nailed or fattened at proper and convenient Distances on each Side of every Boat, Barge, or other Vesselr navigated on the said Rivers, each of which Pieces of Tin, Lead, or other Metal, shall be and contain eight Inches in Length, and shall be placed perpendicularly, so as for the Bottom Parts thereof to deriote the Depth of three Feet, and the Tops thereof to denote Depth of three Feet and eight Inches, hereby allowed to be drawn by such Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, during the different Periods of Time herein before mentioned: And if any Person or Persons shall jiasigate his or their Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, not having the said Pieces of Tin, Lead, or other-Mrtal, of the Dimensions aforesaid, nailed or fattened thereon, according to the Directions herein before mentioned, very such Person and Persons so offending shall be subject and liable to the same Penalty and* Forfeiture which he or they would have been subject or liable to for not having the white Line on each* Side of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, if' this Act had not been made j to be recovered and levied in

the

Preamble!

Ctause in Act'~ 24 Geo. II,

and Act II Geo. III. r cited.

The said Clauflar* now found prejudicial,-

Regulation* wn» der this Act to be obfe ved concerning the Depth of Water*: allowed to be drawn,>

In what Man- -ner the Depth1 ot Water is to be ascerUined.!.

Penalty fid* ne* -glefting the Marks prescribed in tide Act, the /ame * for r neglecting the white Lina*, ix Geu^UI,

2$2

Person* whd have naviga'cJ Boat», See, and incurred Peail-tie re (petting »hitc Lines, Sec, indemnified from such Penalties;

except Peaslciei already paid.

Haw the fifing of the Water to the Injury ef Lands is to be prevented*

Penalty rol. on Neglect of Regulation! prescribed*

Lock Owners shall not alt as Commissioners for setting Water Marks*

Persont thinking them felvet aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessiona*

PoblkkAa*

[Preamble.]

Clause in Art 15 Lar. II. leaned.

C. 12. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

the same Manner as the said Penalty or Forfeiture is, by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, directed to be levied and recovered.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who hath or have navigated, or caused to be navigated, any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, drawing more than three Feet of Water, or not having the said white Line on each aide thereof, before the passing of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof, under or by virtue of the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, or otherwise howsoever; but that all and every such Person and Persons shall be, and they are hereby indemnified from all and every Penalty and Penalties, Forfeiture and Forfeitures, by them, or any of them, incurred, by reason of such Draught of Water having exceeded the Depth of three Feet appointed by the said Act, or by reason of his or their not having the said white Line on each Side of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel j except Penalties and Forfeitures already paid.

IV. And whereas by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the Commissioners are impowered to fix a Mark or Marks at each Lock or Weir, below or above which Mark or Marks no Owner or Occupier of any Lock or Weir shall knowing or designedly let the Water fall or rife, unless authorised so to do, in Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas, flnee the passing of the said Act, great Damages have been sustained by the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, occasioned by the Owners and Occupiers of the several Locks, Weirs, Bucks, and Flood-

gates, or their Agents and Servants, neglecting to draw and keep open the same when the Water is risen to the Gauge and Level fixed and appointed by and under the Authority of the said Act;9 be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Water shall be raised to and be level with the High-water Marks, which shall, from Time to Time, be set and appointed by the Commissioners in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, the Tenants or Occupiers for the Timer being of the several old Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Dams, and Flood-gates, in and upon the said Rivers, or either of them, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be intruded with the Opening an® Shutting of the same, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, open such old Locks, Weirs, Bucks,' Dams, and Flood-gates, and keep open the same, till the Water is sunk below the High-water Maikr so set and appointed: And in case such Tenant or Occupier, or Person intruded with the Opening and Shutting of such old Locks, Weirs, Bucks, Dams, or Flood-gates, shall neglect or refuse to open or keep open the same, as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oatn of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for either of the Countie* in which such old Lock, Weir, Buck, Dam, or Flood-gate, shall happen to be, or before any two of the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty (such Commissioners having nrd duly qualified themselves under the said Act), every such Person and Persons so neglecting or refuting, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; to be levied ny Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by War* rant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of such two Commissioners, as aforesaid, and to be applied and disposea of for the Use of the said Navigation.

V. And, for the preventing any Fraud or Abuse in setting the said Water Marks, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owner or Proprietor, Tenant or Occupier of any old Lock, Weir, Buck, Dam, or Flood-gate, upon either of the said Rivers, shall act as a Commissioner under the said Acts of Parliament, or either of them, for the Purpose of setting or appointing the said Water Marks, or any or either of them, under the like Penalty or Forfeiture which he or they would have been subject or liable to for acting under any Disqualification contained in the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the same Manner as such Penalty or Forfeiture under the said last mentioned Act is thereby directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, and not otherwise.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Hull think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by reason of any Penalty or Forfeiture being levied in purftiance of this Act, he, she, or they* mall have, and be intitled to, the same Benefit of Appeal to the Justices of Peace, assembled at any Quarter Sessions, as is allowed in and by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, in any Case where Penalties and Forfeitures are thereby inflicted.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners, acting by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, to charge further Taxes upon the said North Level, and the said adjoining Lands*

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

(intituled, An Act for draining the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level), it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That JFiUiam Eail of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of Francis Earl of Bedford and the said Earl IVtlham, or either of them, their Heirs and AfSgns, in such Manner as in the said Act is contained, should be a Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, and have

5

233

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 12.

have Succession for ever, by the Name of The Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, with Power to lay Taxes upon ninety-five thousand Acres of Land, allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Great Level, for the Support, Maintenance, and Preservation, of the said Great Level, and Works made, and to be made, in such Manner as in the said Act is Hated and set forth: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Clanfe \» Act

4 Reign of King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, *76*0.1L

4 Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Pro- pridors of Lands in the North Level\ Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level,

and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland), Hating (amongH other Facts), That, at 4 a Court of the said Corporation, held the tenth of March one thousand six hundred and ninety-seven*

the said Corporation declared, that the several Parts of the said Great Level should be distinguished by the several Names of the North Level, Middle Level, and South Level, respectively, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That all the Money that should arise or be produced by the Faxes on such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lay within the said North Level, and all other the Rents and Revenues arising and payable to the said Corporation, by, from, or out of the said North Level*

or any Part thereof, should from thenceforth be applied and disposed of by the said Governor, Bailiffs*

and Commonalty, and their Successors, in and about the several Bnnks and Works in the said Act\ after mentioned; and, in the first place, to raise, make good, and keep in Repair, the North Bank of Afore- ton s Leame, Eafi Bank of Cor dyke from Moretori s Leame to the Foils Bank, the Folly Bank from Cor dyke to the River Welland, the Bank reaching from the Folly Bank to Peakirk Town, and the South Bank of the River Welland to the Wefi Dam at the End of Crowland Town, until the said Banks should be

made of such an Height and Strength as the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Successors, should judge sufficient to defend the said North Level and South Holland againH the Land Floods;

And whereas it was, by the said A<H of the twenty-seventh of King George the Second, further enacted,

That the Lands and Grounds in the said North Level, and the Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porfand, lying within the Manor of Crowland in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, containing t together about forty-eight thousand Acres, intended to be drained under the Power and Authority of that Atfi, should be divided into five Diflri&s or Divisions, in Manner therein mentioned, and Commissioners were thereby nominated and appointed for the said several Distri&s; and the Commissioners for all the said five Districts were directed to meet together on the first Monday in July in every Year,

and were thereby impowered to assess and charge the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds within the said Difiridfs (except as therein excepted) with equal and proportionate yearly Rates am}

Taxes, fo that the said Rates and Taxes for the first four Years should be after the yearly Rate of one Shilling for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds; and so that, after the Expiration of the said Term of four Years, the said Rates and Taxes should not exceed in any one Year Sixpence for every

Acre of the said Lands and Grounds: And it was thereby further enacted, That the Taxes and Sums of Motley so to be a fie (Ted and rated, and all Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, should be applied by the Commissioners for putting that Act in Execution, for and towards the general Works

of draining and preserving all the said five Districts, and particularly in cleansing out, widening, and

deepening, the ancient Branch of the River Nene otherwise Old South-Eau, and in scouring out the Reservoir and Sands at and near the Outfall from Shire Drain to Sea, and other Works, different from those to which the Taxes arising from such Part of the said ninety*five thousand Acres as lay within the said North Level and the Rents and Revenues of the said North Level, were directed to be applied by the said Adfc of the twenty-seventh of King George the Second: And whereas by an Adf, made in the ind In Aa it

eleventh Year of the Reign~of his present Majesty King George the Third, (intituled, An Act to enable 9ro* nl* r*B

the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level cuc<*-4 of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to compleat and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level; and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said Not th Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland). it was enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds within the said Nonh Level, and the said Lands called Portsand, comprised in the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second (except as therein excepted), should be, and the same were thereby rated, charged, and a (felled, in Manner fol- lowing; (that is to say,) All the said Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as therein excepted), with a Tax of Sixpence for every Acre, and the said Lands called Portsand with Three- pence for every Acre; and that such Taxes should be paid to the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty,

of the Great Level of the Fens, or their Receiver: And it was thereby further enacted, That the said

Taxts, and all Money to be borrowed thereon, should, together with the Money arising by the Tax fixed upon such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said North Level, and all other the Rents and Revenues arising and payable to the said Corporation from the said North Level 4 (but without Prejudice to the Payment of a Debt of five thousand rounds, borrowed by the said Corporation, upon Bond), be applied, by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, in and towards the Charges of the several Banks and Works of the said North Level to which the Taxes on such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lie in the said North Level, and the Rents and Revenues of the said Corporation in the said North Level, were, by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, directed to be applied: And it was thereby also enacted, That it should be lawful for the Commissioners for the fi. e several Districts, nominated and appointed under the said Act of the twenty-seventh of King George the Second, to elect eighteen of the

234 C. 12. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

said Commissioners to be a Committee to superintend and direct the Repairs to be made in the said Banks and Works; and that it should be lawful for the said Committee, assembled as by the said Act is directed, or the major Part of them, to direct such Works to be done by the Officers of the said Corporation as they should fee necessary; and that the Charges and Expences of such Works should be paid by the said Corporation out of the Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, aforesaid, and out of the Money to be raised thereon: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should be lawful for the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, of the said Corporation, with the Consent of the Devisees in Trust under the

Will of John late Duke of Bedford, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Survivor, until one of the Grandsons of the said late Duke of Bedford, the Sons of the late Right Honourable Francis RuJTely commonly called Marquis of Tavistock, should attaia the Age of twenty-one Years, and then of the Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assigns, Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, of the Manor of Thorney; and of Sir Sampson Gideon Baronet, his Heirs or Assigns, Owner or Owners of High and Low Burrtmgh Fen; and of Charles Orby Hunter Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Crowland, or of the Owners for the Time being, of any two of the said Manors and Lands, to borrow Money upon Bonds, under the Seal of the said Corporation, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; and that the Rents, Taxes, and Revenues, of the said North Level (but without prejudice to the Bond Creditors for the said Sum of five thousand Pounds), and the said Taxes charged and assessed by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, mould be a Security for the Money so borrowed: And whereas the said Taxes of one Shilling by the Acre for the first four Years, and of Sixpence by the Acre for every Year afterwards, wherewith the said Commissioners for the said several five Districts of the said North Level were enabled, by the Act of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, to charge the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds within the said several Districts, have proved ineffectual to maintain and support the Works to which the same were directed by the said Act to be applied; and a considerable Debt hath been incurred by the said Commissioners upon account of the said Works; and it will be for the Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds within the said several Districts to provide a further Fund for the Maintenance and Support of the said Works: And whereas the said Banks of Moretoris Leame, Cordyke, and the Folly Drain, to which the Taxes upon such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said North Level, and the Rents and Revenues of the said Corporation arising from the said North Level, and the Taxes charged upon the said five Districts by the said Acts of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, are directed to be applied,

have, by frequent Floods, been much endamaged, and, notwithstanding great Sums have been expended therein, are Hill liable to Breaches in Cases of great Land Floods, and the said Funds provided for the Repairs thereof are greatly in Debt; and it will be greatly for the Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands within the said North Level to provide a further Fund for the immediate Repair of such Banks in Cases of Breaches, or Danger of Breaches therein: But as such Purposes cannot be attained, nor the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by the said Acts effectually preserved, without the Aid of Parliament may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

Commissionert poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[

That appointed by act for and notwithstanding the said herein before mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any Clauses in them Ct V ??, L or anV lbern contained, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, nominated or appointed, eleHed

ralVleetingTrn- or chosen, for the five Districts of the said North Level, by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-seventh

powered to lay Year of King George the Second, at their General Annual Meeting on the first Monday in July after the

further yearly passing of this Act, to assess, rate, tax, and charge, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of

all and singular the Lands and Grounds, situate and being within the said several Districts or Divisions, Lands excepted. or any of them (except Great Burrough Fen Common other wise Peterborough Great Fen Common, the Common now commonly called The Four hundred Acre Common in Alderlanasy Little Burrough Fen Common otherwise Peterborough Little Fen Common other wise Flagg Fen Common, and that Part or Sutton Common which lies South of Old South Eauy and also except all the Lands called Hurts Grounds, in the Parish of Standground, and also all the Lands in Oxney and Tanhclt Farms, Chappel Closey Borough Hill Closes, Pad-hams, Peakirk Long Meadows, Pcakirk Little Aleadcivs, and the Closes adjoining thereto, Newar hEdgtr-ley, and the Closes adjoining thereto towards the Weft, and Aerth Bilh gfwoody and the Clofcs adjoining thereto, in the Parish of Pafton% the Lands called The Inbanis, lying South on the Felly Bank, and the Clofcs at the South End of the Inhams called Puttock Clofcs, and also except all the High Lands in Eyebury and Newark, and all the High Lands in the Parishes of Peterborough, IVerrington, Glinton, Peakirk,

Eycy Standground, and Whittlesey, or any of them, and the Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porsand, in the Manor of Crowland)y for the Term of three Years, by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the maior Part of them that shall be present at such yearly General Meeting, so that the said Rates or Taxes do not exceed in any one Year two Shillings for each Acre of the Lands and Grounds comprised within the five Districts (except as is before excepted), and so as that no Part of the said Lands and Grounds be at any Time charged by virtue of this Act with any greater Rate or Tax than the rest of the said Lands shall be charged with; and also to assess, rate, tax, and charge, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porsand, for the same Term of three Years, by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates and Taxes, lo that the said Rates and Taxes do not exceed in any one Year one Shilling for every Acre of the said Lands, and so as that the said Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porsand be not at any Time charged by virtue of this Act with more than Half the Rate or Tax by the Acre that the other Lands in the said five Districts shall be so charged with; which said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, so to be taxed and assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Owners or

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 12.

Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, on the first Day of August, and the first Day of February, in each of the said Years, by equal Half-yearly Payments, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or the-major Part of them, at any General Meeting, shall, from Time to Time, appoint to be their Receiver or Receivers; the first Half-yearly Payment to be made on the first: Day of August which shall next happen after such Rates or Taxes shall be made.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Taxes, end Sums of Money, so to be assessed, rated, ratfed, and paid, as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be present at any General Meeting, in the first place, in paying and defraying the Charges of this Act; and then in paving and discharging the Debts contracted upon account of the Works of the said North Level and Portsand, and in widening and rebuilding Cloufs-Cross Sluice, erecting a Pair of Pointing Doors at Storers Barr, in scouring out the Refer-voir and Shire Drain, and in doing other Works to which the said Taxes of one Shilling and of Sixpence were directed by the said Ail of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, or any other Act, to be applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall also be lawful for the Commissioners for the said five Districts, at one Annual General Meeting, to be held on the first Monday in July, within three Years, to be computed from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, with the Consent of the Devisees in Trust under the Will of John late Duke of Bedford, Lord or Lords, Own£r or Owners, of the Manor of Thorney, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor, and of Sir Sampson Gideon, his Heirs or Assigns, Owner or Owners of High and Low Burrough Fen, and of Charles Orby Hunter Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Crowland, or of the Owners of any two of the said Manors and Lands, toafless, rate, tax, and charge, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds situate and being within the said several Districts, or any of them (except as before is excepted), with further equal and proportionable Rates or Taxes for one Year, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them that shall be present at such yearly General Meeting, so that the said Rates or Taxes do not exceed one Shilling for each Acre of the Lands and Grounds comprised within the said five Districts (except as is before excepted), and so as that no Part of the said Lands and Grounds be charged with a greater Rate or Tax than the rest of the said Lands shall be charged with; and also to assess, rate, tax, and charge, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porfand, with further equal and proportionable Rates or Taxes for one Year, not exceeding Sixpence for each Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, and so as that the said Lands called Portsand otherwise Great Porfand be not charged with more than Half the Rate or Tax by the Acre which the other Lands in the said five Districts shall be charged with 5 which said last mentioned Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, fa to be paid by the said respective Owner or Owners of the said Lands in the said five Districts, shall be paid to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, or to their Receiver appointed by virtue of the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, by the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, on the twenty-ninth Day of September, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall happen next after the same shall be rated and assessed therewith, by equal Hal(-yearly Payments.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, directed to be paid to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Receiver, shall be applied in repairing the North Bank of Moreton's Leame, the East Bank of Cordyke from Moreton's Leame to the Folly Bank, the Folly Bank from Cordyke to the River Welland, and the Bank reaching from the Folly Bank to Pcakirk Town, in Cases of Damage or Decay in, or Breaches of, the said Banks, and in scouring out Moreton's Leame, and embanking the Wash Lands adjoining to the same, by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, in such Manner as the Committee of the Commissioners of the said five Distri&s, directed by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, elected to superintend and direct the Repairs and Amendments of the said Banks, shall direct the same to be applied, under the Powers given to the said Committee by the said Act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Quantities of the Lands and Grounds to be rated, charged, taxed, and assessed, by virtue of this Act, shall be taken according to the respective Quantities thereof ascertained in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-seventh of ^King George the Second 5 and that the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds shall pay the Taxes to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, according to the same Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, as they are now rated and taxed at under the said Act of the twenty-seventh of King George the Second.

VI. And, to the End that the several Taxes, to be charged and assessed determined by virtue of this Act, may be the more easily collected, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds, to be taxed, charged, rated, or assessed, by virtue of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby required and made liable to pay the said Taxes, so to be charged and assessed upon the Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupations; and in case of such Payment by any Tenant or Tenants, who shall hold the Lands and Grounds by him, her, or them, occupied at a Rack Rent or Rack Rents, such Tenant or Tenants shall be at Liberty, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby impowered to dedud and retain, out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, all such Sum and Sums of Money, as he, she, or they, shall respectively pay for such Taxes as aforesaid; and the federal and respective Landlords or Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deductions or Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents, such Tenant or Tenants producing proper Receipts for the Payment of such Taxes; and all and every Tenant or Tenants so holding at Rack Rent, and paying such Taxes, shall be acquitted and discharged from and against his, her, or their Landlord or

*35

Hrvi* h'* c"nM raised are to be # applied.

Commissioners for the five dif» tri.ft«, with Confrnt of Devi lees of the Dolce of Bedford, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr. Hunter, &c. irr.powrrrd to lay a farber Tax for one Year.

How the said Tax for one Year is to be applied.

Lands and Grounds rated to be taken ac« Cording try the Quantity afeer-ta»ned hv Adfc 27 Geo. II.

Tenants to pay Taxes j

and if they hold the Lands at Rack Rents, may ce tuCf iht fa nr Loin their Rent*.

Landlords to allow such Deductions.

236 C. 12. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Orain Lefltct not intit led to 4edu£t the Taxes.

If my Pet fans neglect or refuse to pay the

Taxci,

RwWerB may

enter upon their Lands, and levy the same by Dif-trtfaj

nd if not found on their Lands, may distrain their Goods in any other Place in Great Britain.

G Jods did rained may be f. Id for Payment of Tates,

L>mds anrenacted to remain a

Security for Payment.

In case certain Laruk lenotfuff.cirntly drained vuthin two Ye.rt, Owners, Uc may eieft a Mi 1 or hflfcine, &c.

Landlords, of and from so much Money as the Tax or Taxes, by him, her, or them so paid as aforesaid shall amount unto, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Lessee or Tenant for any Life or Lives, or Years determinable on the dropping of any Life or Lives, charged and afiefled with the said Taxes, who shall hold his, her, or their Lands so to be taxed, charged, or afiefled, by virtue of or under any Lease from any Bishop or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, or the Trustees for the Charity of Peterborough, or under any other beneficial Lease whatsoever, shall be intitled to deduct the Taxes to be charged and assessed by virtue of this Act out of the Rent reserved or payable by any such Lease to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords; bist the said Taxes shall be paid and borne by the said Lessee or Lessees so holding such Lands and Grounds under any such Lease or Leases, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect to pay the Taxes, to be charged and afiefled upon the Lands or Grounds in his, her, or their Possession or Occupation, by virtue of this Act, or any of such Taxes, or any Part thereof, within twenty-one Days next after the same shall become due or payable respectively, unto the Receiver or Receivers appointed, from Time to Time, by the Commissioners of the said five Districts, in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, or by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, by virtue of the said Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, respectively, at the usual Place or Places of Residence of such Receiver or Receivers respectively within the said North Level, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers respectively, or any Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept, under the Hand and Seal of such Receiver or Receivers respectively, to enter into or upon the Lands and Grounds so to be charged and afiefled by virtue of this Act, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall make Default in Payment, as aforesaid, or into any Part thereof, and into all or any of the Messuages, Buildings, or Erections thereupon (landing, or thereunto belonging, with their Appurtenances, and to levy and raise all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him, her, or them payable for such Taxes by DiflrefB of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon the Premises so charged with such Taxes in Arrear, as aforesaid, or in any Mefiiiage or Building thereupon (landing, or thereto belonging; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found on such Premises, then to levy and raise all Arrears of the said Taxes respectively by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment, as aforesaid, which shall be found in any other Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and the Goods and Chattels so distrained to impound on the Premises, or take, lead, drive, carry away, and keep for the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving at such Messuage, Grounds, or Premises, Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress: And if the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall not pay, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money due and in Arrear for such Taxes respectively, as aforesaid, and all Charges attending such Distress, or replevy the Goods and Chattels so distrained, with sufficient Sureties to be given to the Sheriff of the County where the Distress shall be so made, or High Bailiff of the isle of Ely, according to the Laws now in being for Distresses in case of Nonpayment of Rent, within five Days next after such Distress shall be made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may, with the Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the County, High Bailiff of the Ijk of Ehy or his Deputy by him appointed and acting for him, or Constable or Headborough of the Pa-rilli or Place where such Distress shall be made (who are hereby required to assist therein), cause the Goods and Chattels so distrained to be appraised by two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, or his Deputy, Constable, or Headborough, (who are hereby impowered to administer such Oath), to appraise the same according to the bed of their Judgments; and after such Appraisement, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons making such Distress, the Goods and Chattels so distrained to fell, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the same, for and towards Satisfaction of the Monies for which such Distress shall be so made, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained, leaving the Overplus (if any) in the Hands of such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, or his Deputy, Constable, or Headborough, for the Owner's Use.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Lands or Grounds shall at any Time be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be found for levying the said Taxes in Arrear, as aforesaid, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for the Payment thereof; and all Goods and Chattels, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, appraised, and fold, in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Taxes, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied. k

‘ X. And whereas there are certain Low Lands or Grounds in Eye-Edgerley, Whittl'es-meer, Eyebury, 4 Oxney, Tanholt, and the Thirds of Flag Fen, within the Limits of the second District of the said North Level, which cannot be conveniently drained by the Engines now erected for draining the said second District be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Lands shall not he sufficiently drained within the Space of two Years from the passing of this Act, by means of the Works to be done in pursuance hereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners of the said Lands, by and with the Consent of Sir Sampson Gideon Baronet, his Heirs or Assigns, Owner or Owners of the Thirds of Flag Fen, Oxney^ and Eyebury, and of three Land Owners of the said Lands, being Owners of fifteen Acres each, at their own Expence, to erect, build, support, and maintain, one Mill or Engine, to be placed between Oxney Load and the South Corner of the Thirds of Flag Fen9 and to make such

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 12, 13,

237

Drains, Banks, and Tunnels, within and upon the said Lands, and upon a SJipof Ground called jlllerton Gull, lying between the Thirds of Flag Fen aforesaid and the Thirds of Oxney^ as shall be necessary for conveying the Waters from the said Lands through the Drain called Oxney Lead (which last mentioned Drain shall be scoured, cleansed, widened, and deepened, by the Direction and at the Expence of the Commissioners of the second District of the said North Level), or otherwise, into the Drain called Mufcott otherwise Catwater\ and to work, use, and employ, the said Mill or Engine, so to be erected, for conveying the said Waters by such Drains, so to be cleansed, scoured, widened, deepened, of made, as aforesaid, into the said Drain called 'Mufcott otherwise Catwater, except at' such Times as herein after are mentioned; any Clause or Restriction in the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, or in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mill or Engine so to be erected shall not be used. Worked, or employed, at any Time or Times when the Water in the Counter Drain at Northeau Gravel Bridge shall be so high as to be above a Gauge or Mark, to be fixed or let at or near the said Bridge, by the Direction of the Committee of the Commissioners for the said North Level and Portsand for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Mill or Engine shall be worked, used, or employed, at any Time or Times when the Water in the said Counter Drain shall be above such Gauge or Mark as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee of the Commissioners of the North Levd and Portsand, or any two or more of them, upon Proof thereof, on the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses (which Oaths any two or more of the said Committee are hereby impowered to admini (let), by Warrant under their Hands, to order and cause the going and working of the said Mill or Engine to be stopped or discontinued till the Water in the said Counter Drain shall be so abated as to be below the said Gauge or Mark so to be fixed as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Act ton, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding, shall at any Time or Times be commenced or prosecuted again if any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding, shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months next after the Fa& committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Northampton^ or one of them, or in the Isle of Ely, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, or if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting under and by the Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid), at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit, Information, or other Proceeding, shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; and* ki such Case, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution of, or dif-CQjltinue, his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, or if Judgment shall be given against him, her^or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise 5 then, and in every or any of the said cases, the Defendant

"Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover double Cods, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like Remedy, as where Cods are awarded by Law.

XIV. Saving and reserving nevertheless unto the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Ledford Level, and their Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such lawful Rights, Powers, Jiirifdidioirs, and Authorities, now veded in and enjoyed by them respectively, as are not hereby taken away, repealed, or altered.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed, in all FuUlick Ad» Courts within this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleadings

the fame.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Eaj1 and TVefi Flegg9

in the County of Norfolk.

At what Time such Engine so ete&rd may not be worked.

Commissionert may stop such Engine when the Water rife* above a certain Gauge.

Limitation at Actions.

General Idae*

Double CofU*

Saving Clause for the Confer, vatort of Bedford Level.

A.D. 1775.

238 C. 14, 15. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats% and in the Woolleny Linen, Fustian> Cotton, Irony Leather, Fur9 Hemp9 Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot PreJferS9 and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures and for the better Payment of their Wages.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty Atf 14Cco.Hr. yV (intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty- second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture. of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing un- lawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Pressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures 5 and for the better Payment of their Wages) certain Penalties. S therein mentioned are inflicted on Persons convicted of reeling false or short Yarn, but no Provision is made for Recovery of the said Penalties, or of the Costs and Charges attending such Prosecutions, by means whereof the good Purpose9 intended by the said Act are rendered ineffectual ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present After pairing this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the p^lithe several several pecuniary Penalties inflicted by the said Act upon Persons who shall be convicted of reeling false flirted by Aa or short Yarn, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Prosecutions, shall fin case the same 14 Geo. in on are not paid according to the Order of the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons shall be Persons reeling so convicted) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Aort Yarn, &c. by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal; or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices be-DirtTefs^o^he* ^ore w^om Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, together with the Cost9 and Charges of OffendcnGoodt making such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods and Chattels belonging to such Offender or Offenders and if no Goods* can be found sufficient to answer the said Penalties, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress sufficientcan be and Sale, then such Justice or Justices shall and may cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to found, they are the common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or forbVe°Monthd ^ace* w^ere such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space or ooe on. one Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

If Persons think

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her,

1 neTcd^th/8" or Aemselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such miy'appeVto Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the the Seihoiw j Peace to be holder* for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the Cause of Complaint shall arise 5 and the Justices, in their said General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein as to them shall seem reasonable, and and the D?ter- according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which Determination of the said Justices in Sef-blc e Cons, on every and any such Appeal, shall be and are hereby declared to be final and conclusive.

Ami*

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's Dominions in America an Act:, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their £$uartersy and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to his Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, several Regulations are made and enacted for the better Government of the Army and their observing strict 4 Discipline, and for providing Quarters for the Army and Carriages on Marches and other necessary Occasions, and inflicting Penalties on Offenders against the same Act, and for many other good Pur- noses therein mentioned; but the same may not be sufficient for the Forces that may be employed in his Majesty's Dominions in America; And whereas, during the Continuance of the said Act, there may be Occasion for marching and quartering of Regiments and Companies of his Majesty's Forces in several Parts of his Majesty's Dominions in America: And whereas the Publick Houses and Barrack* in his Majesty's Dominions in America may not be sufficient to supply Quarters for such Forces: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that Carriages and other Conveniencies upon the March of Troops in his Majesty's Dominions in America should be supplied for that Purpose be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. 239

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tithing-men, Magistrates, and other Civil Officers of Villages, Towns, Townships, Cities, Districts, and other Places, within his Majesty's Dominions in America, and in Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such Village, Township, City, District, or Place, apd for no others, and such Constables, Tithingmen, Magistrates, and other Civil Officers aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Service in the Barracks provided by the Colonies; and if there shall not be sufficient- Room in the said Barracks for the Officers and Soldiers, then, and in such Case only, to quarter and billet the Residue of such Officers and Soldiers (for whom there shall not be Room in such Barracks) in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be Jrank in their own Houses or Places therdVinto belonging, and all Houses of Person3 felling of Rum, Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses; and in case there shall not be sufficient Room for the Officers and Soldiers in such Barracks, Inns, Victualling and other Publick Alehouses, that in such and in no other Case, and upon no other Account, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Council of each respective Province in his Majesty's Dominions in America^ to authorise and appoint, and they are hereby directed and impowered to authorise and appoint, such proper Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to take, hire, and make fit, and in Default of the said Governor and Council appointing and authorising such Person or Persons, or in Default of such Person or Persons so appointed neglecting or refusing to do their Duty, in that Case it shall and may be lawful for any, two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in or near the said Villages, Towns, Townships, Cities, Districts, and other Places, and they ar,e hereby required to take, hire, and make fit for the Reception of his Majesty's Forces, such and so many uninhabited Houses, Out-houses, Barns, or other Buildings, as shall be necessary to quarter therein the Residue of such Officers and Soldiers for whom there should oot be Room in such Barracks and Publick Houses, as aforesaid, and to put and quarter the Residue of such Officers and Soldiers therein.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That there shall be no more Billets at any Time ordered than there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered therein: And in order that this Service may be effectually provided for the Commander in Chief in America, or other Officer, under whose Orders any Regiment or Company shall march, shall, from Time to Time, give, or cause to be given, as early l^otice as conveniently may be, in Writing, signed by such Commander or Officer, of their March, specifying their Numbers and Time of marching as near as may be, to the respective Governors of each Province through which they are to march, in order that proper Persons may be appointed and authorised, in pursuance of this Act, to take up and hire, if it shall be necessary, uninhabited Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or othet Buildings, for the Reception of such Soldiers as the Barracks and Publick Houses shall not be sufficient to contain or receive.

III. And whereas Doubts have been entertained, whether Troops can be quartered otherwise than in c Barracks, in case Barracks have been provided sufficient for the quartering of all the Officers and Soldiers within any Town, Township, City, District, or Place, within his Majesty's Dominions in Norib America: And whereas it may frequently happen, from the Situation of such Barracks, that if Troops should be quartered therein, they would not be stationed where their Presence may be necessary and required be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Persons hereby authorised to quarter Troops as aforesaid in any of the Provinces within his Majesty's Dominions in North America, and they are hereby respectively authorised, impowered, and directed, on the Requisiti'jn of the Officer who for the Time being has the Command of his M.«je fly's Forces in North America, to cause any Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty's Service to be Quartered and billetted in such Manner as is by this Act directed where no Barracks are provided by the Colonies.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen at any Time that any Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty's Service shall remain within any of the said Colonies without Quarters for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Quarters shall have been demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor of the Province to order and direct such and so many uninhabited Houses, Out-houses. Barns, or other Buildings, as he shall think necessary to betaken (making a reasonable Allowance for the same), and made fit for the Reception of such Officers and Soldiers, and to put and quarter such Officers and Soldiers therein, for such Time as he shall think proper.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers in any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act; or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulfioq to or upon any Justice of the Peace, Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Civil Officer before mentioned, in his Majesty's Dominions, in America, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of the Duty hereby required, or appointed; such Military Officer, for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace living within or near such Villages, Towns, Town-(bips. Cities, Districts, or other Places, determined by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment in his Majesty's Service, upon a Certificate thereof being transmitted to the Commander in Chief in America; unless the said Conviction shall be reversed upon an Appeal brought within six Months in the proper Court for hearing Appeals against convicting by Justices of the Peace: And in case any Person jail find himself aggrieved in that such Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Civil Officer, shall have quartered or billetted in or upon his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Village, Town, Township, City, District, or other Place, where such Soldiers are quartered; such Justiqc or Justices has or have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many

Constable*, stre,

to quarter Officers and Men in Barracks p o-vided for them;

and if not sufficient Room therein, to Kil-let the Ref^ue in Inns, Ale-houses, &c.; and if these be also inefficient* then in hired uninhabited Houses, Ac, to be provided by the Governor, &c. forthcPuf* pose.

No more B Iletf to be ordered than there are effective Men. Commander in Chief to give early Notice to the refye£trve Governors of the marching of Troop*, and their Numbers, that the Person* appointed may provide Quarters accordingly.

Where the Situation of Barracks are inconvenient father Quarters shall be provided.

If Soldiers remain 24 Hours without Quarter!, Governor to order uninhabited Houses, &c. to be fitted up for their Reception.

Military Officere taking upon themselves to quarter Sold rrs, or uhng any Menace to Civil Officers to deter them from their Duty, to be cashiered; unless the Con* vision be re* versed upon an Appeal.

Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to the Justice*, and be relieved.

240 C. 15. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

No Justice having any Military Office to be concerned in billeting Soldiers, except where there shall be no other Justice.

Officers and Soldiers quartered in Inns or Ale-houses are to be furnished with Provisions at certain Rates*

What Innholders, &c. may allow Men quartered on them instead of Meat,

What Officers and Soldiers quartered in Barracks, or in hired uninhabited Houses, are to be furnished with at the Provincial £i pence.

How the Essences incurred thereby are to be reimbursed.

Penalty on talc-in v*. Money to excuft- any Person from bein^ quartered on.

Commanding Officers may cf-change Men in their Quarters,

of the Soldiers to be removed and Quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace, having or executing any Military Office or Commission in his Majesty's regular Forces in America, m y, during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly, ad or be concerned in the quartering, billetting, or appointing any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers, according to the Disposition made for quartering of any Soldier or Soldiers by virtue of this Act (except where there shall be no other Justice or Justices of the Peace), but that all Warrants, Acts, Matters, or Things, executed or appointed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace for or concerning the same, shall be void, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and billetted as aforesaid (except such as shall be quartered in the Barracks and hired uninhabited Houses, or other Buildings as aforesaid), shall be received, and furnished with Diet, Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum mixed with Water, by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling-houses, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Act, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned, to be payable out of the Subsistence-money, for Diet and Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum mixed with Water.

VIII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Person, on whom any Non-commission Officers or private Men shall be quartered, by virtue of this Act, in any of his Majesty's Dominions in America (except on a March, or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised for the Space of seven Days at most, for such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised), shall be desirous to furnish such Non-commission Officers or Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and with Small Beer, or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints, or Half a Pint of Rum mixed with a Quart of Water, for each Man per Diem, gratn \ and allow to such Non-commission Officers or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly i then, and in every such Case, the Non-commission Officers and Soldier* so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that actually does receive, the Pay and Subsistence of such Non-commission Officers and Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned, to be payable out of the Subsistence-money, for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-commission Officers and Soldiers aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such Ncn-commission Officers and Soldiers are quartered, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas there are several Barracks in several Places in his Majesty's fard Dominions in America, or some of them, provided by the Colonies, for the lodging and covering of Soldiers, in lieu of Quarters, for the Ease and Convenience as well of the Inhabitants of and in such Colonies as of the Soldiers/ it is hereby further enacted, That all such Officers and Soldiers so put and placed in such Barracks, or in hired uninhabited Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, shall, from Time to Time, be furnished and supplied there by the Persons to be authorised or appointed for that Purpose by the Governor and Council of each respective Province; or upon Neglect or Refusal of such Governor and Council in any Province, then by two or more Justices of the Peace residing in or near such Place, with Fire, Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, Bedding, Utensils for dressing their Victuals, and Small Beer or Cyder not exceeding five Pints, or Half a Pint of Rum mixed with a Quart of Water, to each Man, without paying any Thing for the same.

4 X. And, that the several Persons who shall so take, hire, and fit up, as aforesaid, such uninhabited Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, for the Reception of the Officers and Soldiers, and w1i'q 4 shall so furniffi the same, and also the said Barracks, with Fire, Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, Bedding, 4 Utensils for dressing Victuals, and Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum, as aforesaid, may be reimbursed and paid all such Charges and Expences they shall be put to therein/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Provinces shall pay unto such Person or Persons all such Sum or Sums of Money so by them paid, laid out, or expended, for the taking, hiring, and fitting up such uninhabited Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or other Buildings, and for furnishing the Officers and Soldiers therein, and in the Barracks, with Fire, Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, Bedding, Utensils for dressing Visuals, and Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum, as aforesaid; and such Sum or Sums are hereby required to be raised in such Manner ns the publick Charges for the Provinces respectively are raised.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer within his Majesty's said Dominions in America shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Act, every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military Employment whatsoever.

XII. And whereas some Doubts may arise, whether Commanding Officers of any Regiment or Company within his Majesty's said Dominions in America may exchange any Men quartered in any Village, Town, Township, City, District, or Place, in his Majesty's said Dominions in America, with another Man quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service/ be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Exchange as above mentioned may be made by such Commanding Officers respectively, provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such House or Houses; and the Constables, Tithingmen, Magistrates, and other Chief Officers of the Villages, Towns, Townships, Cities, Districts, or other Places where any Regiment or Company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. 241

Penalty on Con

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Chief Officer or Person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this Act shall quarter or f^les, &c* de* biller, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any Officers or Soldiers within his Majesty's said Domi- 07bmct°officerli nions in America, shall negle£i or refuse for the Space of two Hours to quarter or billet such Officers or or Soldier*, af-Soldiers wher\ thereunto required, in such Manner as is. by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice ter due Notice; be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall receive, demand, contrail, or agree, for any Sum or or receiving Mo-Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse, any neytoexeufe Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering, or receiving into his, her, or their House or Houses any Sutrtering» such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person within his Majesty's Dominions andonperfom in America, liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refusing to re-refuse to receive or virtual any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her, as afore- ceivelhe ° said; or in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this tXuedon Act, the several Things herein before dirqifed to be furnished or allowed to Officers and Soldiers so quar- them, ortofur-tered or billetted on him or her, or in the Barracks, and hired uninhabited Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or ni/h them with other Buildings, as aforesaid, at the Rate herein after mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before one Necessarie*, a* of the Magistrates of any one of the Supreme Chief or Principal Common Law Courts of the Colony thuActduetf#j where such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or WitnessVs (which Oath such Magistrate of such Court is hereby impowered to administer); every such Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Chief Officer or Person so offending, > any Sam not shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds Sterling, or any Sum or Sums of Money not e*coed*ng 5U exceeding five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, as the Magistrate before whom the Matter shall be nar lc*» heard shall in his Discretion think fit 5 to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person of- 4°*' fending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate before whom such Offender shall be convicted, to be directed to a Constable, or other Officer, within the Village, Town, Township, City, ^rplsdrint0 r

District, or other Place, where the Offender shall dwell; and shall direct the said Sum of five Pounds, or Colony*

such other Sum as shall be ordered to be levied in pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid, when levied, to be whexe the Of-paid into the Treasury of the Province or Colony where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied fenceii com-towards the general Charges of the said Province or Colony. mined.

XIV. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's said Dominions in America Officer* to give may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied/ be it enacted by the Authority -aforesaid, That from and after Notice to loathe twenty-fourth Day of March> in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, every Officer SubMence-m^ to whom it belongs to receive, or that docs actually receive, the Pay or Subsistence-money, either for a n*y in their whole Regiment, or particular Companies, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of every Hand*; particular Sum, which shall from Time to Time be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subsistence, give publick Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act, and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers and others to repair to their Quarters at such Times as they shall appoint, for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay and Subsistence-money to the said Officers or Soldiers, which shall be within four Days at farthest after Receipt of the same, as aforesaid; and the said Innkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and Soldiers so quartered in their respective Houses; which Account the said Officer or Offi- and their Ac-cers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or count* to be paid Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or Soldiers; provided the Accounts exceed not for a Com- Recording to million Officer of Foot, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, subsistence0here per Diem, one Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horses, for each Horse or Horses, for established. their Hay and Straw, per Diem, Sixpence; nor for one Foot Soldier's Diet and Small Beer, Cyder, or Rum mixed as aforesaid, per Diem, Four-pence: And if any Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, mall not Officer* not glv-give Notice, as aforesaid, and not immediately, upon producing such Account stated, satisfy, content, big such Notice, and pay the same, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any two Witnesses, before two of his Liberty's Justices for the Village, Town, Township, City, District, or other Place, where such Quarters were (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorised and required to administer), the Paymaster or the Account* to Paymasters of his Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such be discharged Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing are out ofi, eir Ar* hereby required and authorised to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Officer mr,° or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Paymasters shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: And in case there shall be no Ar- If no Arrears are rears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Paymasters are hereby authorised and then out of required to deduit the Sums he or they shall pay, pursuant to the Certificates of the said Justices, out of ^ne^ohhc'" the next Pay or Subsistence-money of the Regiment to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and Recent, and such Officer or Officers shall, for every such Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of the Ofiicentobc such Pay or Subsistence-money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared, to be ipso faftp. cartiiered. cashiered.

XV. And where it shall happen that the Pay or Subsistence-money due to any Officer or Soldier OnNonpaymeni within his Majesty's said Dominions in America, shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such of Oerters, for Officer or Soldier, or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be or Money*

are not paid as this Act directs; and where any Forces shall be upon their March in his Majesty's said makcap^h^Ac. Dominions in America, so that no Subsistence can be remitted to them to make Payment as this Act di- count*; and give reels, or they shall neglect to pay the same; in every such Case, it is hereby further enacted, That every Certificate* for such Officer shall, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Regiment, Troop, tixc Sum* due, or Company, shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts with every Person with whom

242 C. 15. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Justices may demand an Account of quartering of the Officers and Soldiers, in order to prevent and remedy Abusea in chartering.

Justices, in pursuance of Order* received, are to issue Orders to Constables to provideCarriages for the Troops on their March.

Rates fcr Carriage*,

Carriage* not obliged to carry above xa Cwt,

nor to travel a-above one Day'* March, unlef* other Carriagea cannot he pro*, cured.

Penalty on Constables, &c. neglecting to provide Carriages,

such Regiment or Company shall have quartered, and sign a Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate, so by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Regiment or Company to which he or they shall belong, to the End the said Certificate may be.forthwith transmitted to the Paymaster of his Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the End the same may be applied to such Regiment or Company respectively, under Pain as before in this Act directed for Nonpayment of Quarters.

c XVI, And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billetting the Soldiers in his Majesty's Dominions in America in pursuance of this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justices of the Peace, or other Officer, within their respective Villages, Towns, Townships, Cities, Districts, or other Places, in his Majesty's said Dominions in America, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any Constable, Tithing-man, Magistrate, or other Chief Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices, or other Officer requiring the same, of the Number of Officeis and Soldiers who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom, and the Barracks and hired uninhabited Houses, or other Buildings, as aforesaid, in which and where every such Officer or Soldier shall be quarteied or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper or Person dwells, and where every such Barrack or hired uninhabited House or Building is or are, and of the Signs (if any) which belong to their Houses, to the End that it may appear to the said Justice or Justices, or other Officer* where such Officers or Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billetting the m.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for his Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, in his Majesty's said Dominions in America, all Justices of the Peace within their several Villages, Towns, Townships, Cities, Districts, and Places, being duly required thereunto by an Order from his Majesty, or the General of his Forces, or of the General commanding, or the Commanding Officer there, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the Quarter-master. Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, or Company, so ordered to march* issue out his or their Warrants to the Constables, Tithingmen, Magift.ates, or other Officers of the Villages, Towns, Townships* Cities, Districts, and other Places, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, or Company, shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them reasonable Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Village, Town, Township, City, District* jr other Place, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Village, Town, Township, City, District, or other Place, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the Officers as aforesaid, issue his or their Warrants to the Constables, Tithingmen, Magistrates, or other Officers of such next Village, Town, Township, City, District, or other Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and such Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Officer, shall order or appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Villages, Towns, Townships, Cities, Districts, or other Places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnifti such Carriages and Men according to the Warrant aforesaid; who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay or Hire for a New York Waggon, carrying twelve hundred Pounds Gross Weight, shall be Seven-pence Sterling for each Mile, and for every other Carriage rn that and every other Colony in his Majesty's said Dominions in America, in the same Proportion; and at or after the same Rate or Price for what Weight every such other Carriage shall carry; and that the first Day's Pay or Hire for every such Carriage shall be paid down by such Officer to such Constable* Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Civil Officer, who shall get or procure such Carriages for the Use of the Owner or Owners thereof 5 and the Pay or Hire for every such Carriage after the first Day, shall be paid every Day, from Day to Day, by such Officer as aforesaid, into the Hands of the Driver or Drivers of such Carriages respectively, until such Carriages shall be discharged from such Service, for the Use of the Owner and Owners thereof.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, imprest by Authority of this Act, shall be obliged or liable, by virtue of this Act, to carry above twelve hundred Weight, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, That no such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, shall be obliged to travel more than one Day's March, if within that Time they shall arrive at any other Place where other Carriages may be procured; but in case other sufficient Carriages cannot be procured, then such Carriages shall be obliged to continue in the Service till they shall arrive at such Village, Town, Township, City, District, or Other Place, where proper and sufficient Carriages for the Service of the Forces may be procured.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Civil Officer, within his Majesty's Dominions in America, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices of the Peace as shall be directed to them for providing Carriages, as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons appointed by such Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Civil Officer, to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of the said Warrants may be delayed, hindered, or frustrated every such Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. 243

Civil Officer, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings Sterling, nor less than twenty Shillings, to be paid into the Treasury of the Province where any such Offence shall be committed; to be applied towards the aforesaid contingent Charges of the Province: And all and every such Offence and Offences, and all and every other Offence and Offences in this A6i mentioned, and not otherwise provided, shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Village, Town, Tov/nship, City, Distridfc, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner.

XXII. And whereas the Allowance hereby provided for the Payment of the Carriages that may be necessary in the Marching of Troops may not be a sufficient Compensation for the same, and to satisfy the Constables, Tithingmen, Magistrates, and other Civil Officers, their Charges and Expences thereinfor Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constables, Tithingmen, Magistrates, and Civil Officers procuring such Carriages, shall pay a reasonable Expence or Price for every Carriage so procured; and that every such Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, Civjl Officer, or other Person, shall be repaid what he or they shall so expend, together with his or their own Charges and Expences attending the same, by the Province or Colony where the same shall arise.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall be necessary to take Waggons or other Carriages for long Marches, beyond the Settlements, an Appraise-ment shall be made of the Value of such Horses and Carriages, at the Time of the taking them up to be employed in such Marches beyond the Settlements, by two indifferent Persons, one to be chosen by the Commanding Officer of such Forces, and the other by the Owner of such Cattle or Carriages, a Certificate of which Appraisement shall be given to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle or Carriages respectively: And in case any of the Cattle or Carriages, so taken up for such Service, shall, in the Execution thereof, be lost or destroyed; that then, and in every such Case, upon producing the said Certificate, and proper Vouchers, upon Oath, of such Loss or Destruction, to the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, the said Paymaster shall, and he is hereby required to pay to the respective Owners of such Cattle or Carriages the Sums specified in such Certificates and Vouchers to be the Value of such Cattle or Carriages so lost or destroyed.

XXIV. And whereas several Soldiers, being duly inlisted in his Majesty's Service, do often desert such Service ;' for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Tithingman, Magistrate, or other Civil Officer, of the Village, Town, Township, City, District, or Place, within the said Dominions in America, where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended; and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, or other Chief Ma-cistrate, living in or near such Village, Town, Township, City, Distritft, or Place, who hath hereby rower to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, it shall appear or be found that such suspetfed Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Regiment or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, shall forthwith cause him to b« conveyed to the Gaol of the Village, Town, Township, City, District, County, or Place, where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Village, Town, Township, City, District, County, or Place, where such Deserter shall be apprehended, and transmit an Account thereof to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces in the said Dominions in America, or to the Commanding Officer of the Forces posted nearest to such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrate or Magistrates for the Time being, to the End that such Person may be proceeded against according to Law: And the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter or Deserters, during the Time that he or they shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter or Deserters, but shall not be intitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of such Deserter or Deserters, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any Deserter from his Majesty's Service, within his Majesty's said Dominions in America, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, from any Soldier or Deserter. or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, within his Majesty's Dominions in America, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offenders, one Moiety of the said first>mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended, and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Soldier did belong: And in case any such Offenders, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters, or having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King; or having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Adf, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction; then, and

Colony to repay the extra Expencei of Carriage*.

Where Carriage! shall be necessarily pro\i-rd for long Marc hr* beyond the Settlements, the Horses and Carriages to be fairly ippraised; and if ioft or destroyed, to be paid for according to Certificate.

Deserten may be apprehended,

tnd committed,

Gaoler to receive their Sub« fiftener-rooaey for Maintenance, but no Fee for their Imprisonment.

Penalty on Persons harbouring Deserters, or buying Soldiers Arms or Clothes, &c.

244 C. 15. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Persons persuading Soldiers to desert, to forfeit 40 L

or suffer six Months Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court.

When Actions may be commenced.

Penalty 201. if any Omcer break open a House to search for Deserters without Warrant.

Person* not being Soldiers committing any Offences in any FortorGarrifon, &c. not within the Jurisdiction of any Civil Government

nay be apprehended i, gnd being charged on Oath with the Offt nee, may be committed to safe Custody till delivered over to the Civil Magistrate.

Suits in what Courts to be prosecuted.

How the Troop! T« to pay in passing Ferries.

in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Monthj, or cause such Offender to be publickly whipt, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XXVI. And whereas evil-disposed Persons frequently endeavour to delude his Majesty's good Subjects who have engaged themselves as Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty and their Country, and to prevail with them to desert the same;' for Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of Offenders in that Behalf, within his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in Americar, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever (other than' such as are or shall be inlisted as Soldiers, against whom sufficient Remedy is already provided by Law), shall, by Words, or other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, persuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, to desert or leave such Service, or shall go about and endeavour, in Manner aforesaid, to persuade, prevail, or procure, such Soldier or Soldiers to desert or leave such Service as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, the Sum of forty.Pounds; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within the Province or Place where the Offence shall be committed, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of L2W, shall be allowed; and if it shall happen that such Offender, so convicted as aforesaid, shall not have Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the Amount or Value of the said Sum of forty Pounds, to pay and satisfy the said Penalty, or that from the Circumstances or Heinousness of the Crime it shall be thought proper and convenient, the Court before which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid shall award the said Offender to Prison, thereto remain for any Time not exceeding six Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and also to stand in the Pillory for the Space of one Hour, in Tome Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed, in open Market there, or in the Market Town itself where the Fast was committed.

XXVII. Provided always, That no such Action shall be brought, or Prosecution carried on, by virtue* of this Act, unless the same be commenced within six Months after the Offence committed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Commission Officer shall break open any House within his Majesty's Dominions in America, to search for Deserters, without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace, and in the Day-time; and that every Commission Officer who shall in the Night, or without Warrant from one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace (which said Warrants the said Justice or Justices are hereby impowered to grant), forcibly enter into, or break open, the Dwelling-house or Outhouses of any Person whatsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXIX. And whereas several Crimes and Offences have been and may be committed by several Persons not being Soldiers, at several Forts or Garrisons, and several other Places within his Majesty's Domi- nions in America, which are not within the Limits or Jurisdiction of any Civil Government there hitherto established, and which Crimes and Offences are not properly cognizable or triable and punishable by a 4 Court-martial, but by the Civil Magistrate, by Means whereof several great Crimes and Offences may go unpunished, to the great Scandal of Government ;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fivt, and for so long afterwards as this Act shall continue in Force, if any Person or Persons, not being a Soldier or Soldiers, do or shall commit any Crime or Crimes, or Offence or Offences, in any of the said Forts, Garrisons, or Places, within his Majesty's Dominions in America, which are not within the Limits or Jurisdiction of any Civil Government hitherto established, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and to carry him, her, or them, before the Commanding Officer for the Time being of his Majesty's Forces there; and such Offender being charged upon Oath, in Writing, before the said Commanding Officer, and which Oath the said Commanding Officer is hereby impowered to administer, that then, and in every such Case, the said Commanding Officer shall receive and take into his Custody, and safely keep every such Offender, and shall convey and deliver, or cause to be conveyed and delivered, with all convenient Speed, every such Offender to the Civil Magistrate of the next adjoining Province, together with the Cause of his or her Detainer, to be committed and dealt with by such Civil Magistrates or Magistrate according to Law; and every such Civil Magistrate is hereby commanded and required to commit every such Offender, that he or she may be dealt with according to Law; and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to prosecute and try every such Offender in the Court of such Province or Colony where Crimes and Offences of the like Nature are usually tried, and where the same would be properly tried, in case such Crime or Offence had been committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court; and such Crime shall and may be alledged to be committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court; and such Court shall and may proceed therein to Trial, Judgment, and Execution, in the same Manner as if such Crime or Offence had been really committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court, any Law, Usage, Custom, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action, or Suit, against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, or the said other in Part recited Act, in any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, shall be brought and prosecuted in and before some principal Court of Record in the Colony where such Matter or Thing shall be done or committed; and in case the same shall not be done or committed within the Jurisdiction of any such Court, then in the Court of the Colony next to the Place where the same shall be done and committed, and in no other Court whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have Occasion in their March, in any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, to pass regular

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 16. 245

Pecuniary Penalties to be paid at the Rate of 4s. 8d. Sterling the Spinifti milled Dollar,

This Act not to

extend to any Province, while any Law of such Province for providing Quarter*, &c. shall be in Force,

Civil ^fagi-flnres, &c. may* by mutual A-grerment, provide Quarters, &c.

Limitation of A3 ion s.

[General Issue.]

Ferries, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer either to pass over with his Party as Passengers, or to hire the Ferry-boat entire to himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time in his Option; and in case he shall chuse to take PafLge for himself and Party as Passengers, he shall only pay for himself, and for each Person, Officer or Soldier, under his Command, Half of the ordinary Rate payable by (ingle' Persons at any such Ferry; and in case he shall hire the Ferry-boat for himself and Party, he shall pay Half of the ordinary Rate for such Boat or Boats; and in such Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all Passengers hire Boats at the Rate they can agree for. Officers-with or without Parties are to agree for Boats at the Rates that other Persons do in the like cases.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sum and Sums of Money mentioned in this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever to be incurred or forfeited for any Offeree, Cause, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to be done, committed, or omitted to be done, in his Majesty's Colonies and Dominions in America, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be, and shall be paid and forfeited in lawful Money of the Colony or Place where the same shall be forfeited or become due, at the Rate of four Shillings and Fight-pence Sterling Money for a Spanish milled Dollar, and not othersife.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, touching the quartering his Majesty's Forces, and the supplying them in their Quarters, and the furnishing Carriages on their Marches, and on other necessary Occasions, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Province, Colony, or Plantation, during such Time as any Law of such Province, Colony, or Plantation, which shall have received the Confirmation of his Majesty in Council, shall be in Force for providing Quarters for his Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for furnishing them in their Quarters, and for providing Carriages for them on Marches, or on any other necessary Occasion, within such Province, Colony, or Plantation.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Troops shall march through, or be Rationed in, any Place in North America, it shall and may be lawful for the Civil Magistrates, Scleft-men, or other Person or Persons (appointed by Act of Parliament, or by any Law of such Province, Colony, or Plantation, as aforesaid, to quarter and make Provision for Troops), as likewise for the Officer commanding the Troops so marching or (lationed, as aforesaid, by mutual Agreement, signed by the respective Parties, to provide Quarters for the said Troops, in ary Manner most convenient to them and to the Country, any Act or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding, so as that no Expence be brought on the Crown by such Agreement,

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Act, Matter, or Thing* done or acted in pursuance of this Act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or Persons so sued to plead thereto the General Issue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give the special Matter in Evidence to the Jury who shall try the Cause; and if the Verdict therein shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall become nonsuit, or fusser a Discontinuance, or by any other Means Judgment therein shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; that in every such Case the Justice or Justices, or other Judge or Judges of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, shall, by Force and Virtue of this Act, allow unto such Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Costs, which he or they shall have sustained or be put to by reason of the Defence of such Suit, for which Costs such Defendant and Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Cods are by the Law given to Defendants.

XXXVI. And whereas, during the Continuance of this Act, there may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of feme of his Majesty's Marine Forces in some Parts of his Majesty's Dominions in America ;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all and Angular the Clauses and Provisions herein mentioned and contained, as well relating to the quartering and billeting of his Majesty's Land Forces in his Dominions in America, and providing them with Carriages on their Marches, as also relating to 'all and every other Provision, Regulation, Penalty, Punishment,

Matter, and Thing, herein provided, enacted, and made, with respect to the said Land Forces, shall be deemed, construed, and taken to extend, and the same, and all and every Part and Parts thereof, and of this Act, are, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, hereby extended to his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, in any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Marine Forces had herein been particularly mentioned in Conjunction with his Majesty's other Forces.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall continue and be in Force in all his Majesty's Dominions in America, from the twenty-f<Hjrth Day of March, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, until the twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enable Sir Nigel Gresley Baronet, and Nigel BorJcyer Gresley Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a navigable Cut or Canal from certain Coal Mines in Apedale to Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Sir Nigel Gresley Baronet, and Niger Bowyer Gresley Esquire, Son and Heir-apparent of the said Sir Nigel Gresley, are Proprietors of several considerable Mines, Rows, and Veins of Coal, situate within the Manor of Apedale, in the County of Stafford: And whereas the making a navigable Cut or Canal from the said Coal Mines to Neweajllt under Lyme, in the said County, will be of

Treble Costs.

This Act to extend to Marine Forces while on Shore in America.

This Act to be in Force from March 24, 1775, to March 24, 1777.

246 C. 16. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Sir Nigel Gresley Baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Gresley Esquire, impowered to make a Cut or Canal;

and to enter upon Lands of other Persons, and dig and remove Earth, &c.

particular Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parts adjacent, and of publick Utility:

And whereas the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley are the Proprietors of a considerable Part of the Lands through which the said Cut or Canal is proposed to be made, and are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to make and maintain such Cut or Canal ;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, FirNigelGreflcy and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Nigel Gresley, Baronet, andni- and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from gel Bowyercref- and after the passing of this Act, at their own Costs and Charges, to make, maintain, and fjpport, a navigable Cut or Canal, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said Coal Mines of them the said Sir Nigel Gresley, and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, situate in Apedale aforesaid, by Chesterton and Holditck, to Newcastle under Lyme aforesaid, and to supply the said Cut or Canal whilst the same shall be making, and when made, with Water from the said Coal Mines, and from such Springs as shall be found in making the same, and also from such Brooks, Streams, and Watercourses, as. shall or may communicate with the said Cut or Canal, or be found within the Distance of one thousand Yards of any Part thereof; and for that Purpose the said Sir Nigel Gresley, and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, and their Agents, Servants, Workmen and Labourers, are hereby authorised and impowered, in, upon, and through the Lands and Grounds of or belonging to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever (not being at this Time Ground whereon a Dwelling-house or Outhouse (lands, or a Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, Lawn inclosed or adjoining to a Mansion-house), to enter, and to dig, cut, trench, sough, and remove Earth, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, and all other Matters and Things which may be dug or got in the making thereof, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, completing, and repairing the said Cut or Canal, and Towing paths on the Sides thereof, and for making, using, maintaining, and repairing of such Trenches, Passages, Gutters, and Watercourses respectively, as shall be necessary and proper to convey such Water as aforesaid to and from the said Cut or Canal; and for the raising, strengthening, and supporting, the Banks of such Cut or Canal, and Towing-paths, and such Trenches, Passages, Gutters, and Watercourses respectively; and for the making of Weirs and convenient Places for discharging the Water from the said Cut or Canal, and for the making of such Back Drains, Gutters, or Trenches, as shall be necessary or proper to prevent any Damage to the Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying near the said Cut or Canal, by the ouzing or flowing of Water from or out of the same; and for the making, maintaining, enlarging, opening, or altering, any Roads, Ways, Passages, Trenches, Sluices, or other Conveniencies, to or from the said Cut or Canal; and also to make, build, or set up, in or upon the said Cut or Canal, or the Lands adjoining or near the same, such and so many Bridges, Tunnels, aqueducts, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Stanks, Reservoirs, Drains, Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Weigh-beams. Cranes, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniencies, as and where they the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of the said Navigation; and also, from Time to Time, to alter, repair, and amend the same, and to make, widen, or enlarge any Bridges, Ways, Roads, Passages, Cuts, Locks, Tunnels, aqueducts, Trenches, Sluices, or other Conveniencies, as well for the carrying and conveying Goods, Commodities, and other Things, to or from the said Cut or Canal, or Navigation, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, or amending, the said Works of and belonging to the said Navigation; and also to place, lay, work, and manufacture, the said Materials on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Passages, over, under, or through the Taid Cut or Canal, or the Tunnels, aqueducts, Soughs, Trenches, Passages, Gutters, Watercourses, and Sluices respectively, which shall communicate therewith; and also to make, set up, and appoint such Towing-paths, Banks, Roads, and Ways, convenient for towing, haling, or drawing of Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, passing in, through, or upon the said Cut or Canal, as they the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, shall think convenient; and also to dig, take, and carry away Soil, Clay, Gravel, or Stone, proper, requisite, and convenient for carrying on and maintaining the said Works and Undertakings, in or from any Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying contiguous thereto (not being a House, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or Lawn inclosed or adjoining to a Mansion-house), and to construct, erect, and keep in Repair, any Piers, Arches, and other Works, in, upon, and across any Rivers or Brooks, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing, the said Cut or Canal, and Towing-paths on the Sides thereof; and also to construct, erect, make, and do all other Matters and Things which they shall think necessary and convenient for the making, effecting, extending, preserving, improving, completing, and using the said Navigation, in pursuance and within the true Meaning of this Act; they the said Sir Nigel Gresley, an I Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Herrs and Assigns, doing as little Damage as may be in the Premises, and making Satisfaction, in Manner herein after mentioned, to the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Waters, Watercourses, Brooks, or Rivers respectively, as shall be taken and removed, diverted or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said 'ir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whatsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted. -

Land* may be

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the enured for mak- Agents and Servants of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, from

in* Surveys, Time

And also to erect Bridges, Tunnel*, aqueducts, &c.

and place and manufacture Materials;

and make Towing-paths, &c.

Not to prejudice Houses, Gardens, &c.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 16. 247

Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to enter upon the Lands or Grounds of the (kid several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, through which the said Cut or Canal, and other Works hereby authorised, are intended to be made, in order to survey and take a Level of the same, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary or proper for the making such Cut or Canal, and other the Matters and Conveniencies aforesaid, such Agents or Servants making Satisfaction for the Damage they shall do thereby to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Time being, in case the same exceeds the Sum of one Shilling,

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lands or Grounds to be taken or used for such Cut or Canal, and Towing-paths, and the Ditches, Drains, and Fences, to separate such Towing-paths from the adjoining Lands, shall not exceed twenty-six Yards in Breadth; except in such Places where the said Cut or Canal shall be raised higher, or cut more than five Feet deeper, than the Surface of the Land, and in such Prices where it shall be judged necessary for Boats and other Vessels to turn, lie, or pass each other, or where any Crane may be erected, nor above sixty Yards in Breadth in any of the said respective Places, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds shall be set out and ascertained as aforesaid, for making the said Cut or Canal, and other Purposes and Conveniencies herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustee?s, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands or Grounds which shall be so set out and ascertained as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to contract for, fell, and convey, unto the said Sir Nigel Gresley aftd Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the Use of the said Navigation, all or any Part of such Lands or Grounds which shall from Time to Time be so set out and ascertained as aforesaid, either in consideration of a Sum of Money to be paid in Gross, or of an annual Rent or Payment to be charged and secured, as herein after mentioned; and where, by making the said Cut or Canal, the Property of any Land Owner shall be separated into small Parcels, so as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and other such Land Owners, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners to be appointed, as herein after mentioned, or any five or more of them, to be testified by any Writing or Writings, to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of, and attested by, two or more credible Witnesses, to contract for, fell, and dispose of, or to convey in Exchange, in Lieu of other Lands, all or any Part of such Lands or Grounds through which the said intended Cut or Canal shall be made, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices, in Money or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall seem reasonable: and that all such Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what he, (he, they, or any of them, shall respectively do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act; and that all such Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances (other than those which concern any Purchase or Exchange between any such respective Land Owners), to be made as aforesaid, shall, at the Expence of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, be inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford-, and true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; for which Inrolment shall be paid the Sum of Three-pence for every two hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Number of Words, and no more

V. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, and the several Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Waters, which shall or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, touching the Purchase money to be paid, or Recompence to be made, to them respectively/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Trentham, the Right Honourable Lord Archibald Hamilton, the Right Honourable Lord Spencer Hamilton, the Honourable Baptist Leveson Gower, the Honourable Booth Grey, the Honourable John Grey, the Honourable John Grey junior, the Honourable John Leveson Gower, Sir John Aftley Baronet, George Anson, Edward Arblafler, Charles Bowyer Adderley, William Armitt, Charles Armitt, Richard Adams Clerk, Joseph Adams, Benjamin Adams, William Adams, William Adams, Ashwood,

Henry Allen, Sir William Bagot, Sir Thomas Broughton, Baronets; Charles Baldwyn, Thomas Boothby, Brooke Boothby, Thomas Bread, Isaac Hawkins Brown, John Tempest Borrow, Thomas Bainbridge, John Brindley, the Reverend Walter Bagot, the Reverend John Bill, the Reverend John Breck, Clerks; William Bill, George Bong hey, Thomas Beech, Bagnal Beech, James Bent, John Beech, Ralph Baddeley, John Beckett, William Beard, Nathaniel Beard, John Birtles, Peter Broughton, John Bagnail, Aaron Brown, Isaac Bar-bar, Hugh Booth, Luke Bennett, John Bennett, Thomas Bacchus, James Breck, John Bourne, Samuel Boyer, Joseph Bucknall, John Beckett, Enoch Booth, Charles Barnes, Sir John Chetwode Baronet, Sir Henry Cavendish Baronet, Asheton Curzon, John Crewe, Henry Cavendish, William Cotton, the Reverend Rowland Cotton. Crew Chetwode, Jonathan Cope, William Clowes, Charles Corbett, Thomas Corbett, Henry Copestake, Brook Crutchley, the Reverend Doctor Joseph Crewe, the Reverend Doctor Randle Crewe, the Reverend Doctor William Cotton, Smith Child, Thomas Child, John, Child, Francis Cobb, Ralph Cartwright, Thomas

Breadths of the Canal and Towing-paths.

Bodies Politick,

&.C. impawned

to sell and convey L tndt.

Small Parcels of Land may be fold or exchanged*

All Contra&i t<t be at the Expence of Sir Nigel Gre4«yr See.

Commissioners Names;

248 C. 16. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

They are impowered to fettle Difference!,

Cartwright, John Crtwe of Bolesworth, John Clownam, John Clowes, Josiah Clowes, the Honourable Nathaniel Curzon, John Dolphin, Simon Debank, John Davenport, John Daintry, MichaelDaintry, Sir Thomas Egerton Baronet, Eld, Francis Eld, Samuel Egerton, Thomas Foley, Thomas Foley junior, y$A/z Fenton, John Fenton junior, the Reverend Doctor James Falconer, the Reverend Fernyhough, the Reverend JflAw Fenton, Thomas Fletcher, Thomas Fletcher junior, ^A/i Fletcher, James Ford, John Ford, Hugh Ford, Hugh Ford, William Ford\ Charles Ford, Thomas Fowler, John Ford, jfoA« Fowler, Thomas Fernyhough, Thomas Fenton, Thomas Fenton, William Fowler, Barnard Granville, Thomas Gilbert, jW/i Gilbert, James Godwin, George Greatbatch, Thomas Griffin, the Reverend Gresley, Sir Henry Harper Baronet, Sir

Rowland Hill Baronet, Sir Charles Holte Baronet, Richard Hill, Thomas Hoo, John Hollins Samuel Hollins, Hawkins, Nicholas Hurt, Andrew Hackett, Richard Hayne, Leighton Hayne, j^Ass Hayne, ^A/j p£//r, William Hodgetts, Thomas Hi nek I ay, Peter Ilinckes, Robert Hurst, Thomas Hart, #/</? Hadderton, Thomas Hatrell, Henry Hatred, Richard Higgins, William Stonehevyr Hall, George Hand, George Hand junior, Hugh Henshall, y<?A/i Edenfor Heathcote, Thomas Heath, Daniel Heath, John Hales, John Harrison, j^A« Hyatt, the Reverend Randle Hancock, William Inge, William Jervis, John Jervis, Clement Kynnerjlcy, the Reverend Keeling, William Kinnerjley, Sir Edward Littleton, Sir Robert Lawley, Robert Lander,

Francis Leigh, Edward Leigh, Thomas Leigh, John Levett, the Reverend Doctor Langley, Obadiah Lane Clerk, Robert Lawton, John Lawton, Joan Lovatt, Thomas Lovatt, Thomas Lawton, JoUph Lovatt, Nathaniel Lifter, Richard Lateward, William Lowndes, Edward Mainwaring, Edward Mainwaring junior, Hugo Meyncll, Thomas Mills, William Mills, the Reverend Simon Mills, Thomas Middleton Clerk, Thomas Mountford, William Malkin, William Malkin junior, Ralph Moreton, Ralph Moreton junior, James My alt, John Mare, John Mare junior, JeJTon Mason, Francis Mare, Robert Macclesfield, Thomas Mytton, John Atiddleton Clerk, Fcttiplace Nott, Thomas Nicholls, Thomas Parker, George Parker, Humphrey Palmer, John Phillips, Thomas Poole, Thomas Payne, Thomas Rowley, the Reverend William Robinson, Samuel Robijon, James Robijon, Thomas Roy lance, Ralph Sneyd, Jiralter Sneyd, y$A/i the Reverend Edward Sneyd,

William Swinnerton, Thomas Swinnerton, Jeremiah Smith, the Reverend Joshua Stonehewer, Thomas Stone-hewer, Richard Stonier, William Stonier, Francis Stonier, Charles Boothby Scrimshire, Ambrose Smith, J^A/* Sbingley, Joseph Smith, John Sparrow, Thomas Simpson, John Stevenson, Thomas Swinnerton, James Small-WflW, William Sutton, Edward Salmon, j^A/z Tut ton, George Tollett, Charles Tollett, Thomas Twemlowe, George Twemlowe, John Turner, the Honourable George Venables Vernon, Henry Vernon, William Unett, Thomas Uneti, William Unett junior. Sir 7$A/z Wrottesley Baronet, Williamson, Moreton Wallhouse, Richard Whitworth, Thomas Whieldon, Thomas Wedgwood, John Wedgwood, Richard Wedgwood, Josiah Wedgwood, Thomas Wedgwood, the Reverend j^A« Ward, Stephen Wood, Ralph Weston, Bowyer Lcftwich Wynne, the Reverend Peter Walthal, Samuel Whalley, and the Reverend William Willetts, are hereby ap-They are im- pointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting, all Questions, Matters, and Differences, powered to settle which shall or may arise between the said Sir ATgW Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, Difference!, or any Gf them, and the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Waters, that shall or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted; and they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, acting in such Question, Matter^ or Difference, as shall arise, are hereby impowered, by Writing under their Hands and *Seals, with the Consent of the Parties concerned, to determine and adjust, from Time to Time, what

If Parties are dissatisfied with the Determination of Commissioners,

Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or any of them, either by an annual Rent or Payment, or by a Sum of Monty in Gross, to and at the Election of such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons respectively, who shall be so intitled or interested, as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase of the Lands or Grounds which shall be set out and ascertained, as aforesaid, for making the said Cue or Canal, or any Part thereof, and other the Purposes herein mentioned; and also to determine and adjust the Recompcnc* to be made for any Damages which may or shall be at any Time or Times whatsoever sustained by such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of, or interested in, any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or by reason of the making, repairing, or maintaining, the said Cut or Canal, Reservoirs, Trenches, PaiTageS, Gutters, Watercourses, Roads, Ways, or Sluices, or supplying the same, or any of them, with Water, as aforesaid, or by the flowing, leaking, or ouzing, of the Water over or through the Banks of the said Cut or Canal, Reservoirs, Trenches, Sluices, or over or through any Passages, Gutters, or Watercourses, which shall be made pursuant to the Powers hereby given for conveying and communicating Water to or from the said Cut or Canal, or by not cleansing the said Watercourses, Trenches, or Passages, or by turning or diverting any Streams or Brooks into the same, or by reason or means of the Execution of any of the rowers herein contained, by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, in case such Price or Value, Damages and Recompences respectively, cannot be settled and adjusted, and agreed for, by and between the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bovoyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or any of them, and such Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Lands and Grounds, as aforesaid: And if the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, for and on the Part and Behalf of themselves, or any such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons, so interested or intitled, as aforesaid, for and on his, her, or their Parts, shall refuse to submit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied with any Determination which shall be by them made, as aforesaid; and if any such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons intitled or interested, as aforesaid, shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof made, such Purchase money or annual Rent, or such Recompence, as shall be so determined to be paid, or shall, upon Notice in Writing, given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, pr to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 16. 249

Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands or Grounds, for the Space of twenty Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Sir Nigel Greffy and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability, by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement as shall be convenient for promoting the Navigation and other Works aforesaid, or shall not produce and evince a dear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of Stafford for the Time being, or in case such Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, or either of them, shall happen to be interested in the Matter in question, then to the Coroner or Coroners of the said County of Stafford, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issue joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster% to appear before the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than nine nor more than twenty Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Coroner or Coroners respectively; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed, as aforesaid, the said Sheriff of Coroner shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedihy procured, to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve; and all Parties concerned^may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, 'but shall not challenge the Array; and1 the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to summon and call before them all and every such Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in question; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter* in Controversy, which Jury (upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Commissioners, or any five of them, and those Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer; shall inquire of, afiefs, and ascertain, the Sum or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or shall be sustained, as aforesaid % and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall give Judgment for such Purchase-monies. Rent, or Recompence, so to be assessed by such Juries; which said Verd»&, and the Judgment thereupon to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against the King^ Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all persons whomsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the Commissioners, or any five of them, or before any Justices of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and, upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned, and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Iotent of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; to be levied by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants, under the Hands and Seals of the said acting Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus to the Owners thereof, after such Penalty, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deduced.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments, or Property, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the Lid Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, or than had been determined and a defied by the said Commissioners, that then all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest, shall be settled by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and be defrayed by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall he given or made for no more or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, or than had been determined amd assessed by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley^ their Heirs and Assigns, shall have Controversy or Dispute.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons making Complaint, and requesting such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners be obliged to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for

Juries shall te impannelled to assess the Purchase money, &c.

Penalty on (so* ing false Evidence.

Tfn*hie< on the Sheriff, Coroner, &c. who shalt

make Deltaic*

Expences of Juries herw to be pud.

Persons requesting a Jury, ta «Ater into a

250 C. 16. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Bond to prose* cut*.

Commissioners not to receipt Complaints of Injury, unless Application hat been made to Sir Nigel Gresley, Ire. within six Months alter committed.

Upon Payment or Tender of the Monies act'efled, Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Grelley may tit, dig, &c.

All Determination* of the Commissioners, and also Verdict, being £gned, to be recorded.

On Payment, and Entry made. Lands to be lested in Sir Nigel Gresley, &c.

Purchase money due to Corporations and Trustees to be L»d ot to the same Wet.

the summoning such Jury as aforesaid, first enter Into a Bond to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict shall be given for no more or a less Sum than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or than had been assessed by the said Commissioners, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or Damages, as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not, nor shall any of them, be obliged, by virtue of this Act, to receive, or take Notice of, any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained, or supposed to be sustained, by virtue of this Act, unless Application hath been, or shall be, made in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, or to their known Agent or Agents, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon such Sum or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, as shall be contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or to be determined and adjusted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or assessed by such Juries, in Manner respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, to the Proprietors thereof, or other Persons intitled to receive such Money or Rent respectively, or legal Tender thereof made to such Proprietor, or other Person or Persons, or to the principal Officer or Officers of any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined, or assessed; or if he, she, or they, cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept such Money or Rent, upon Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint, for the Use of, and to be paid upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, to such Proprietor or Persons respectively as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, such Lands and Grounds respectively, and the Fee-funple and Inheritance thereof, shall from thenceforth be vested in and become the sole Property of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Grffley, their Heirs and Assigns; and then, but not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the same, and to dig, cut, trench, sough, and remove. Earth, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, and all other Obstructions, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing, the said Cut or Canal, and Towing-paths on the Sides thereof, in or upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which such Satisfaction shall be determined or assessed as aforesaid, and thereupon to make, erect, or do any Works, Matters, or Things, for the effecting and carrying on the said Navigation, and for the supporting and maintaining the same, as the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, shall think requisite, and to have and enjoy the Premises to and for their own Use and Benefit; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify, as well the said Commissioners as the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, for what tkey, or any of them, shall do by virtue of the rowers hereby granted.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Determinations of the said Commissioners, or any five of them, which shall be submitted to, and acquiesced in, by the Parties con-' corned, and also the said Verdicts and Judgments, being first signed by five or more of the Commissioners who shall be present at the making such Determinations, or the taking of such Verdins, and pronouncing such Judgments respectively, shall be transmitted to and kept by the Clerk of the Peace for thq said County of Stafford, and shall be deemed Records, to all Intents and Purposes; and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, as also the Inrolments of such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, as are herein before mentioned, paying for such Inspection the Sum of one Shilling; and to take Copies thereof without Stamps, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of Threepence, and so in proportion for any Number or Words: And immediately on such Payments, and Entry of such Verdicts, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, all the Estate, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person and Persons for whose Use such Money or Rent shall be paid into and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall vest in the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, and they shall respectively be deemed in Law to be in the adluai Seisin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person, having any Estate in the Premises, had actually conveyed the same to them by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale imoiled. Feoffment, with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion or Remainder (against the Issue or issues of such Person and Persons, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoeverL as effectually as a Fine and Recovery, or either of them, would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or o her Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands are limited in strict Settlement, for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands or

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 16. 251

Commissionr.era to settle the Proportion of the Money to be paid to the several Person* interested.

In Default of Payment, how the Monies are to be recovered.

If Costs and Damages are not paid within four Months, the same to be levied by Distress and Sale.

Grounds aforesaid, shall, in case the same exceeds the Sum of twenty Pounds, by such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators,

Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, Person or Persons, seised of Lands or Grounds so limited in strict Settlement, be laid out, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee-simple, and conveyed to or to the Use of such Bodies Politick or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators. Husbands,

Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, for such other Person or Persons, and for such Estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands or Grounds, for or in respect whereof such Purchase money or Monies received in Exchange shall be so paid as aforesaid, were limited, settled, and assured, at the Time such Purchase-monies were so agreed for, ascertained, or assessed respectively as aforesaid, or so many of such Uses as shall be then existing and capable of taking Effect; such Conveyances and Settlements, as aforesaid, to be made at the Expence of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, the said Monies shall be placed out by such Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators,

Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, Person or Persons, in some of the publick Funds, or on Government or Real Securities, in the Names of two or more Persons to be nominated by the Party or Parties interested therein, and to be approved by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and the Interest arising or to be produced from such Funds, cr such Securities, and also the annual Rent for such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where a Rent shall be fixed upon as aforesaid,

shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would, for the Time being, be inti tied to the Rems and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased and settled, pursuant to the Tenor and Meaning of this Act; and such annual Rent shall be a Rent Charge upon the said Cut or Canal, and the Profits and Produce from thence arising.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, cr any fire or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered to settle what Shares and Proportions of the Purchase-monies, or Recompence for Damages, which shall be so agreed for between the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or any of them, or determined and adjusted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or aftested by the said Juries in Manner respectively as aforesaid, shall be allowed to any Tenant, or other Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Interest in the Premises, for his, her, or their respective Interests therein, except in such Cases where the same are herein directed to be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Default of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and at such Times, and in such Manner, as shall be assigned and awarded for Damages of any Kind, by virtue of this present Act, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons intitled thereto to recover the same, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVI. Provided always, That in case the Damages and Costs herein before provided to be satisfied shall not be paid and satisfied within the Space of four Calendar Months after the same shall be so determined or assessed as aforesaid, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon Complaint made to them by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons sustaining such Damage, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of Stafford, authoring and impowering him to levy and raise the Damages, so to be determined and aftested, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the said Navigation, or any of the Wharfs thereto belonging, together with such reasonable Charges as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall in such Warrant direct and appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed upon, Annual Renta to or settled and ascertained as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable on the said Cut or Canal, and Pro- fcc paid out of fits from thence arising, and shall be paid by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley* their Heirs fj|e °* or Assigns, as the same shall become due and payable; and in case of Nonpayment thereof within twenty- i^ca^of Non-one Days next after the same shall become due, the said yearly Rents or Sums may be sued for and re- payment, howti covered with Cost% by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or, at be recovered, the Election of the Parties intitled thereto respectively, may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the said Cut or Canal, or the Wharfs thereto belonging, in such Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wil- Persont destroy* fully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy, inKtbcBanks, ar any Banks or other Works to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be

guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; p

and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for the Space of seven Years to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wil- Personi obstruct-fully and maliciously do any Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, the Wcrki, 01 maintaining, the said intended Navigation, or any Works hereby authorised to be made, every Person fcrtckt sl* *c*

252 C. 16. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Coals, &c. found in digging the Canal, may be taken by the Proprietors of the Lands.

Where Cattle are deprived of Watering-places, others to be provided.

Sir Nigel Gresley. Sec. to fence off Towing paths from adjoining Lands,

and erelt Bridgii, &c. at their own Expence.

NoCut,&c.to be he made acrofa any Highway till convenient Passages be made.

In case of Failure, the Land Owners may fence off Towing-paths, &c.

so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, or shall be committed to the House of Correction for the said County of Stafford for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Lime and other Stone, Clay, Marl, Coals, and other Minerals, which shall be found and dug up in making, carrying on, and completing, the said Cut or Canal, or any other Works hereby authorised to be made, carried on, and completed, shall be laid upon the Surface of the Lands, in some convenient Place near the said Works, at the Expence of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, save and except such Lime and other Stone, Clay, and Mari, as shall be used in and about the Works of the said Canal; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons respectively, in whose Lands and Grounds the said Lime and other Stone, Clay, Marl, Coals, and other Minerals, shall be found and dug up, or other Person or Persons intitled thereto, to take, carry away, and dispose of the same (save as aforesaid) to and for his and their own Use and Benefit.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where, by means of making the said navigable Cut or Canal, any Cattle which used to departure in the adjacent Lands or Grounds shall be deprived of their usual Watering-places, then, and in such cases, the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, set out and provide proper and convenient Places, in the Lands adjoining to the said navigable Cut or Canal, for Cattle to water at, in every such Ground where they were heretofore accustomed to drink and water as aforesaid, and to supply the said Watering-places with Water from and out of the said Cut or Canal, if necessary.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bouryer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, divide and separate the Towing-paths on the Side or Sides of the said Cut or Canal, and navigable Trenches and Passages, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be found necessary by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from the Lands and Grounds adjoining to such Towing-paths, with a sufficient Port and Rail, Hedge, Ditch, Trench, Bank, or other Fence, sufficient to keep in Sheep and other Cattle, to be set and made on the Lands or Grounds which shall be purchased by, conveyed to, or verted in them, as aforesaid, and shall, at their own Costs and Charges, maintain and support the same; and also shall, at their own Costs and Charges, make, erect, and set up, and from Time to Time maintain and support, such and so many convenient Gates, Bridges, and Stiles, in and over all the Hedges and Fences to be by them so made on the Side of such Towing-paths as aforesaid, and also such Bridges, Fords, and Passages, over, under, or through the said Cut or Canal, and the said Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, judge necessary and appoint, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds, or Hereditaments, adjoining to such Cut or Canal, Trenches, Streams, Watercourses, and Towing-paths, or any of them respectively; and the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, shall not make the said Cut or Canal, or any Trench or Watercourse, or any Part thereof, in or across any Common Highway, publick Bridleway, or Foot-path, until such Time as they shall, at their own proper Charges, have made and perfected such Bridge or Bridges over, or convenient Passages through, or Arch or Arches under, the said Places where the said Cut, Canal, Trench, or Watercourse respectively, shall be intended to be made for such Road, Way, or Path, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge proper; and all such Bridges, Arches, Fords, and Passages, so to be made^ shall, from Time to Time, be supported, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair, by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or their Agents, shall fail or neglect to make, creel, and set up, such Gates, Bridges, and Stiles, in and over the Fences on the Sides of the said Towing-paths, or such Bridges, Arches, and Passages, over, under, or through the said Cut or Canal, and the said Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses, as aforesaid; or to make such Watering-places for Cattle, as herein before directed, for the Use and Convenience of the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands adjoining thereto, and of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, direct or appoint; or to maintain and support such Bridges, Arches; and Watering-places, when erected, set up, or made, for the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Times to be appointed for those Purposes by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for every or any of the said Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands or Grounds, who shal find themselves or himself aggrieved by any such Failure or Neglect, to make, erect, and set up all such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, and Watering-places, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have before directed or appointed to be made, erected, and set up, by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and support the said Bridges, Arches, and Watering places, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require; and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof, to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, who shall have so made and erected the said Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, and Watering-places, or have repaired and maintained the same as aforesaid, by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, within the Space of twenty Days next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand shall have been delivered and made thereof: And in Default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges within the Time aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them* shall, and they are

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 16. 253.

How the Expence may be recovered, in case of Nonpayment.

Owners of Lands impowered to make Bridges at their own Expence.

hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress E*-

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley y their Heirs and

Assigns, in or upon the said Cut or Canal, or the Wharfs adjoining or near the same, to and for the Use Nonpay*

of such Person or Persons who shall have so laid out and expended the same as aforesaid, rendering to the F 77

said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley^ their Heirs and Assigns, or to feme of their Agents, the Overplus (if any such there be), after deducting the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; otherwise, every or any of the said Owners or Occupiers of Lands, who shall have made, erected, set up, maintained, or repaired, any such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, or Watering-places, as aforesaid, upon the Failure or Neglect of the said Sir Nigel GrcJJey and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, doing the same, or paving the said Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall and may have such and the like Remedy against the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, for the Recovery of such Costs and Charges, by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is in and by this Act directed,

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, through which the said intended Cut or Canal shall be made, do or shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, find, upon Experience, that the several Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, and Watering-places, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have limited or directed to be made by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, in, upon, or over and under the said Cut or Canal, or the Towing-paths thereof, are insufficient, either in Number or Situation, for the commodious Use or Occupation of their respective Lands and Grounds, on both Sides, or on either Side, of the said Cut or Canal; that then, and so often, or in any such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for every or any such Owners or Occupies of the said Lands for the Time being, to make, fix, anderect, at their own Costs and Charges, one or more Gate or Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, or Watering-places, of the same or the like Construction with others made and erected by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, on, in, over, or near the said Cut or Canal, or Towing-paths thereof, in such Places as shall be found and adjudged most necessary and convenient, for the better Use, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation thereof, and to repair and support the same at their own like Costs and Charges, as Occasion shall require, so as the Navigation of,'in, or upon the said Cut or Canal, be not prevented or obstructed thereby, for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner, than the same will be necessarily by any of the other Gates, Stiles, or Bridges, to be made or erected iit or over the said Cut or Canal by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Affifigns, as aforesaid, and so as no Damage or Injury be thereby done to any of the Works of the said".

Navigation.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Lands or Grounds, adjoining or lying near to the Lands or Grounds which shall be had or taken for or upon account of making the said Cut or Canal, or any Part thereof, or any other the Purposes herein before mentioned, to have and use any Boats or Vessels for the Carriage or Conveyance of any Dung, Marl, or other Manure, upon the said Cut or Canal, or any Part thereof, to and from such his, her, or their Lands or Grounds, for the Improvement thereof, without paying any Toll, Rate, or Duty whatsoever, to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or any of them, for the same; and for that Purpose to have free Liberty to make use of the Towing-paths, Wharfs, or Quays, belonging to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, such Person or Persons not futFering such Dung, Marl, or Manure, to lie upon such Wharfs or Quays longer than may be necessary for loading, unloading, and conveying the same, to and from such his, her, or their Lands or Grounds, and making good any Damages that may' be done to the Sides or Banks of the said Cut or Canal, or any Part thereof, by the loading, unloading, or dischargin, any such Boats or other Vessels; which Recompence and Satisfaction, in case of any Difference, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cut er Canal,.

Or any Works whatsoever, to be made by virtue of the Powers of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order, of any Commission of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any other Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to act, the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by 'Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint, in the Place, of every Commissioner so dying or refuting to act, some other Person, qualified as herein after mentioned; and all such Commissioners (o appointed shall, from the Time of their Appointment, have the like Authority, in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had been expfcfriy named and appointed Commissioners in this Act;

Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meetings, being given fourteen Days at leail before all such Meetings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall act ns a Commissioner in any Case where he shall be any ways interested or concerned in the Matter in question; and that no Commissioner herein before appointed, or who shall be elechd by virtue of this Act, shall act as a Commissioner, unlds he shall be seised in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee or Mortgagees, at the Time of such his acting, of an Estate of Freehold or of, in Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, over and above.

Ownert or Occuppier* of J Lands may use Boats for carrying Manuro without paying Toll.

Canal not subject to the Power of Commissioners of Sewers.

Manner of e* leding new Commissioners.

Qualification of Commissioners.

254 C. 16. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Penalty on Pic-font acting if stot qualified*

No Person to at Commissioner till he take ai d fabler i4>c the following Oith.

The Quill*

what is sufficient to pay off all his just Debts (unless he shall be the eldest Son or Heir-apparent of a Peer of the Realm, or of a Person qualified to be elected and serve as a Knight of the Shire for that Part of Great Britain called England): And if any Person hereby declared incapable to act as a Commissioner, shall nevertheless presume to act as such, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action at Law, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as before mentioned, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, That no Person shall act as Commissioner in any Case (except in administering the following Oath) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any five or more of the said Commissioners (who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the same to any other of the Commissioners ;) videlicet,

I A.B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities vested in me, by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in Apedale to Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford-

'So help me GOD.'

Commission.eii who are Justices ir.-y ad as such in the Execution of this Act.

On Applxation of Land Owners, &c. Commissioners may meet for the Purposes of the Ad,

Meetings may be called at *ny Time by five Commissioncii.

No Meeting of

Commissioners to be eft'-dua), unless Notice, &c. be given.

AH Meetings to be b«M wiihm

XXX. Provided always, That such Commissioners who are Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, or who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Stafford^ shall and may, and they are hereby respectively impowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being Commissioners.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon an Application to be made by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, or by any of the Owners or Occupiers of any Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be affected by the said intended navigable Cut or Canal, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, unto the Commissioners appointed by and for the Purposes of this Act, or any five or more of them, desiring them to appoint a General Meeting of the Commissioners, the Commissioners so applied to, or any five or more of them, may and shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, within seven Days after such Request or Application made, to give Notice, in Manner hereby directed, of a General Meeting, to be held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice (such Time not being less than fourteen Days, or more than twenty-one Days, from the Day on which such Request shall be made to them as aforesaid); and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this present Act, and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them, in Execution; and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at such Place as the said Commissioners there assembled, or any five or more of them, shall think proper and convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Meeting wWh shall be appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad at such Meeting, and to adjourn to any other Time, then, and from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, they shall be deemed adjourned until that Day three Weeks, at the same Place where the Meeting was last held; and all Meetings of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be publick; and the Majority of the said Commissioners present at every such Meeting (such Majority not being less than five in Number of the said Commissioners), shall have Power and Authority to execute the Powers hereby vested in the said Commissioners, but not otherwise 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, although they shall not be assembled at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all Times, upon such Request made as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing, figged by them, and published in Manner hereby directed, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioner at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notices, for the settling and ascertaining such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and ascertained* notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Commissioners.

XXXIII. Provided always, That no Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be good or effectual for any of the Purposes of this Act, unless previous Notice of the Time and Place thereof, and the Bufinefe proposed to be done, under the Hand of the Clerk for the Time being attending the said Commissioners, shall be published in the Birmingham or other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Stafford, at least fourteen Days before every such intended Meeting of the said Commissioners, unless the Business to be transacted at any Meeting, of which such Notice has been given as aforesaid, shall not be concluded on the Day mentioned in such Notice; in which Case the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, from Time to Time, adjourn to the succeeding Day, or, if such Day be Sunday, the Day after, and in like Manner from Day to Day, and may meet again at the same or any other convenient Place, and proceed in such Business, until the same is fintihed, without any Notice to be given of the Meetings held by such last mentioned Adjournments.

XXXIV. Provided also, That every Meeting of the Commissioners for hearing or determining any Complaint, Controversy, Dispute, or Difference, between the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 16. 255

five Miles where any Difpufk arifci.

Proceedings of the Commi ffionen to be entered in a Book*

A Clerk to be appointed.

Savin? Claofe respecting the Right of Fuhwy*

If Lands be not fed within a certain Time foe tle Purposes of the A£>, they are to be iccoa* vejed.

Inhabitants of Newcastle under Lyme are to be supplied with Coals for twenty-one Years, at 5 s. a Ton, and for twenty-one Years more, at

Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, and any other Person or Persons, shall be held at some Place within five Miles of the Place where such Complaint or Dispute arises.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Entrie?, being signed by such Number of the said Commissioners as are impowered by this Act to make such Orders, or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed Originals, and be admitted in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever 5 and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may appoint such Person, out of three to be nominated by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, as they shall think proper, as a Clerk, and from Time to Time to remove any Person, and appoint another out of three to be nominated as aforesaid, in his Stead; which Clerk shall be paid, for his Care and Trouble in the Execution of such Office, by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley y their Heirs or Assigns.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds through which the said Cut or Canal shall be made, shall have and be intitled to the side, several, and exclusive Right of Fishery, of and in so much of the said Cut or Canal, Trenches or Sluices, as shall be made in, over, or through his, her, or their Lands or Grounds respectively, so as in the Use or Exercise of the said Right of Fishery, the said navigable Cut or Canal, Trenches or Sluices, and the Towing-paths, Banks, or other Works and Conveniences, hereby authorised to be made, shall not be prejudiced or obstructed, or any Water drained or exhausted from or out of the said Cut or Canal, Trenches or Sluices, and so as the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, shall not be liable to any Penalty, A<Rion, or Prosecution, for or by reason of the taking or destroying of any Fish in the said Cut or Canal, Trenches or Sluices, which shall be taken, killed, or destroyed, through or by means of the letting off the Water out of the said Cut or Canal, Trenches or Sluices, for or upon account of any Repairs or Works to be done in or about the same, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley their Heirs or Assigns, shall be in roffeflion of any Lands or Grounds, by virtue of this Act, for the Space of ten Years, without making the said intended Navigation through the same respectively; or if the said Navigation shall be made and completed, and afterwards discontinued or disused for the Space of five Years} then, and in either of the said cases, from and immediately after the Expiration of the said ten Years without making, or five Years after diluting, the said Navigation, as aforesaid, the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, shall convey all their Right, Property, and Interest, in or to such Lands or Grounds respectively, unto the several and respective Persons or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, who were the Owners or Proprietors thereof immediately before the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, became seised of the same, in case they or any of them shall think fit to become Purchasers thereof, and to pay such valuable Consideration for the said Lands and Grounds to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case any Difference shall happen in ascertaining thereof by the said Commissioners, then as any Jury, to be impannelled in the Manner herein before directed, mail ascertain or award to be paid for the same; (provided that such Consideration, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, or to be awarded by such Jury, so to be rmpannelled as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money first paid by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nivel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds:} And in case the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, upon the Payment or Tender of such valuable Consideration as aforesaid for such Lands or Grounds, shall refuse or neglect to convey the same as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, such Lands and Grounds, upon Tender of such valuable Consideration as aforesaid to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, shall revert to and be from thenceforth vetted in the said several and respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns; and in case an annual Rent shall have been paid for the said Lands or Grounds, to be taken in Manner aforesaid, for the Use of the said Navigation, then such Rent shall cease and determine, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid for Damages done to the said Lands or Grounds by the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Boxvyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, to whom such Lands or Grounds shall be reconveyed or revert as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners or Jury reflectively shall ascertain or award; such Sum or Sums of Money, in Default of Payment at the Time to be' fixed by such Commissioners or Jury respectively, and to be recovered in such Manner as any other Damages are to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Time the said Cut or Canal shall be completed, no Coals whatsoever, that shall be brought out of or from any Coal Mines now belonging, or which may at any Tline or Times hereafter belong, to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, or either of them, their or either of their Heirs or Assigns, upon the said Cut or Canal, or any Part thereof (Cannel Coals excepted), shall be sold to any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Town of Newcastle under Lyme aforesaid, to be used and confirmed within the said Town, or to any of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of SioAe upon Trent which adjoins to Newcastle Mill Pool, for their own Use and Consumption, for any greater Price than five Shillings for each Ton or twenty hundred Weight (each hundred Weight to consist; of fix Score Pounds Avoirdupoise, and to be weighed at the Expence of the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bozvyer Gresley, their Heiis or Assigns); nor for any greater Price than five Shillings and Sixpence for each such Ton, for the further Term of twenty-one Years* to commence from and after the Expiration of the faui Aril-mentioned Term, and fp in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton (not less than

256 C. 16. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

'Penalty 4©!. 0* Failure of a fjf* ficitnt Quantity of CojJ*.

i^roviso respift--ing the Purchase of a Jess Quantity than a Ton.

Proviso with respect to railing the Coals to 6 s. per Ton during -tlit second Term,

"Writing* not to *"l>e charged with Strap-duties.

Proceeding* not

to be quashed for want of Form,

Fines and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

How Justicet may. proceed for the Conviction of Offender*

Form of Conviction.

than one hundred Weight): And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall take or receive any greater Price or Prices respectively than as before mentioned from any such Inhabitant (knowing him to be such) for any such Coals to be used and consumed as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the Manner herein after mentioned: And if the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer GrcJJey, their Heirs or Afligrs, shall, at any Time hereafter, during the respective Terms aforesaid, neglect to find and provide, on the Wharf of the said Cut or Canal, at the Termination thereof, within or near to the said Town of Newcastle under Lyme, a Supply of Coals sufficient for all and every the-Inhabitants of the said Town, to be used and consumed in their own Houses, Outhouses, and Buildings, as aforesaid, at the respective Rates and Prices aforesaid, for the Space of one Calendar Month together (unless hindered or prevented by inevitable Accidents in working the said Coal Mines, or byFrofts); then, and in such Case, the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Boivyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned 2 And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, take the Benefit, or claim or demand the Be- nefit of the Provision herein before made for the Inhabitants of the said Town of Newcastle under Lyme, or the said Part of the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, not being thereunto intitled, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be also recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXIX. Provided always, That in case any such Inhabitant shall, at any Time during the said last- mentioned Term of twenty-one Years, require to buy any less Quantity of Coals than a Ton, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs or Assigns, to take and receive for the same after the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny for every hundred Weight, con* lifting as aforesaid.

XL. Provided also, That in case it shall at any Time hereafter, during the said second Term, be made appear to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at a Meeting for that Purpose afferabled, of which twenty Days Notice shall be given, in Manner herein after mentioned, specifying the Intent of such Meeting, that the aforesaid Price of five Shillings and Sixpence a Ton shall, by the Advance of Labour, or other unforeseen Accidents, be inefficient to answer the Expence of getting, carrying, and vending, the said Coals, and a reasonable Profit to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Grefiey, their Heirs and Assigns; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at such Meeting assembled, to give Power and Authority to the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, to demand and take for such Coals as aforesaid any Sum not exceeding six Shillings a Ton, confining as aforesaid, and so in proportion as aforesaid; and after such Power and Authority given, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Nigel Gresley and Nigel Bowyer Gresley, their Heirs and Assigns, to take and receive such Price or Sum a* shall be so authorised, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Summons, Order, Determination, Judgment, Warrant, Contract, Agreement, Bond, or other Writine whatsoever, under the Hands* or under the Hand and Seal, of any Justices of the Peace, or of the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons appointed or employed by them, or other Writing whatsoever% made in pursuance of the Powers given in and by this present Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp or other Duty whatsoever; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be q-ua&ed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, the levying and recovering of which said Fines and Forfeitures are not herein before particularly directed, shall be levied by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, or of the said County of Stafford respectively (which said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to hear and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and determine the same, and may, according to his or their Discretion, mitigate any Fine or Forfeiture herein before imposed or inflicted); and all such respective Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied in Manner following, (that is to say) Two third Parts thereof for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Newcastle under Lyme aforesaid, and the remaining third Part thereof for the Maintenance apd Relief of the Poor residing within the Manor of Apedale aforesaid; and in Default of Payment of any of the said Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, inflicted by this Act, or if no sufficient Distress can be found to answer the same, the Person or Persons offending, and liable to such Forfeitures, shall, by Warrant or Warrants of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, or the said Borough of Newcastle under Lyme respectively, be sent to the House of Correction for such County or Borough respectively, there to be kept in hard Labour for any Space of Time such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Forfeitures.

XLIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

c BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

c X3 A. 5. is convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Borough of ? Newcastle under Lyme, or for the County of Stafford, [ specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 17, 18. 257

and where the same, was committed, as the Case shall be]. Given under my Haud and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made, Dlftrefi not un. or any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed ,afwful want unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on ofform* account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XLV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved fcrfons thmk-by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or by the Order or Determination ing the r®fclve» of any of the said Commissioners, or by any other Order, Act, Matter, or Thing, done or executed in Jpp"a Yto pursuance of this Act, may, within six Calendar Months after such Order, Matter, or Thing, shall have quarter Session*. been made, done, or executed, and Notice given, complain to the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County of Stafford* who, if they fee'Cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order or Determination, and may order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party or Parties injured, as they shall think reasonable.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifany Action, Suit, or Information, Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in Actions.

Pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions, erein before given or granted, every Suit or Information shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or, in case there (Kail be a Continuation of Damages, then within six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damages shall cease, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iflu£, Geaetal Iflbe* and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall1 be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid^ then, and in such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Actiort, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs;

Double Costs.

the Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

Publick Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice 6f it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have^omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors. Further Time given for these Purposes* to t$tb December, 1776.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of Newjerfey, Penfyhatiia, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland and the British I (lands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in-

[Preamble.]

tituled. An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation'* and by several Claofe in Act

subsequent Acts of Parliament, which are now in Force, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That i»Oar. n. it.

for every Ship or Vessel which shall load any Commodities, in those Acts particularly enumerated, at ciled*

any British Plantation, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture thereof. Bonds shall be given,

with one Surety, to the Value of one thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of-greater Burthen, that the same Commodities. shall be brought by such Ship or Vessel to some other British Plantation, or to some Port in Great Britain: And whereas, by several other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, no Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of Europe (except Salt for the Fisheries, Wines of the Madeiras and Azores and Western islands, and Victual and Linen Cloth from Ireland, under the Re-4 (Iriftions in such Acts particularly mentioned), can be imported into any Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, belonging to his Majesty, in Asia* Africa, or America* but what shall be bona fide* and without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence: And whereas,

258 C. 19. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

After July iof 1775, no Goods, Wares, &c. enumerated in and hyA<f* 12Car.II. being of the Growth, Product, &c. of New Jersey, &c. re to be brought into feme other British Colony, or into Great Britain; and no Other Goods of the Manufacture of the Colonies mentioned, are to be transported to any other Place except to Great Britain or Ireland, &c. Bmds, with Sureties, to be given, besides the Shipmaster's, before taking on Board any Goods of the Growth, &c. of said Colonies,

Sh'pmaflers to deliver Certificates of the due landing of Goods, which are to be signed by the Collector at the Port where landed,

AfterBonds have been delivered, Collector to certify the same.

Goods laden on

Board before Bond j iven, or without Certificate, are to be forfeited, with the Ship, &c.

After Sept, f, 1775, certain Goods prohibited to b? brought into the C Ionics, tinleis without Fraud /hipped from Great Britain,

during the Continuance of the Combinations and Disorders, which at this Time prevail within the Co- ionics of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to the Obstruction of the Commerce of these Kingdoms, and other his Majesty's Dominions, and in Breach and Violation of the Laws of this Realm, it is highly unfit that the Inhabitants of the said Colonies should enjoy the same Privileges of Trade, and the same Benefits and Advantages to which his Majesty's faithful and obedient Subjects are intitled ;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and during the Continuance of this Act, no Goods, Wares, or Mer-ebandifes, which are particularly enumerated in and by the said Act made in the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, or any other Act, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of the Colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, in North America, or any or either of them, are to be brought to some other British Colony, or to Great Britain; or any such enumerated Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, which shall at any Time or Times have been imported or brought into the said Colonies, or any or either of them, shall be shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said Colonies respectively, to any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, other than to Great Britain, or some of the British Islands in the West indies, to be laid on Shore there; and that no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandises whatsoever, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Colonies herein before mentioned, or which shall at any Time or Times have been imported or brought into the same, shall, from and after the said twentieth Day of July, and during the Continuance of this Act, be shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said Colonies respectively, to any other Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, except to the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the British Islands in the West Indies, to be laid on Shore there % any Law, Custom, or Usage. to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of July, before any Ship or Vessel shall lade or take on Board any Goods, as aforesaid, in any or either of the Colonies before mentioned, sufficient Bond, with one Surety, beficjes the Matter of such Ship or Vessel, shall be given to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where such Goods are intended to be laden or taken on Board, in the Penalty of one thousand Pounds if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds if the Ship shall be of that or any greater Burthen; with Condition, that such enumerated Goods shall not be landed or put on Shore at or upon any other Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, except some Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or some of the British Islands in the West Indies; and that all other Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, so intended to be laden as aforesaid, shall not be landed or put on Shore at or upon any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place whatsoever, other than and except some Port or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or some of the British Islands of the West Indies; and with further Condition, to bring a Certificate in Discharge thereof, within eighteen Months from the Date of such Bond, for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and within six Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, any or the British Islands in the West Indies; which respective Certificates shall be under the Hands and Seals of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the Landing thereof; or such Bond or Bonds shall and may be discharged by Proof upon Oath, made by credible Persons, that the said Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Bond or Bonds shall be given as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, to whom such Bond or Bonds shall h^ve been given, shall deliver, under his Hand and Seal of Office, without Fee or Reward, to the Matter of the Ship or Vessel taking in such Goods, for the Security of her Navigation, a Certificate that such Bond or Bonds hath or have been given, expressing therein the Quantity and Species of the Goods, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, and the Port or Place for which they were entered; and if any such Goods shall be laden on Board any such Ship or Vessel, in any of the Colonies in this Act before mentioned, before such Bond or Bonds shall be given, or shall be found on Board any Ship or Vessel without the Certificate herein before directed, that such Bond or Bonds hath or have been given, the Goods so laden, together with the Ship or Vessel, with her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and if ^ny Goods, so laden as aforesaid, shall be landed or discharged at any Port or Place contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, over and above the Penalty of the Bond or Bonds, the Shipper and Owner of such Goods, and the Matter or Person taking Charge of the Vessel on Board which they were laden, shall respectively forfeit the full Value of the Goods so landed or discharged, to be estimated according to the highest Price or Value which such Sort of Goods bear in the Colony where, and at the Time when they were shipped and laden; which Ship and Goods may be seized and prosecuted, or the Value of such Goods prosecuted for, by any Admiral, Chief Commander, or Commissioned Officer, of his Majesty's Fleet or Ships of War, or by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, in the Manner herein after directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and during the Continuance of this Act, no Sort of Wines, Salt, or any Goods or Commodities whatsoever (except Horses, Victual, and Linen Cloth, the Produce and Manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence), shall be imported into any of the said Colonies herein before respectively mentioned, upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless such Goods shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence, upon Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel on Board which such Goods shall be laden; and it shall

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 18. 259

be lawful for any Admiral, Chief Commander, or Commissioned Officer of his Majesty's Fleeter Ships of War, or any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, to seize any Ship or Vessel arriving at any of the said Colonies before mentioned, or which shall be discovered within two Leagues of any bhore thereof, having such Goods on Board, and the Goods laden thereon (except as before excepted), for which the Matter, or other Person taking'Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall not produce a Cocket or Clearance from the Collector, or proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, certifying that the said G ods were laden on Board the said Ship or Vessel in some Port of Great Britain, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any

Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the Exportation or r^Vfor

carrying out from any of the Colonies before mentioned, or the Importation into the same, of any Goods hics* JviIjcOV'* of or Commodities whatsoever, for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other ships of War, Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Service, or for his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; any Thing or tort,;

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or restrain the lawful Importation into any or either of the said Colonies herein before mentioned, from any of the British Islands in the West Indies, of any such Goods or Commodities, being the Growth or Produce thereof, as may now by Law be imported from thence into the said Colonies, or any or either of them.

VII. And, in order to prevent Frauds and Abuses which may be committed contrary to the Intention kid Colonies.

and against the Provisions of this Act, by the Exportation of any Goods of the Growth, Product, or

Manufacture of the Colonies of New jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, from any of the

nor to hinder the lawful

tion of Good* from the BrU'fli West India Iflund* into the

any

4 Ports within the Government of the Counties oV'Newcastle, Kent% and Suffix on Delaware, in North America,' it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be shipped, to be carried from any Port or Place within the said Counties of Newcastle, Kent, and Suffix on Delaware, or either of them, to any other Land, Port, j^nt *Ac* ». or Place whatsoever, except to the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the British Islands cept fD Great" in the West Indies, until the Owner or Exporter of such Goods shall have made Oath, or being one of Britain or irr-the People called Quakers, shall have affirmed, before the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs hnd> tin Oath at the Port or Place where the same shall be shipped (which Oath or Affirmation such Collector or other Officer is hereby authorised to administer), that such Goods are really and bona Jide of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of one or other of the said Counties; of which Fast the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs shall and is hereby required to give a Certificate, under his Hand, to the Matter of the Ship or Vessel on Board which such Goods are laden, for the Security of her Navigation; and in Failure of producing such Certificate, such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods thereon laden, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after directed.

VIII. And whereas it is the Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the several Prohibitions and Re- draints herein before enacted should be discontinued and cease, so soon as the Trade and Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects may be carried on without Interruption within the said Colonies be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of his Majesty's Governor or Commander in Chief, and the Majority of the Council of the Colonies of Nnu Jojey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, that Peace and Obedience to the Laws shall W so far restored within the said Colonies, or either of them,

No Goods to be Gripped from

be made that such G >ods ate the Product, &c. of the said Counties, and a Certificate printed. On Failure, the Ship and Good* to be forfeited*

that the Trade and Commerce of his Ma-

Whenever it shall appear to the Governor of New sets-y, &c. that Peace is Co far restored in the fair! Colonies, that Trade may be carried on, be i* to notify the same by Proclamation;

lefty's Subjects may be carried on without Interruption within the same, and that Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, have been freely imported into the said Colonies, or either of them, from Great Britain, and exposed to Sale, without any Let, Hindrance, or Molestation, from or by reason of any unlawful Combinations to prevent or obstruct the same; and that Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, have in like Manner been exported from the said Colonies, or either of them respectively, to Great Britain, for and during the Term of one Calendar Month preceding; that then, and in such Case, it shall and maybe lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief, with the Advice of the Council of such Colonies respectively, by Proclamation, under the Seal of such respective Colony, to notify the same to the several Officers of the Customs, and all others; and after such Proclamation, this Act, with respect to such Colony, within which such Proclamation or Proclamations have been issued as aforesaid, shall be discontinued and cease (except as herein after provided); and all Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and all other Per- *1! Officm fons having Charge of the Execution of this Act, having received due Notice of such Proclamation, are of the hereby directed and required to yield and pay Obedience to such Proclamation, and to proceed in the *redrt,^ed Discharge of their respective Duties, in admitting to Entry, clearing, and difehamng, all Ships and Vef- thereto*" fels, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, into and out of such respective Colony, in like Mannes as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Protlanmion such Proclamation or Proclamations shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or suspend ?ot »discharge any Proceedings upon any Seizure which shall have been made, or any Prosecution which shall have been commenced for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act before the issuing of such Proclamation or Proclamations.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall give or grant any false Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, for any of the Purposes required or directed by faTfeVtotSfiI this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable cates, or e©un< of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons ^rfdtina.

shall counterfeit, erale, alter, or falsify any Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, required or directed by this Act, or &all knowingly or willingly make use of any false Certificate, Cocket, x>r Clearance, or of any 5

Proceeding* upon any Seiturif nude bwforo issuing thereof.

Persons giving

260 C. 19, 20. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

How Penalties and Forfeitures may be prosecuted and applied.

[General Issue.]

Person* sued for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, may plead $bc

and recover treble Costs.

Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, so counterfeited, erased, altered, 6r falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and such Certificate, Cocket, or Clearance, shall be invalid and of no Effect.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided, paid, and applied, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, are directed to be prosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by two several Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the Britishi Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better, securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Product of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the twenty fifth Year of the ign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations^ and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; and the other, passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the Britishi Colonies and Plantations in America

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in purfuaiKe of this Act of Parliament, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the said Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to hav? been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall oe nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Cpfts, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due to his Majesty from William Williams, deceased.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts, passed in die sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-Gap.

[Preamble.]

Act 6 Geo. III. recited.

Act 10 Geo. III. recited.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-Gap, certain Persons therein mentioned and described were united into one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, with Power and Authority, at their own Costs and Charges, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain, such Navigable Cut or Canal paiTable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and were enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves the Sum of one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, in Manner therein mentioned, with Power, if that Sum was not sufficient, by the same Means to raise, for the Purposes aforesaid, a further Sum of twenty thousand Pounds; and the said Company are thereby required, out of the Monies to be raised as aforesaid, during the Time the said Cut or Canal should be carrying on, and until the same should be completed, to pay unto every Person who should subscribe and pay, the oum of two hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums of Money as should be demanded in respect thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Navigation, Interest for the same, after, the Rate of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds for one Year, from the Time that each of such Sun* or Sums should be so respectively advanced, as aforesaid: And whereas the said Company did, in pursuance of the said Act, raise and contribute amongst themselves, by several Subscriptions, the Sum of one hundred and, thirty thousand Pounds, for the Purposes of making and carrying on the said Navigation: And whereas, by a certain other Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-Gap; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose\ the said Company were enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers to the said Undertaking, any such Sum or Sums of Money as should be further wanted, beyond. the said Sum of one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, for perfecting the said Works, not exceeding

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. 261

the Sum of seventy thousand Pounds; or jt should be lawful for the said Company, or the Committee for the Time being, to be by them appointed, or any seven or more of such Committee, at any of their Meetings assembled, to borrow and take up at legal or less Interest, all or any Part of the said Sum of seventy thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said navigation and Undertaking, as to them should seem meet and convenient; and they are thereby authorised and impowered to a dig 11 over the Lid Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and the Tolls, Rates and Duties, arising by virtue of the said first- recited Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed,

with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who should advance the same, under the Common Seal of the said Company; the Interest of which Money so to be borrowed was by the said Act directed to be paid Half-yearly to the Parties intitled thereto, in Preference of any Interns or Demands due to the said Company of Proprietors, and before the yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to them should be paid, made, or divided: And whereas the said Company have, by virtue of the said last- mentioned Act, already borrowed, upon the Credit of the said Navigation, and the Duties arising the re- from, the Sum of sixty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, at the Rate of four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and have regularly paid the Interest thereof as it hath become due;

but in order to accommodate the said Undertaking, have, for upwards of four Years part, withheld the Payment of Interest for the said Sum of one hundred and thirty thousand Pound* due to themselves;

which Interest being computed to the eighteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy- five, amounts to the Sum of twenty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-three Pounds fifteen Shillings and Four-pence: And whereas the said Company have, in pursuance of the said recited Acts,

proceeded to make the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and have completed about seventy-five Miles thereof, and within that Compass have made the great Tunnel through HarecoJHe-Hill* of the Length of about two thousand nine hundred Yards; and also the Tunnd through Preston-Hill\ of the Length of about one thousand two hundred and forty Yards; and are proceeding to complete the Remainder of the said Canal, being in Length about fifteen Miles; but having nearly expended the Whole of the Money which they have advanced, or are enabled to advance or borrow under and by virtue of the said several Acts, find themselves unable to perfect the said Works, and pay the Interest due for the Money borrowed and advanced for carrying on the said Works, as aforesaid, without the further Assistance of Parliament \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wi*h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Alerley to raise and contribute among themselves, in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet and convenient, or by the Admission of new Subscribers to the said Undertaking, any such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be further wanted beyond the said several Sums of one hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, and seventy thousand Pounds, already raised and borrowed, or authorised to be raised and borrowed, for persisting and completing the said Navigable Canal, and other Works authorised to be made by the said Acts, and for Payment of the said Interest, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seventy thousand Pounds; and that the same be divided into such Number of Shares as they shall think proper, at a Price not exceeding two hundred Pounds per Share: Provided that no Person do subscribe or become a Proprietor of more than thirty Shares in the said Navigation, either in this Subscription alone, or in the said former and this present ^ubscription together, or by any other Means whatsoever, either in-his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, except the same shall hereafter come to him by Will or Act in Law, upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company all such Shares, except thirty Shares, as aforesaid: And every Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum or Sums of Money, as aforesaid, shall have a like Vote, by himself or Proxy, in respect of every such Share in the Lid further >um so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land-interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Navigation, proportionably to the Sum he or they (halt or mav subscribe thereto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum, hereby allowed to be subscribed and raised, had originally been Part of the original Subscription, any Thing in the said former Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:

Or it shall be lawful for the said Company, or the Committee for the Time being, to be by them appointed by virtue of the said first-recited Act, or any seven or more of such Committee, at any of their Meetings afltmnled, to borrow and take up, at legal or less Imereft, all or any Part of the said Sum of seventy thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Navigation and Undertaking, as to them shall seem1 meet and convenient; and they are hereby fully authorised and impowered toailign over the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, arising by virtue of the said first-recited Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of aligning the same lobe paid out of such Tolls,'

Rates, and Duties), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, with Interest, to* such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance the same, under the Common Seal of the* fcid Company, by the following: Words of Alignment, or by any other Words to the same Effect,*

(yiieliutj '

4 Y virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,* Form of Affigs* 4 JEt to amend and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the fxxth and tenth Years of the Reign of hi*

present Majestyf P°r making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-Ferry,*

4 hi the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-Gap; We the Company of Proprietor*

of the said Navigation, incorporated-byt he fai

The Company have made great Progrefi in the Work;

and are proceeding to complete the Rsmaiader of it.

Further Powers wanted.

Company impowered to raise 70,000l. more among them-feltes, or by Admission of new Subscribers*

No Share toes* ceed *ool.

No Person to be a Proprietor of more than thirty Shares*

Privilege! of Subscriber*

Company impowered to borrow Money,

and to assign the Toll! and Duties m a Security*

4‘ Reign, in confederation of the Sum oi 4 u* in Hand paid bji

said Act, made in the sixth Year of his present MajestyV

of lawful British Monty

do assign unto the said

262 C. 27. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Person« to whom moots are mjJr, equally int ;led to their Proportion of the Tolls, &c. Application of the Money.

Securities may be transferred.

Entries of Assignments to be made.

Interest of the Money borrowed to be paid Half-yearly.

Publick Act.

[Preamble.]

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, arising bjr virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and also the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of the said Company of Proprietors, of, in, and unto the same; to hold unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

until the said Sum of together with Interest for the lame, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid.*

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Alignment or Assignments shall be made, shall be equally intitled to their Proportion of the said Tolls, Rates, Duties, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Alignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof, with the Interest, as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, either in pursuance of this or the said la ft-recited Act, or on any other Account whatsoever: And the Money so borrowed by any or either of the above Methods shall be applied, in the first place, for discharging the Expences incurred in and in relation to the obtaining of this Act; and afterwards for making, continuing, completing, and maintaining, the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and other Works authorised by this Act, or the said recited Acts; and in carrying this Act, and the said former Acts, and the several Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, therein and herein contained, into effectual Execution; which Assignment or Assignments may be transferred in such Manner as is directed with respect to Assignments made in pursuance of the said recited Act, made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and the Assignee or Assignees shall in like Manner be intitled to the Money due on such Assignment or Assignments respectively, and the whole Benefit thereof, in as full and ample Manner as the Assignee or Assignees of any Assignment or Assignments, made under or by virtue of the said last-recited Act; Entries of such Assignments and Transfers respectively, where the Consideration amounts to upwards of one hundred Pounds, being made, in such Manner as is directed by the said last mentioned Act.

II. And it is nereby further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed by Mortgage, as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties intitled thereto, in Preference to and before the Interest or Dividends, which shall be due and payable by virtue of the said several recited Acts, or this present Act, to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, for the same Half-year, shall be paid, made, or divided; and that all such Transfers, Securities, and Assignments, shall be free from all Stamp-duties.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, ^re hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex\ and for building a Workhouse in the said Parish.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty- ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second^ intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone> in the County of Middlesex\ and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes), Power was given to the Vestrymen, nominated in and by the said Act, to ascertain the Monies necessary to be raised, and to make Rates and Assessments for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; to appoint Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, and to impower such Governors and Directors to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Government of the Poor thereof; but no sufficient Power was given to purchase or hire Ground whereon to build a Workhouse or Workhouses, nor for the building or erecting a Workhouse or Workhouses sufficiently large and convenient for the Reception of the Tick, diseased, and infirm Poor; nor for setting at Work the healthy and able, and for the Punishment of the idle, disorderly, and refractory; nor Power to raise Money for those Purposes: And whereas the said Governors and Directors are dill in want of further

Powers to make Regulations for the better providing for, governing, and employing; the Poor of the said Parish: And whereas the Buildings, Houses, and Inhabitants, of the said Parish are, since the passing of the said Act, greatly increased, and are (till increasing, the Poor of the said Parish are become very numerous, and the present Workhouse is greatly inefficient to receive the Number of Poor that belong and are chargeable to the said Parish: And whereas it would tend to the Health and convenient Accom-4« modation of the sick, diseased, and infirm Poor; to the Employment of those able to work and in- dustrious; to the Correction of the Profligate and Idle; to the Education of the Infant Poor in Habits of Industry, Religion, and Honesty, and to the Emolument and Advantage of themselves and the said Parish, by the Profits arising from their Labour, if a large and convenient House or Houses, with Apartments for the sick and diseased, for the old, impotent, and infirm, and for those able to work

for the carrying on of divers Trades, Works, and Manufactures, as also for the Punishment of the idle, refractory, and profligate, and for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, were built and erected; but as the same Cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament;* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 21. 263

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Nomination and Appointment of Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, and to the several Powers and Authorities by the said Act vested in the said Governors and Directors, when so appointed, and to the previous Consent of the Vestrymen of the said Parish being given before any Money should be applied for the Purpose of erecting any Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor within the said Parish, or such Workhouse crested, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Vestrymen of the said Parish, nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, or any nine or more of them, shall meet in the Vestry-room, at the Court-house in the said Parish, on the second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, and shall also meet on some Day in the Month of February* which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and shall, in like Manner, meet on some Day in the Month of February in every succeeding Year, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon (publick Notice of such Meeting being given in and upon the Church and Chapels of the said Parish, in Manner in the said Act directed); and shall at such first Meeting next after the passing of this Act, and at such Meeting in the Month of February in every succeeding Year, annually, nominate and appoint thirty substantial and discreet Persons, whom they the said Vestrymen shall make Choice of, which said thirty substantial and discreet Persons, nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be and be called Directors and Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish, for carrying into Execution the several Powers given and intrusted to them by this Act, until other Directors and Guardians shall in like Manner be appointed in their Room.

III. Provided, always. That in case nine or more Vestrymen shall not attend at such first or any fub-fetjuent Meetings, the Vestry Clerk shall and is hereby authorised and impowered to- adjourn such Meeting to some future Day, not exceeding seven Days from the Day when such Meeting was first appointed to be held, giving the Notice directed by the said Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in regard to the Meeting of such Vestrymen.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, each and every of them, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall have full Power and Authority, together with the several Directors and Guardians, to be from Time to Time nominated and appointed as herein mentioned, to act as such to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been elected and chosen by the Vestrymen of the said Parish, in Manner and Form prescribed by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and Guardians of the Poor, nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or any nine or more of them, shall at their first Meeting next after their Appointment in pursuance of this Act, and at their first Meeting after their annual Appointment in every succeeding Year (which Meetings the said Vestrymen are hereby directed and required to direct and appoint), divide themselves into fix distinct Committees, each of the said Committees to consist of five Directors and Guardians, and shall then fix and establish an annual Rule or Rotation for the Attendance of each of the said Committees; and one of the said Committees shall meet on a certain Day, to be appointed by the said Directors and Guardians, in every Week, and shall attend weekly for so long Time as shall by the said Rotation be fixed and established; and afterwards the next Committee on such Rotation shall attend weekly, in like Manner, until such annual Rotation shall be perfect and complete; and such Committees, so appointed, shall, at such their Meetings, carry this Act into Execution.

VI. Provided always, That no Business transacted by the said Committees, nor any Orders made by them, shall be good, valid, or effectual, unless five or more Directors or Guardians be present at such Committee.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all or any of the said Directors and Guardians may, if they think fit, attend any such Weekly Meetings, so to be appointed as aforesaid, and may aft, proceed, and vote, at any such Meeting, in such Manner as if he or they were on the Committee then attending in Rotation.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk to the said Directors and Guardians shall, two Days previous to every such Weekly Meeting, give Notice, in Writing, or printed, to every Director and Guardian, being a Member of such Committee, whose Turn it shall or maybe to attend according to the Rotation so fixed and established, such Notice, expressing that such Director and Guardian is upon such Committee \ and shall likewise, at the same Time, give Notice of such Meeting of the Committee to each and every Director and Guardian of the Poor not being on such Committee.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being a Vestryman, nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, who shall be appointed a Director and Guardian of the Poor, in Manner before mentioned, shall neglect or refuse to take upon himself or aft in such Office, and shall neglect to attend on any of the said Weekly Committees to which he shall be appointed, according to the Rule or Rotation so to be fixed and established, either in Person, or by one of the said Directors and Guardians as and for his Substitute, for the Space of one Year, such Neglect and Refusal shall be taken and deemed to be a Refusal to act, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and such Vestryman shall from thenceforth ceale to be a Vestryman, in like Manner as is provided in the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for Vestrymen who shall neglect to attend the Vestry Meetings for the Space of two Years.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and Guardians, b* fore they take upon themselves the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given them by this Act, save and except the Power of administering to one another the Oath herein after directed and prescribed, shall severally take the following Oath; that is to say,

Part of Act 8 Geo. III. relating to the Appointment of Governors, &c. repealed.

Time end Place of the first and subsequent Meetings of Vdliyracn,

who are annually to appoint Directors and Guardians.

On Non-attendance of Vefiry-men, Meetings may be adjourned.

Churchwardens to be D.restora and Guardians.

Directors and Guardians to divide themselves into Committees,

and establish'l Rule for Attendance,

No Orders of Committees valid, unless five Directors or Guardians art present.-All the Directors and Guardians may attend Weekly Committees.

Cleric to Turn-men Weekly Commitu es.

If any Vestry-trian be appointed a Director and Guardian, ai*d refuse to act, &c. for one Year, to cetfe to be a VeilrynuJi.

Directors so-1. Guardians, t" * fore they aV, to take the fallowing Oafh.

264 C. 21. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

The Oath.

Times of holding Quarterly Meetings.

KoBnfinest valid, unless nine Directors, &c. be present.

In case of Non-attendance, Clerk may adjourn the Meeting.

How Vacancies by Death, &c. are to be filled up.

Proviso.

Protih.

Three Directort and Guardians may call a General Meeting.

Chairman to be appointed.

Dbedort may administer an Oath,

appoint Treasurers, &c.

and a Clergyman to instruct the Poor, &c.

'I A.B. will, without Favour or AffeSion, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, as a Director and Guardian of the Poor, appointed in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse in the said Parish.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath the said Directors and Guardians, or any two or more of them, at their first or any subsequent Meeting to beheld in pursuance of this Act, are hereby impowered and required to administer.

XI. And be it further enacted, That after such Directors and Guardians shall be chosen as aforesaid, the said Directors and Guardians shall hold four General Quarterly Meetings in every Year, on the four several Days following, viz. the twenty* fourth Day of June, the twenty-ninth Day of September, the twenty-fifth Day of December, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, in every Year, unless any of those Days shall happen to be on a Sunday, in which Case the Meeting shall be held on the following Day; the first of which said Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the twenty-fourth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, at the Court House in the said Parish 5 at which Quarterly Meetings the Accounts of the Treasurers to the said Directors and Guardians, and all other Accounts relative to the Execution of this Act, shall be examined and adjusted, and signed by the Chairman to the said Quarterly Meeting.

XII. Provided always, That no Business transacted at the said Quarterly Meeting, nor any Order made by them, shall be good, valid, or effectual, unless nine Directors and Guardians shall be present at such Meeting.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case nine Directors and Guardians shall not attend at any such Quarterly Meeting, or in case five Directors and Guardians shall not attend at any such Weekly Committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to such Directors and Guardians to adjourn such Quarterly Meeting or Committee to any Day within eight Days after such Meeting was appointed to be held, and forthwith to give Notice of such Adjournment to every Director and Guardian.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Vestrymen of the said Parish, or any nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, shall and may, as often as Occasion shall require, fill up by Ballot any Vacancies* that may have happened in the Number of the said Directors and Guardians, either by Death, Removaf, or Refusal to aS 5 but no such Director and Guardian, so to be eleSed to fill up any Vacancy, shall continue a Director and Guardian for any longer Time than the Person in whose Place he shall or may be eleSed might or ought to have continued by virtue of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given of every such Meeting, speccifying therein the Cause of such Meeting, and the Number of Vacancies to be filled up.

XVI. Provided also, That no Person whatsoever shall be liable or compellable to serve as a DireSot and Guardian of the Poor, for a longer Time than two Years Succeeding or following each other.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any three or more Directors and Guardians shall, ori any Occasion, think it necessary or expedient to call or convene a General Meeting of the said Directors and Guardians, it shall and may be lawful for such three Directors and Guardians to order the Clerk to such Directors and Guardians to summon such General Meeting of the Directors and Guardians, to meet at the Time the said three Directors and Guardians shall then require, by a Notice, specifying the particular Occasion of such Requisition.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at each and every of the Quarterly or General Meetings of the said Directors and Guardians, and fct each and every of the said Weekly Meetings of the Committee, any one Director and Guardian present, who shall be then named by the Majority of the Directors and Guardians present at any such Meeting, shall preside at every such Meeting, and take the Chair as President or Chairman of such Meeting; and in case of an Equality of Voices on any Transaction, including the Voice of the Chairman or President, such Chairman or President shall have another or the calling Voice.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians (five or more of them being then present), at any of their General

Meetings, Quarterly Meetings, or Weekly Committees, to be held in pursuance of this Act, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons for their mpre certain Information in any Matter or Business then depending

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, from Time to Time, to appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Governor or Governors, Steward or Stewards, Matron or Matrons, and such other Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, as the said Directors and Guardians shall think fit and convenient, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor maintained in such Workhouse or Workhouses.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and Guardians, at any Quarterly Meeting, shall and may, if they think the same fit and convenient, from Time to Time, appoint some Clergyman of the Church of England, to instruct such Persons as shall be maintained in such Workhouse or Workhouses in the Principles of the Christian Religion, and also to visit the Sick, and perform other Duties of his Profession, in the said Workhouse or Workhouses; and the said Directors and Guardians, at any Quarterly Meeting, shall, and they are hereby impowered to make such Allowance to such Clergyman, and Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Governor or Governors, Steward or Stewards, Matron or Matrons, or other Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, for their Pains and Trouble therein, as to

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 21. 265

them the said Directors and Guardians, at any such Meeting, shall seem reasonable; and may, from Time to Time, at any such Meeting, displace or discharge him or them, or any of them; and shall and may pay such Allowances out of the Monies to be raised by this and the said former Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Dire#ors and Guardians, at any General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorised, to treat, contract, and agree for, and to purchase or hire, for any Term of Years, or to purchase for ever, any Lands (not exceeding fix Acres), Tenements, or Hereditaments, ~ within the said Parish, in the Name of the said Dire#ors and Guardians, or any nine or more of them, at any General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, who are hereby enabled to take a Conveyance thereof, in the Name of the whole of the said Directors and Guardians, and to them and their Successors, for any Term of Years, or for ever; and, from Time to Time, to pull down, alter, repair, and furnish any Buildings that may be (landing on the same, for the better receiving, maintaining, and employing all or any of the Poor of the said Parish, or may ere# and build thereon, or on any other Ground belonging to or to belong to the said Parish, one or more House or Houses, for the like Purposes, and provide Furniture for the same, and all other Materials and Things for putting in Execution this Act; and by and out of the Monies raised or to be raised by virtue of this and the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, shall pay and satisfy the Purchase money or Hire for the same, and all necessary Charges relating thereunto, and to the comfortable Support, maintaining and employing of the Poor of the said Parish; and also all Monies which shall be justly due to the Artificers, Workmen, and others, employed in apd about ere#ing, altering, repairing, and furnishing the said House or Houses, or Tenements, and in and about all other Matters and Things concerning the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, and Feoffees inTruft, Husbands, Guardians, and Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, and Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed or, or interested in, any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be thought necessary for the Purposes of this'A#, to treat, fell, and contract with the said Dire#ors and Guardians, and to convey to them, or to any other Person or Persons, or their Heirs in Trust for them, all or any of the said Lands, Tenements^ Hereditaments, Estates, and Interest, or any Part thereof; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains^ Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and efie#ual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all Persons claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons whatsoever, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or other Person or Persons.in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by or conveyed to the said Dire#ors and Guardians, as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee by Parole for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall, on the Expiration of six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon the Premises, or so soon' after as he, she, or they, shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Dire#ors and Guardians, or any other Person or Persons authorised determined by them, or any five or more of them, to take Possession thereof: And in case any such Person or Persons shall refuse to give such Possession, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, or any five or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in stich Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the Killing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, toy Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Dire#ors and Guardians, at any of their Meetings to toe held in pursuance of this Act, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable r ine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, on the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or Agent or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, or refusing to deliver Possession, as aforesaid, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Dire#ors and Guardians, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all such Fines shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to contract or agree with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for cre#ing, building, and finishing, the Whole or any Part of any Workhouse or Workhouses dire#ed by this Act to be built and

Ground or Building* may be purchased.

Bodies Politick, &c. impowered to fell or coatey Lands*

Tenants, after six Months Notice, to deliver Possessioo.

Sheriff's Power, in case of Re-fufel.

5! Pemlty on Sheriff making Default,

Contrails may be entered into for Work to be performed.

266 C. 21. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

fourteen Days Notice to be given of Directors Meetings for making Contracts.

No Contract valid till confirmed at a subsequent Meeting.

No Director to hold any Office, or enter into Contract.

All Contracts to be entered in Books.

Orders to be entered in Books.

Tornitnre, Apparel, &c. provided for the Boor, verted in Difc&ors.

Bire&on and Guardians may borrow Money, not exceeding Mapcol.)

tod may-pay off, at any Quarterly Meeting, any Sum not exceeding 5001. yearly.

How Bonds or Securities art to

k« gaid off,

crested, or for altering, repairing, finishing, or completing, any Tenements or Hereditaments that shall be purchased or taken in pursuance of this Act; and also to purchase or provide, either by Contraft or otherwise, from Time to Time, such Furniture, Goods, Chattels, Provisions, Clothing, Utensils, and Materials whatsoever, as shall be thought proper for the effectual setting to work, receiving, employing, maintaining, clothing, and providing for, in every respect, the Poor of the said Parish, of what Age, Sex, or Condition soever they be; and shall pay, or order the Payment of the Monies due, or to become due, upon any such Contracts, Agreements, or Purchases, to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same, by virtue of this and the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty.

XXVII. Provided always, That previous to the Day appointed for the Meetings of the said Directors and Guardians for the making of any Contrafts for the erecting, building, and finishing the Whole or any Part of the said Workhouse or Workhouses, fourteen Days Notice of such Meeting to make such Contrafts shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers, expressing the Intentions of such Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons, willing to undertake the same, mav make Proposals for that Purpose; to be offered and presented to the said Directors and Guardians at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice.

XXVIII. Provided also, That no Contract or Agreement whatsoever, made by the said Directors and Guardians, shall be good, valid, binding, or effectual, until the same shall be approved and confirmed at their next or subsequent Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and signed by the Chairman presiding at such Meeting.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of acting as a Director and Guardian of the Poor, in the Execution of this and the said former'Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, during the Time he or they shall hold any Office, or enter into any Contraft, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this and the said forjner Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and Guardians shall cause all Contrafts,

made with or by all Artificers, Workmen, Tradesmen, or others, employed in and about the building, repairing, or altering, any Workhouse or Workhouses, or other Houses or Tenements, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and all other Contrafts or Agreements which shall in any wise relate, to the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this and the said former Act, and all Receipts and Payments, Debts and Credits, and any Matter or Thing relative thereto, to be fairly entered in a Book or Books to be provided for those Purposes.;

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the said Vestrymen, and Directors and Guardians, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman or President for the Time being at their next Meeting; and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, shall then be deemed and taken to be original Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, and such Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence ui all Courts whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all and every the Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials, and Things whatsoever, to be from Time to Time had, bought, procured, and provided, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, and for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Directors and Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, who are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order the preferring of, any Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons, who shall steal, take, or carry away, any or any Part of such Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Utensils, Materials, and Things whatsoever, the Property of which said Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials, and Thing?, shall be laid in every such Action and lm-distment to be the Property of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary k Boney in the County of M'tddlesex, and shall be brought or laid in the Name of the Treasurer for the Time being 5 and every Action and Indictment so laid shall be good in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and Guardians* nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or any nine or more of them, at any of their General Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby impowered, at any Time or Times, to borrow and raise, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, at the lowest Rate of Interest that the same can be procured 5 which Interest shall be and is hereby made payable out of the Monies to be raised by the Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor, directed by the said former Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to be made by the Vestry of the said Parish; such Money to be borrowed upon Bonds of one hundred Pounds each, to be executed and signed by the said Directors and Guardians, or any seven or more of them, and the Principal Money secured by such Bonds shall be discharged in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in order to pay off and discharge the Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Rate or Assessment, in Manner herein directed, it shall and may be lawful tQ and for the said Directors and Guardians, and they, are hereby authorised and impowered, yearly, and every Year, at any of their Quarterly Meetings, to pay off and discharge therefrom a Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, out of the Monies raised by such Rate or Assessment.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, or any nine Or more of them, at any of their Quarterly Meetings, to cause the Numbers of all the Bonds or Securities, which, shall then, be due and, owing to the Creditors

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 21. 267

on the said Rate, to be written on separate Slips of Paper or Parchment, and to be put separately jpto a Wheel or Box j and that so many Numbers of the said Bonds or Securities shall be drawn out of the (hid Wheel or Box by the Clerk to the said Directors and Guardians, in the Presence of the said Directors and Guardians, or any nine or more of them, as shall mike up the Sum then intended to be paid off, which Numbers he shall then read and deliver to the Chairman or President presiding at such Meeting, who shall cause the same to be entered by the Clerk in the Minute*; and that six Months Notice, in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk to the said Directors and Guardians for the Time being, shall be given to the Person or Persons who shall be intitled to such Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, so drawn out, or shall be left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, that his, her, or their respective Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, Principal and Interest, will be paid off 5 and that at the Expiration of the said six Months, to be computed from the Day of such Notice given or left as aforesaid, all Interest on such Bond or Bonds, Security or Securities, shall cease and determine.

XXXVI. And whereas it may happen hereafter, that, by reason of the farther Increase of the Poor, Mort Mon'«

old, impotent, and other Persons, whom it will be necessary to receive into such Workhouse or Work- m,r bor* c houses, it may become necessary to add more Buildings or Erections for the Purposes of this Act, or to rowe<i«

make feme considerable Alterations and Repairs, the Expence whereof may be too great to be defrayed out of the said annual Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish p be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, or any nine or more of them, at any of their General Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, in case of such Necessity, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so wanted on the Credit of the said Rate, in like Manner as is herein before directed,

XXXVII. Provided always, That the whole Sum so borrowed shall not at any Time exceed the Pro*!/*

Sum of ten thousand Pounds, the Sum herein directed to be borrowed for the several Purposes before mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Directors and 5001. at slower Guardians can at any Time borrow and take up any Sum or Sums of Money, not less than the Sum of Interest may be five hundred Pounds at one Time, at a lower Rate of Interest than the Bonds or Securities by them issued b^r«we£ to then carry, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, or any nine or more hiEhcx^tercO of them, from Time to Time, to pay off and discharge the Bonds or Securities bearing a higher Rate of 8

Interest, following the Directions and Regulations as are herein before prescribed for paying off Bonds and Securities.

XXXIX. Provided nevertheless, That no Bond or Security carrying a lower Rate of Interest shall at Pro*ifo for pay* any Time be paid off and discharged, whilst any of the Bonds or Securities carrying a higher Rate of Interest are unpaid and undischarged.

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be for that Purpose Sreuritici to b« provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Directors and Guardians, all Securities for Monies entered inBocks* borrowed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments or Transfers thereof, expressing, in Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be intitled to such Securities.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Per- Secoriu-i m»y fons, intitled to anvof the Securities before mentioned, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, k affixed, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his or their Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and witnessed by one Witness, and so toties quoties\ and such Alignments and Transfers, after they shall be respectively entered in the Book or Books of such Directors and Guardians, in Manner aforesaid, shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall respectively be made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so a/Tigned and transferred.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gifts, Donations, Benefactions, DoniTmn* and and Sums of Money whatsoever, now payable, or which shall hereafter become payable, for and to the other M.»n e» t* Use of the Poor of the said Parish, not being directed or liable to be applied for the Support of any private pa,d to

or particular Poor or Charity, or by the Donation particularly appropriated, not being Sacramental rea, Uf€r«

Money, shall, from Time to Time, from and after the Appointment of the said Directors and Guardians, be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Directors and Guardians, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cud Directors and Nimrt rf !V-nc-Guardians, at any of their said Weekly Meeting*, to oider the Name of every such Donor, Benefactor, pit

or charitable Person, together with the Sum by them given for and towards the Use of the Poor of the ^urc^ &c said Parish, to be written and painted in legible Characters, in some conspicuous Part of the Church of the *

said Parish, and also in some publick or conspicuous Part of such Workhouse or Workhouses, in such Manner as the said Directors and Guardians shall think fit, the Expence thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to fell, ,rli or let, or dispose of the present Workhouse belonging to the said Parish (if they shall not think fit to apply £"u,-"Xof the same to any of the Purposes of this Act), and also to fell, let, or dispose of so much of the Lands, Te- u‘ nements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased or hired as aforesaid, as shall not be necessary or u*cd for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase or take the same, for the best Price that can be got, and apply the Monies arising therefrom to the Purposes of this Act.

268 C. 21. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

All Contracts for Building, &c. to be confirmed by Vestry.

Form of Indorsement*

Directors and Guardians may make Bye-laws.

Vo Bye-laws to be valid till confirmed at next General Meeting.

Overseen of the PoofjConft^bles, &c. to aid, aiTift, and obey Direct tors*

C1. Penalty for Refusal or Nc-flc& of Duty.

Orerfeer?, &c. aggrieved may appeal to the Sessions,

whof; Judgment shall be filial.

Directors, &c. impowered o appreLrn* Vagrants, and oil difotdfrly Persons neglecting Id maintain their I; ami Iks,

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any Contract or Agreement made by the said Directors and Guardians for erecting any new Buildine, or for the hiring or purchasing any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the borrowing of Money on Bond or Security, or for the felling or disposing.of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to the said Parish, under the Authority of this Act, shall be valid and effectual, every such Contract or Agreement respectively shall be laid before the Vestry of the said Parish, at some public* Meeting, for their Approbation and Confirmation; and if such Contract or Agreement shall, at such Meeting, be approved and confirmed by a Majority of the Vestrymen then present (such Majority being not less than nine in Number), the lame shall be certified by the Chairman of such Vestry for the Time being, who shall sign his Name to an Indorsement, to be made on every such Contract or Agreement, in the following Form; videlicet*

T Chairman of the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone% held

X at the Court House, on the Day of do hereby certify, that the within

4 Contract or Agreement (as the Case may be) was approved and confirmed according to the Direction of this Act. Witness my Hand,

And such Certificate or Indorsement shall be entered in the same Form in the Book or Books containing

the general Proceedings, Orders, and Regulations, of the said Vestry.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and Guardians shall have, and they are hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority, at any of their General Meeting?, to make, from Time to Time, such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, as well for the better governing, employing, and supporting, the said poor Persons in the said Parish, and for the carrying on any Trade that shall be set on Foot for the Employment of the said Poor, and for other the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and from Time to Time afterwards to repeal, alter, or amend, such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, as to them the said Directors and Guardians shall seem meet, so that such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, are not repugnant to the Laws of the Land.

XLVII. Provided always, That nor such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, shall be good, valid, or effectual, until confirmed by the next or subsequent General Meeting, at which General Meeting nine or more Directors and Guardians shall be then present, and assenting thereto; and the Summonses for such Meeting for the Making or Confirmation of Bye-laws shall express that such Meeting is for that Purpose in particular.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Overseers of the Poor, Constables, or other Parish Officers for the Time being of the said Parish, except the Churchwardens and Sidesmen of the said Parish for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, aid and assist the said Directors and Guardians to the best of their Power, and shall at all Times obey their Warrants and Orders relative to the Execution of this Act: And in case any Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer, shall neglect or refuse to obey such Warrants or Orders, every such Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer, so neglecting or refilling, shall be summoned, by Writing under the Hands of any three Directors and Guardians, to appear at the next Meeting of the said Directors and Guardians to be holden as aforesaid; and if such Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer so summoned, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Meeting, or if appearing, he or any of them shall not sufficiently excuse or justify him or themselves, but shall, in the Judgment of the major Part of the said Directors and Guardians present at such Meeting, be adjudged guilty of disobeying such Warrant or Warrants, Order or Orders; that then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons so adjudged guilty as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; to be levied by Distress and bale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace in and for the said County of Middlesex\ and such Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Directors and Guardians, and shall, by him or them, be carried to the Account of the Poor's Rate of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the said Rate 5 but if any such Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or other Officer, so offending, and convicted as aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved, that then it shall and may be lawful for such respective Overseer to appeal to the next General Sessions. of the Peace to be holden for the said County against the Judgment of the said Meeting, and the Justices for the said County, at such Sessions assembled, shall and may hear and determine such Appeal, and may mitigate or set aside such Penalties in such Manner, and award such reasonable Costs, as they shall think proper; and the Judgment of such Justices, at such Quarter Sessions, shall be final, without any other Appeal.

XLIX. And whereas divers Persons belonging to, and who ought by the Laws now in Force to be

relieved by, the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, are found wandering and begging in the said Parish, and committing Acts of Vagrancy, and misbehaving themselves, by ex poling in any indecent Manner their Persons or Limbs: And whereas divers Persons, by reason of their idle and disorderly living, neglect or refuse to maintain or threaten to desert their Families, not being able to maintain themselves, and if Power were given to apprehend such Persons, and fend them to such Workhouse or Workhouses, there to be dealt with in Manner herein mentioned, it would tend to inure them to a Habit of Industry, and make them useful to the Publick;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and Guardians shall and hereby have Power and Authority to receive, and to order and compel all and every Person found wandering and begging in the said Parish, or committing Acts of Vagrancy; and nlfo all and every idle and disorderly Person, neglecting or refusing to maintain or threatening to desert their Families, not being able to maintain themselves, and who shall belong to, or ought, by any Law now in Force, to be relieved and provided for by the said Parish), to come into, work, dwell, and inhabit such Workhouse or Workhouses, as shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, and to detain, keep, maintain, and employ all such respective poor Persons therein, so long as it shall not appear to the said Directors

A.D. 1775. Anno decima quinto Georgii III. C. 21. 269

and to employ such Person, in useful Labour.

Further Powers respecting disorderly Persons.

How long Children may be kept in the Work¬house,

Children may be sent to Service-;

or may be bound to be Apprentices.

No Apprentice to be turned over without Consent of Director,.

How Persons guilty of embezzling Goods may be punished.

Penalty on Servants purloining Money, Materials, etc.

and Guardians, on the Part of any such poor Persons, that any of them respectively are of Ability, or can other^fe be sufficiently maintained and provided for without the Aid and Provision of the Directors and Guardians; and shall have Power and Authority to employ, set, and compel, all such Poor who shall and to employ be received, or come into, dwell, and be in the said Workhouse or Workhouses, during such their Abode Person* in and Residence there, and whilst maintained by the said Directors and Guardians, to do, execute, and useful Labour, perform such Work, Labour, Business, and Employ, as the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their said Weekly Meetings, shall think and judge such respective Poor are and shall be able and fit to do and perform, for the Use of the said Parish, and to detain and keep all such Persons found wandering and b^ging in the said Parish), and committing Acts of Vagrancy; and also all such idle and disorderly Persons, who shall have so deserted, threatened to leave, neglected or refused to maintain, his or their Families, and to set each of them to work in such Workhouse, during such Time, and until every such Person, by his or her Work or Labour there, shall have got and raised to much Money, above their Maintenance, as shall be sufficient to repay and reimburse to the said Directors and Guardians the Charges and Expences they shall have sustained in the maintaining and providing for every such Person, and his or her Family: And in case such Person shall not, by his or her Work and Labour, have gained so much Farther Power* Money as shall be sufficient to reimburse the said Directors and Guardians the Charges and Expences of respeaing diforj having maintained him or her, or any of his or her Family, as aforesaid, and shall neglect or refuse to dejl7 Perldn>' apply himself or herself to such reasonable Work or Labour as shall be given to him or her by the Governor or Master of such Workhouse, under the Directions aforesaid, then the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their Weekly Meetings, shall have Power to detairt and keep such Person within such Workhouse or Workhouses to hard Labour for the Space of thirty Days, and there to cause him or her to be whipped during such thirty Days, as often, not exceeding three Times, as the said Directors and Guardians, at any of the said Weekly Meetings, shall think fit.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for How long ChH-the said Directors and Guardians, and they are hereby impowered to keep, maintain, provide for, employ, d«nmajt*kept and detain, in such Workhouse or Workhouses, all such Children as shall be admitted into such Work- *ork"

house or Workhouses, and such poor Children shall continue in such Workhouse or Workhouses, under 0 the Management of such Directors and Guardians, until every such Male Child shall be of the Age of seventeen Years, and every such Female Child of the Age of fifteen Years, provided such Children shall not be bound Apprentices, in Manner herein after mentioned; and that when they have respectively attained the Ages before mentioned, they be discharged from such Workhouse or Workhouses, those. only excepted, who, from Sickness, Laraeness, or other Infirmities, are incapable of providing for themselves.

LI. Provided always, That if such Male Children, when they have attained the Age of fifteen Years, children any be or such Female Children, when they have attained the Age of fourteen Years, shall be hired as yearly lent to Service* Servants for the Spa^e of one Year; then, and in such Case, the said Directors and Guardians are hereby impowered to discharge every such Child that shall have respectively attained the Ages of fifteen and fourteen Years.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be or may be taut lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, or any three or more of them, at any of their Weekly to b« Appren. Committees, by Indenture, signed by them, by and with the Consent of any two Justices of the Peace in ticcs* and for the County of Middlesex, at any Time before such Children shall arrive at such respective Ages as aforesaid, to bind any of such Children to be Apprentices where they shall see convenient, until such Child, being a Male, shall arrive at the Age of twenty-one Years, or until the Age of eighteen Years, or the Day of Marriage of such Child, being a Female: or to bind any of such Male Children to be Apprentices in the Sea Service, to any Captain, Master, or Owner, of any Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Assent of the Justices of the Peace, are, by the Laws in being, now impowered to do; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Child shall be bound Apprentice, shall be obliged to receive apd provide for such Apprentice, in like Manner as by the Laws in being Persons are obliged to provide for Apprentices in the like Circumstances: And no Apprentice, so No Apprentice bound as aforesaid, shall, except with the Consent of the/aid Directors and Guardians, present at any of to be turnedovrr their Weekly Committees, be assigned or turned over to any other Person; and that the Person or Persons ^thout Consent to whom any such Apprentice shall be so assigned or turned over, shall be obliged to receive and provide of Dire^or* for him or her, in the same Manner, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Person or Persons to whom such Apprentice was firtt bound as aforesaid was or were obliged to receive or provide for him or her.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the poor Persons in any Workhouse or Workhouses, or How Person* other Houses, made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be found guilty of dealing, embezzling, guilty ofem-taking, or carrying away, or causing to be ftoion, embezzled, taken, or carried away, any or any Part be*2hng Good* of the Good% Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloathing, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Uten- ,nlJbPualfll, fils. Materials, and Things, the Property of the said Directors and Guardians, in the Judgment of the said Directors and Guardians, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act (if they shall think the same mod fit and expedient), to order such moderate Correction or Confinement to any such Offender or Offenders in any Workhouse or Workhouses, or other Houses made use of for the Purposes of this Act, instead of any*

Action or Indictment, as they shall think proper, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor or Steward, or other pen*l;y on Set. Officer appointed, or Matron, or other Person whatsoever, employed by the said Directors and Guar- vmti putlo'mini dians, shall purloin, embezzle, or wilfully misapply, any of the Monies, Materials, or Implements of Money, Matt-

270 C. 21. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Directors may provide convenient Stock of Materials for employing the Poor.

How the Profit of their Labour is to be applied.

Punishment for Cursing, Swearing, disobeying ul Orders, &c.

Encouragement may be given to industrious and ikilful Poor.

Sidesmen may act as Churchwardens.

Directors and Guudtans to appoint an Officer to relieve casual Poor.

Work, Provisions, Utensils, Goods, or Chattels, the Property of which are fcy this Actvested in the said Directors and Guardians, every such Offender shall not only be discharged from his or her Office, but shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, or treble the Value of such Money, Materials, Implements of Work, Provisions, Utensils, Goods and Chattels, which shall be so purloined, embezzled, or misapplied; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Middlesex\ and-in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace for the said County to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Space not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors and Guardians, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to keep, maintain, and employ, and to cause to be kept, maintained, and employed, in any Works, Trades, Manufactures, and Employments whatsoever, all and every the Poor maintained in any Workhouse or Workhouses, or any other Houses or Tenements made use of for the Purposes of this Act; and shall and may provide a convenient Stock of Flax, Hemp, Wool, Cotton, Thread, Iron, Stone, Wood, Leather, or other Materials, for the Employment of the Poor received into such House or Houses; and for that Purpose only may set up, use and occupy, any Trade, Mystery, or Occupation whatsoever, in such House or Houses, and may fell, vend, and dispose of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, as shall be manufactured or made by such Poor in such Workhouse or Workhouses, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising from any Work or Labour done by the Poor in any Workhouse or Workhouses, or other Houses made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall go in Aid of the Poor's Rate, and other Monies raised for carrying into Execution this and the said former Act, and shall be made use of for the Purposes of this and the said former Act.

LVII. And whereas many Persons maintained in publick Workhouses refuse to work, or are guilty of profane Cursing, Swearing, and abusive Language, of committing Waste of Provisions or other Ma- terials or Things, of disobeying wholesome Orders and Regulations, and other Misdemeanours and Misbehaviour, and by the Laws now in being no Punishment can be inflicted upon them without committing them to the House of Correction, or County Gaol, which Commitments have been found not to answer the Purposes thereby intended be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any poor Person or Persons, who shall be maintained in any Workhouse or Workhouses, or other Houses for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be guilty of profane Cursing, Swearing, or abusive Language, of committing Waste of Provisions or any other Materials or Things, of disobeying any Orders or Regulations made by the said Directors and Guardians, or the reasonable Commands of any Person or Persons by the said Directors and Guardians put in Authority over them, or any other Misdemeanours or Misbehaviour 5 that then, and in every such case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to cause such Person or Persons so offending to be punished in such Workhouse, Workhouses, or other Houses, either determined by moderate Correction, Confinement, by setting them to hard Labour, or distinguishing them in Dress, Diet, or such other Method as may belt tend to remedy such Offences in future, without committing such Offender to the House of Coriedion, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LVIII. And to the End that all the poor People in the said House may be encouraged to apply themselves to such Tasks in which they shall be employed with Diligence and Humility, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Profits arising from the Work which shall be done by such poor Persons in the Workhouse or Workhouses, such Rewards shall be distributed to the Industrious and Skilful, in proportion to the Quantity and Perfection of their Work, as to the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their said Weekly Committees, shall appear reasonable, so as no Part of the Money paid in such Gratuities shall be expended in the Purchase of unwholesome or unnecessary Liquors, the drinking of which such Governor or Governors, Steward or Stewards, and Mation or Matrons, are hereby strictly enjoined to prohibit and prevent.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Sidesmen of the said Parish for the Time being, nominated in and by the said former Act to assist the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being in the Execution of their Office, shall, by and with the Consent and Appointment of the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, or either of them, to be signified in Writing, signed by every such Churchwarden respectively, do, perform, and execute all and every such Matter and Thing as is directed by Law to be done, or as usually done and performed by Churchwardens, in as full and ample a Manner as if such Matter and Thing had been done, performed, and executed, by such Churchwardens; and such Matters or Things so done, performed, and executed, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law.

LX. And whereas it may happen, that, by Casual ties or sudden Illness, many poor Persons within the said Parish may stand in need of immediate Relief, before Application can be made for the same at the Weekly Meeting to be held in -pursuance of this Act;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and Guardians, or any nine or more of them, at any General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, on special Notice given ten Days at least before such Meeting, specifying the Cause thereof, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands and Seals, one or more fit Person or Persons for the Purpose of relieving such casual Poor; and he or they shall thereupon be authorised (in such Manner, for so long Time, and by such Ways and Means, as the

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 21. 271

said Directors and Guardians, or any nine or more of them, at any General Meeting, shall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint) to pay, or cause to be paid, upon Application made to him or them, or upon his or their own Knowledge of the Fast, and Neceflitjf of the Case, unto every such poor Person, any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, for his, her, or their Support, until the next Weekly Committee of the Directors and Guardians shall be held in pursuance of this Act 5 and such Person or Persons who shall have eiven such Relief, shall, at the next Weekly Meeting as aforesaid, lay before such Meeting the State and Circumstances of the Person or Persons so relieved, and also an Account in Writing of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been so expended; and the said Committee shall and may then give such further Directions for the Maintenance and Relief of every such poor Person as to them shall seem expedient, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and Guardians, upon any Appointment of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to notify the same in Writing to the Churchwardens, Sidesmen, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and to direct and order them, and each of them, to forbear giving any Relief to any poor Person, by or under any Authority derived from their and each of their Office or Offices respectively (except by any legal Order from any of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said County) j and if, after such Notice given, they, or any of them, mall, by any Account delivered into the Vestry of the said Parish, or to the said Directors and Guardians, or otherwise, make any Charge or Demand on the said Parish for Money expended in the Relief of poor Persons (except by any legal Order from any of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said County), it shall and may be lawful for the said Vestry, and also for the said Directors and Guardians, to rnest and refuse to pay every such Charge and Demand, as illegal and of no Effect, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any nine or more of the said Directors and Guardians, at any of their General Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to grant Certificates, under their Hands, to any Person whose legal Settlement shall be in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Brne, and who shall he willing to remove, or shall have removed out of the said Parish; and which Certificates, under the Hands of nine of the said Directors and Guardians, and attested by their Clerk for the Time being, and signed by two Justices of the Peace for the said County, as Certificates are now by Law directed to be, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; and no other Certificate whatsoever to be granted within the said Parish shall be valid, or of any Effect, any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where one or mor£ Justice or Justices of the Peace is or ate impowered, by the Laws now in being, to proceed on the Complaint of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, or of any of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they are hereby required to proceed on the Complaint of any of the said Directors and Guardians, or of such Person or Persons as shall have been duly appointed by any Writing under the Hands and Seals of seven or more of the said Directors and Guardians for that Purpose, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Complaint had been made by such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any of them.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice of the Peace in and for the said County of Middlesex shall and may do any Act or Deed relative to the Office of a Justice of the Peace, notwithstanding he shall or may at the same Time he a Director and Guardian of the Poor for the Time being, for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act \ and shall and may aft in the Execution of this Act, at any Place within the Lid Parish, or elsewhere, notwithstanding he shall be an Inhabitant of the said Parish, or pay the Rates thereof, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Inhabitant of the said Parish shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or concerning this Act, or the Matters or Things herein contained, or any Matter or Thing touching or concerning the said Parish of Saint Mary le Boney be and be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her paying the Rates of the said Parish, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties, or Moieties of Forfeitures and Penalties, which by the Laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, ought to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Dt-rectors and Guardians for the Time being, and applied to jthe Purposes of this Act, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstandinij.

LXVII. And be it furthec enacted, That at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the Directors and Guardians prefect at such Meeting shall pay and defray their own Exper.ces.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses and Powers in the said Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign contained, except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, hereby inflicted, or authorised to be imposed, if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or any one Justice of the Pence for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall he and reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is

Officer to account for Money expended, &c. at Weekly Meetings.

Notice to be given of the Appointment of such Officer to Churchwarden#, &c. with Ordeis to them not to relieve casual Poor.

Money expended after such Orders not to be repaid.

Directors, &c. may frant Certificates to Persons willing to remove.

How Justices are to proceed on Complaint of Directors and Guardians.

Justices may act notwithstanding their being Directors.

Inhabitants deemed competent WitncUea*

Forfeitures and Penalties to be pa5<i ro the Treasurer.

Directors, &c. to bear their own Exj.ti.ccs.

Cert. in Cliufei in Act 8 Geo III. extended to this Act.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

272 C. 21. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

How Justices jniy proceed for Conviction of Ofttnders.

Form of Con-

ridion.

Ferfoni aggriev* \ may appeal to the Quarter Seffiint.

Proceedings not to be quashed for waat of Form, nor removable kf Certiorari.

Writings to be Without Stamps.

Limitation of Actions,

[General Issue.]

hereby impowered and required to grant for those Purposes; and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduced, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be* from Time to Time, paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Directors and Guardians, and applied to the Puf-poses of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisned.

LXX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

« BE it remembered, That on the in the Year of our Lord

« JD -'f- B. is convicted before C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of (fPec fyin£ the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the

€ J~ame was committed^ as the Case shall be.)

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.*

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think him or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of fhis Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlefe*, within three Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, eight Days Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention-to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Directors and Guardians, and within four Days after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions* upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Caules and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices mall think proper:; and the Determinations of such Quarter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or removed nor removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Case; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Bond, Assignment, Indorsement, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing or raising of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of, or in pursuance of, this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any of the Powers thereby given, or in any ways in relation to the Premises, until twenty-one Days Nortice shall have been thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Directors and Guardians, nor after Satisfaction or Tender of Amends shall have been made; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced and brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arifo, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, on any Trial to be had thereupon, and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before twenty-one Days Notice being given as aforesaid, or before the Time herein before limited^ in that Behalf, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22. 273

shall and may recover treble Costs, and have and be intitled to the like Remedy for the same, as any Treble Cofli. Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases of Law.

[Publick Act.]

LXXV. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as fych, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesexj in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors, for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register of the Laid Court.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in-

[Preamble.]

tituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the Kings Court of Chancery, and for Act 14 Geo. III. 4 erecting Officei for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, recited.

Decrees, Orders, and Becks of Account, kept in such Offices), it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That out of the Funds therein particularly mentioned, after paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining the said Act, a Sum of ten thousand Pounds be applied, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, shall, in his or their Discretion, deem necessary, in erecting proper and convenient Offices for the said Register and Accountant General of the said Court, separate and detached from each other; and in purchasing such Ground and Houses as shall be necessary for those Purposes; and for preserving the ancient Books of Entries of Decrees and Orders of the said Court;

and that the Ground and Houses to be purchased for the Purpose of erecting the said Offices for the said Register and Accountant General be conveyed to and vested in Thomas Anguish Efauire, Accountant General.of the said Court, and his Successors in the said Office for the Time being, for ever, in Trust, to and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, concerning the Offices of the said Register and Accountant General, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever: And whereas the Honourable Society

of Lincoln's Inn are Owners of a convenient Spot of Ground, Part of the ancient Garden belonging to the said Society, which will in all respects answer the Purposes intended by the said recited Act, upon which the said Offices may be erected, Efficiently detached from any other Buildings, and the Wor- shipful the Matters of the Bench of the said Society have agreed to dispose of so much Ground, Part of the said Garden, as shall be necessary for the Purpose of erecting the said Offices, to be applied to that Use, (to wit). All that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate on the East Side of the Garden next Chancery

Lane, abutting South on a Way intended to be made into the said Inn; East, on Ground adjoining to

Chancery^ Lane aforesaid, intended to be laid open; North, on Ground granted, or agreed to be granted,

to the Six Clerks, whereon an Office is intended to be erected; and Weft, on Ground also belonging

to the said Society, intended to be laid open; containing in Breadth from East to West, at the South c End, seventy-seven Feet seven Inches of Assize, with a Break Northward of four Inches in the Center

of the said South End thirty-four Feet in Length; containing in Length, from North to South, on the East Side, ninety-seven Feet ten Inches and three Quarters of Assize, with a Break Westward of eleven Feet six Inches and an Half in the said East Side, commencing at the Distance of twenty-one Fept nine Inches and an Half from the South End; and containing in Breadth from East to West, at the North End, fifty-four Feet six Inches of Assize; and in Length from North to South, on the West Side,

ninety-seven Feet ten Inches and three Quarters of Assize, with a Break Eastward of eleven Feet six Inches and an Half in the said West Side, commencing at the Distance of twenty-one Feet nine Inches and an Half from the South End; which Piece or Parcel of Ground is situated on a Parallel with the Buildings now carrying on in the said Garden, and commences on the North Boundary thereof at the Distance of forty-two Feet nine Inches Southward of the Center of the said Buildings; and the said Ground hath been approved by the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor, as proper for the Scite of the said Buildings; but in as much as the Soil and Freehold of the said Garden is vested in Trustees, upon Trust for the said Society, and a good Title cannot be made to the said Spot of Ground

without the Aid of Parliament;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and A certainPIotof with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, io this present Par- Lincoln^ inn liament assembled, and the Authority of the same, That such Plot or Parcel of the said Garden, be- ^tfc* longing to the said Society of Lincoln s Inny be, and the same is hereby vested in Thomas Anguish Esquire, gui^ Esq^ &rc. Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to hold to him, and his Successors in the said Office for building Offor the Time bung, for ever, in Trust, to and for the Purposes in the said recited Act of the fourteenth for the Ac-1 car of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in this Act mentioned, concerning the Offices of the said countant Gene-Register and Accountant General, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that r4,» the said Offices, when erected, be free from all Taxes', Rates, and Assessments whatsoever, save and |0be free from* except such as the Accountant General and Register, or either of them, do now pay in respect of their Taxes, sec, said Offices.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided nevertheless, That the Assessments to the Land Tax, now paid or payable by the said Offices, or either of them, be continued to be paid within the Division of the Liberty of the Rolls, wherein the same have been hitherto paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the patting and obtaining How the Ti. this Act be paid and defrayed out of the same Funds, and in like Manner, as the Charges and Expences oi rh}*

274 C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

[Preamble.]

Guardians appointed.

New Guardians, &c. to be elected in case of Death, &c.

Number of Guardians not to exceed sixty-three.

In what Manner to be elected to supply Vacaa-eiti.

Qualification of Guardians, &c.

Penalty on Persons acting and not duly qualified.

Time and P1ar« of the fi:ft Meeting of Guar-- uni*

attending the passing and obtaining the said recited Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty are thereby directed.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor*

within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, consists of two Distri3s, called the Distri3 of Saint James, and the Distri3 of Saint John: And whereas the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and the present Workhouse is not large enough to contain

them, and a considerable Debt for their Relief has been unavoidably contra3ed: And whereas the nre-

sent Method of raising and applying Money for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish is attended with many Inconveniencies: And whereas, if proper Powers were granted for relieving, go- verning, and employing the said Poor, and for paying the said Debt, and for enlarging the present or building a new Workhouse, and for raising and applying Money for those Purposes, it would contribute greatly to the Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the Good of the Community :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi* present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Reverend William SAlon%

J°fepb Keelings George Friend, Richard Gomm, William Black borrow, Rivers Dichenfon, Roger Griffin, John Pay, Benjamin Long, Thomas Chadley, Samuel Search, Hugh Dixon, Robert Nash, John Fowler, Francis Devalingen, Christopher Bartholomew, Joseph Barron, James Gibson, William Gib fin, John Olney, John Taylor, William Amery, John Pullirt, Thomas Kilburn, Morgan Austin, James Willshire, John Severn, William Crank, James Holliday, Robert Hawkins, Henry Sargood, George Scdgley, Joseph Brayne, Peter CraW~t ford, Thomas Crawford, Robert SkeAtt, John Thorpe, Andrew Walker, Thomas Mitchell, John Rob inf on, the Reverend John Davies, Thomas Collier, for and on Behalf of the Distri3 of Saint James; and the Re-^ verend Sir George Booth Baronet, the Reverend Roger Parry, Joseph Faikney, Heaton Wilkes, William: Nightingale, William Alonta?ue, George Jon, Richard Rugg, Gcotge Stow, Uriah Bristow, Gilbert Bearblock^ James Emenfon, William FoJbrook, John Court, William Story, John Barton, William Wildnian, James Up~, John, Thomas Kirk, Francis Peter Mallett, Benjamin Lyon, for and on Behalf of the District of Saint John together with the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said two Distri3s for the Time being, shall be, and are hereby appointed Guardians or Governors of the Poor of the said Parish, for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more of the Persons hereby appointed Guardians or Governors, as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to a3, or shall remove out of the said Parish, it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of both the said Distri3s (paying to the Rates of the said Parish for Church and Poor) to assemble and meet together in the Vestry-room of the said Parish, on Tuesday in Easter Week in every Year, or within one Month after, to ele3 and appoint one or more Person or Per*-, fons to be Guardian or Guardians, Governor or Governors, in the Room of the Guardian or Guardians,* Governor or Governors, so dying, or refusing to a3, or removing out of the said Parish: And all Persons who shall be so ele3cd and appointed shall be and are hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities* as the Persons in whose Places they shall respectively be elected and appointed were inverted with.

III. Provided always, That the Number of the said Guardians and Governors shall not exceed sixty-, three; and that, upon making the Ele3ion or Appointment upon the Tuesday in Easter Week, or within, one Month after, as a fore said, such Persons only as are Inhabitants of the Distri3 of Saint James shall be elc3ed to fill up the Vacancies occasioned by the Death, Refusal to a3, or Removal, of such Guardians, or Governors as were Inhabitants of the said Distri3 5 and such only as are Inhabitants of the Diflri3 of Saint John shall beeledled to fill up the Vacancies occasioned by the Death, Refusal to a3, or Removal, of such of the Guardians or Governors as were Inhabitants of the said Distri3; so that the Numbers be: forty-two for the said District of Saint James, and twenty-one for the said Distri3 of Saint John,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be assessed anti pay to the Poor's Rate of the said Parish at the annual Sum of twenty Pounds, or be possessed of a real or personal Estate to the Value of five hundred Pounds (except the respective Minister or Churchwardens of either Distri3, or the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and then only during the Time they shall continue in Office); And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to a3 as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Prote3ion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove that the Person so prosecuted a3ed as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided also, That no Vi3ualler, nor any Person who shall sell Ale, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of a3ing as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be a Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, and then only during the Time he shall continue to be Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors shall meet at the Workhouse of the said Parish on the second Tuesday after the passing of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Actj and they are hereby impowered to adjourn from Time to Time^ and meet at the same

1

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 275

feme Place, or at any other Place within the said Parish: And if at any Meeting so appointed there shall If sufficient' not appear a sufficient Number of Guardians or Governors to act, or to adjourn to another Day j or in ^rt 0not case the said Guardians or Governors so assembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves; Guardian*

-then, and in every such Case, any two of the said Guardians or Governors, or the Cleric to the said Guar- appoint anothof dians or Governors, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Guardians or Governors to be held at the Work- Meeting, house of the said Parish, publick Notice whereof shall be given, by affixing the same in Writing upon the

Crincipal Doors of the Churches of Saint James and Saint John, within the said Parish, at lead three Days efore such Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish, paying to the Church and Poor's inhabitants to Rates, are hereby authorised and required to assemble and meet together in the Vestry-room belonging to mrcton EaHcr the said Parish on Easter Tuesday in every Year, or within ten Days after; and the major Part of the In- Pu*1

habitants so assembled shall then and there make out a List of eight lit and proper Persons, being Inhabitants 07appoiiH^ng° of the said District of Saint James, to be Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; and no Lift shall be Overseers of the legal but that made as above in the Vestry-room of the said Parish; which Lift shall be returned to any P^or, *c. two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, acting in the Division of Finsbury, at a Petty Sessions to be held for that Purpose, whereof publick Notice shall be given in both the said Churches of Saint James and Saint John, on the Sunday next preceding the holding of such Petty Sessions, of the Time and Place of holding the same; and out of which Lift the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them then present, shall nominate and appoint four Persons, being Inhabitants of the District of Saint James as aforesaid, to be Overseers; and the Overseers so nominated, together whh the Churchwardens Overseer refusing of the said Parish, shall be Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Year then- rfkxt ensuing, and ©rn slotting hi* shall, within three Days after such Nomination, and Notice thereof given, or left at his or their Place or Dttt> ta f°dcu Places of Abode, take that Office and Duty upon him or them, upon Pain that every such Person refusing 10 ' or neglecting so to do shall forfeit the Sum of fen Pounds; and any two Justices of the Peace for the said County, acting in the Dfvision of Finsbury, are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate some other Person or Persons to the said Office in the Place of him or them refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so nominated in the Room of such Person or Persons shall take such Office or Duty upon him or them, under Pain of forfeiting the like Sum of ten Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect, to be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned; all which said Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer who shall be appointed to receive the Monies for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall be applied for and towards the Relief of such Poor.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of Time and P'?ec the said Parish, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to assemble and meet toge- of the iu »< Either in the Vestry-room of the said Parish on Tuesday in Easter Week, or oftener, as Occasion shall require, &c*

Notice whereof shall be given in both the said Churches of Saint James and Saint John, on the Sunday next preceding such Meetings respectively; and the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and In- n^fury to be habitants, or the major Part of them, so assembled, shall ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money necessary raued. to be raised within the Limits of the said Parish for the Relief of the Poor, and other the Ends and Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of Churchwarden*, the said Parish, shall assemble and meet together in the Vestry-room of the said Parish, within twenty &c. twenty Djy* Days after the said Sum or Sums of Money shall have been ascertained, as aforesaid (due Notice having *ft*rtheSum* been given in both the said Churches on the Sunday preceding such Meeting in Manner aforesaid), and at ftaUmVet to d* such Meeting and Meetings shall and are hereby authorised and required to make and sign one general settle the Rate* $ equal Pound Rate or Assessment, as near as may be, for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for other the Ends and Purposes of this Act, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach house. Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Parish, and on every other Person and Persons, who by Law is, are, or shall be chargeable or a fie (Table for or towards the Relief of the Poor, as the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, at such Meeting and Meetings, shall think necessary and proper; which said Rates or Assessments, so to be made, shall be made and laid according to the yearly Rent or Value of tlje Premises; and the said Rates or Assessments ind/lall enter shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, and shall he allowed by two of his them in a Book, Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, acting for the Finsbury Division, or any two and bc flowed neighbouring Justices for the said County, and Notice thereof given in both the said Churches on the by tW0Jufllcc*» Sunday next after the same shall be allowed.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or bc construed to ex- This Art not t«

tend, to tax, rate, or assess, for any of the Purposes thereof, any Part of the Gaol, commonly called extend to New

New Prison, at Clerkenwell, nor of the House of Correction, both situate in the Parish of Saint James, *>r^on# yrthe Clerkenwell.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inha- lf- yeft*r mcn bitants of the said Parish, shall at any Time refuse or neglect to assemble and meet together, or having &c. negJrt to* so met, shall refuse or neglect to ascertain such Sum or Sums of Money, in Manner as aforesaid; or shall nrifet for making refuse or neglect, within twenty Days after such Meeting, to make such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid; Rate*> the or in case such Rates or Assessments shall be deficient to answer the Purposes of this Act; that then, and in either of the said cases, and as often as it shall happen, it shall and may bc lawful to and for the said

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and they are hereby required to meet together at the Work-house, or in the Vestry-room of the said Parish, or such other Place in the said Parish as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and then and there make one general equal Pound Rate or Assessment, as near as may

276

Rate*; so mn^e by ih* Chi rch-w.irdt r.s and O* verutrs U be valid.

Landlords of H.'iitcs, cr thur Tenants, able to pay the Rates.

Perfrrs occupying f<*rar.te A* paitu ents iiaMe to pa) the Rates j

an»1 may d-du^t them our of their Kents.

Landlords not to be charced for iruteaied Rent. Power to compound for Housei not exceeding 101. per annum.

How Perfom removing from, or coming into, Hous'S are to pay the Rates.

Time of Commencement of the Rates.

After June 24, no other Rates to be made.

Agreements between Lcinoh rJs and Tenants njt to be vaca ed.

C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

be, in Manner aforesaid, for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for paying such Monies as have been necessarily expended under or in the due Execution of this Act; and therein equitably and proportionally rate and assess all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Tenement, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Building or Hereditament within the said Parish, and any other Person or Persons who by Law, or under this Act, are chargeable and assessdble for and towards the Relief of the Poor, as the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think fit and proper to be rated and act'efled; and which said Rates or Assessments, so to be made and signed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, shall be allowed by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, acting within the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or any two neighbouring Justices for the said County; and Notice thereof shall be given in both the said Churches the Sunday next after the same shall be allowed as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be made by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid, and effectual, and fh ill and may be collected and levied in like Manner, as if the same had been ascertained and made by the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, assembled as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, or UDge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

c XIII. And whereas there are divers Houses in the said Parish which are let in separate Apartments,

1 and other Houses let ready furnrthed to Lodgers, by which the Payment of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act is or may be evaded for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That the Landlord or Owner of each and every such House and Houses, or his or their Tenant, who shall let out his ' or her House or Houses in separate Apartments, or ready furnUhed, to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments by this Act directed to be raised and levied, whether he, she, or they, be rated or not.

XIV. And, for the more easy Recovery of the said Rates or Assessments, be it further enacted, That each and every Person and Persons so renting or occupying any separate Apartihent in such House or Houses, Or reaJy-furnished House, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the same; to be re-covcitd by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of each and every Person so renting or occupying the same, in like Manner as the Rates by this Act are to be levied and recovered.

XV. Provided always, That each and every such Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay such Rates or Assessments, or from whom the same shall be recovered, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the Rent due and payable, or to become due and payable, from him, her, or them, to the respective Landlord or Owner; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, from his, her, or their said Landlord, for so much Money as he, she, or they, shall pay, or which shall be levied on him, her, or them, in the Manner directed by this Act.

XVI. Provided also, That no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with, or liable to pay for, any increased Rent, reserved or made payable for or on account of his paying such Rates.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of them, to compound with the Owner or Owners of any Houses, or other Buildings, within the said Parish, the annual Rent or Value of each such House or Building being under ten Pounds, for the Rates by this Act authorised to be laid, so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner more than One-third of the Rate by this Act intended to be laid u pon such Premises respectively.

XVIII. And whereas Persons frequently enter and occupy Lands, Houses, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houfl s, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or Hereditaments, Part of the Year, or Quarter only, c by reason whereof great Sums of Money are annually loft;' be it therefore enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House, Land, Tenement, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, or other Hereditament or Premises, or out of or from which any other Person assessed or liable to pay shall be removed, or which, at the Time of making such Rate or Assessment, was empty or unoccupied; that then, every Person removing from and every Person so coming into, or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay such Rate, in proportion to the "Lime that such Persons occupied or held the same respectively, in the same Manner as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such Person so coming in, or occupying, had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate or AssessP-ment; which said Proportion dial 1 be ascertained by the said Guardians or Governors, or an/ five or more of them; to be levied and recovered in like Manner as the Rates by virtue of this Act are to be levied or recovered.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the first Rate or Rates, to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June next; and every future Rate or Rates shall commence from the Time that the last preceding Rates ended, and not other wise; and the Monies therein and thereby charged and assessed shall be payable and recoverable in Manner hereafter directed,

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish shall be made other than is in and by this Act directed, after the said twenty-fourth Day of Juve next.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching the Poor's Rates of the said Parish; but that every Person who, by virtue of any such Gontraft or Agreement, is or shall be obliged to pay the said Rates, shall, in Lieu thereof, be obliged, during the Continuance of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made, or so.

A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

much thereof as shall be deemed reasonable by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, acting in the Division of Finjlury aforesaid, or any two neighbouring Justices for the said County, in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise about the Proportion thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and shall and may take such Security as they shall think proper, from such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and for the true and faithful accounting for all Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act; and may likewise* from Time to Time, remove such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, or other Officers or Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die; and also shall and may, from Time to Time, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay, or cause to be paid, such Salaries, or other Allowances, as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or made, to the Officers, or other Persons so appointed, for and in Confutation of his and their Office and Offices respectively, and to such Other Person or Persons as have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this Act; provided that the Salary or Allowance to be made to such Collector or Collectors shall not exceed the Sum of Three-pence in the Pound of the Money by him or them collected in pursuance of this Acth

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and is or are hereby impowered to collect and receive the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and shall pay the Money, so by him or them collected or received, to such Person or Persons as the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and that four Times at least in every Year, or as often as the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall require it, an Account, from the Book or Books to be kept by the said Collector or Collectors, shall be fairly stated, and signed by the said Collector or Collectors, and also verified upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, which Oath the said Guardians and Governors, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorised and impowered to administer, and delivered by him or them to such Guardians or Governors as aforesaid, or to any seven or more of them* who are hereby impowered to discharge the said Collector or Collectors of all Monies which he or they shall have truly accounted for.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, or any other Officer or Servant, who shall or may hereafter be appointed by the said Guardians or Governors in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by such Guardians or Governors as aforesaid, for or on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to do any Thing ordered or directed by the Guardians or Governors for putting this Act in Execution, or on any Account whatsoever relating to the Execution thereof; or shall any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain made or to be made by such Guardians or Governors, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act; every Person so offending shall for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within six Months next after the Offence committed; wherein no Protection, Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and the Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and all other Persons who shall collect or receive any of the Monies arising by virtue of, or under, or in pursuance of, this Act, or otherwise, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, by virtue of their respective Offices, shall, under their respective Hands, and in such Manner, and at such Times and Places, as the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, Hull tiireft, deliver to the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, or to their Clerk for the Time being, true 2nd per rest Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of their respective Offices, or of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received, and how much thereof shall have been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments; also a true Lift of the Names of all Persons who shall have neglected or refused to pay their respective Rates or Assessments, and of the Monies due from them respectively, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Guardians or Governors,* or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, at such Times and Places as the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, shall direct; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting, as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, verify their said Accounts: And if any Churchwarden, Over* seer, Treasurer, Collector, Officer, or Person, shall not make and rentier, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Accounts, or to produce the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment, as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required by any five or wore of the Lid Guardians or Governors, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to his or their Office or Offices, or to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglfft to pay i uch Monies, as upon the Balance of his or their Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their tcipeftive Hands to the said Guardians or Governors, 01 any five or more of them, or as they shall direct

277

Appointment of Oince.i.

Security ro be t*ken from

Officers may be removed, &c. How Salaries to be paid.

Colleger's Salary n. t to exceed 3 d. in the Pound.

Collectors to receive the Rj and to pay Money as Chui.'ii* warden*. Arc. shall appoint. Accounts to be faiily stated four Times in the Year,

Penalty of 50k on Officers for not discharging their Duty, Set,

Treasurer*, Collectors, &c. to arcount for all Monies received;

and to make a List of all Persons who have refused to pay the Rate;, &c.

Officer* refilling to account, to or sued.

278

Or if Complaint be made to the Justicet,

they are to inquire into the Default, and grant Warrant for Distress

For want of Distress, Offenders to be committed.

If the Treasurer, Collector, $c. become Bankrupt, how Money in their Hands may be recovered.

In case of Nonpayment for 2f Days after demanded, Executors to be prosecuted.

Persons unable to pay the Rates may appeal to the Justices, who are »mpo\«ered to relieve them.

No Order of Guardians, &c. to be valid, unit's made at a M.-riing.

No Per'"3 to act as Guitdian

C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

or appoint; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, respectively, or for the Delivery of the said Books, Papers, or Writings; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect, as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, acting for the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or any neighbouring Justice for the said County, such Justice may and is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him; and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, unaccounted for, such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such Money, and the Charges of Distress and Sale; or in case it shall appear to such Justice, by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver the same, as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons shall refuse to account upon Oath; then, and in any or either of the said cases, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment, as aforesaid; or until he shall compound with the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Guardians or Governors, or airy five or more of them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden, Overseer, Treasurer, Collector, or other Person appointed by virtue of this Act, shall happen to die, or become Bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money by him or them received by virtue of this Act, then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators, Executrix or Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives of such Churchwarden, Overseer, Treasurer, Collector, or Person or Persons possessing his or their Estate and Effects, shall, in the first place, out of such Estate and Effects, pay unto the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all such Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Churchwarden, Overseer, Treasurer. Collector, or Person, at the Time of his or their Death; and the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Estate and Effects, in case of Bankruptcy, shall, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors his, her, or their Costs of suing out and prosecuting the Commission against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next*place, pay unto the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all such Sum or Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Churchwarden, Overseer, Treasurer, Collector, or other Person or Persons, at the Time of suing out of any such Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Effects will extend to pay; and the Receipt of such Person or Persons shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Ht ir. Executor, and Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person, as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced and brought against him or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall be allowed such Payment out of the Estate and Effects of such Churchwarden, Overseer, Treasurer, Collector, or Person, prior to any Debt or Demand whatsoever: And in case of Nonpayment of the same by the Space of twenty-one Days after the same shall have been demanded in Writing, left at the usual Place of Abode of such Heir, Executor, or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, to commence and prosecute one or more Addon or Actions for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Heir, Executors, or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person, as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be unable to pay the Rate or Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act, or shall be overcharged, he, she, or they, may, upon a Day to be fixed by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, appear before them, and make his or their Objections thereto; which said Justices are hereby impowered and required to hear and relieve them in such Manner as to them shall seem just, two Days Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of hearing the same having been given to the Parties concerned, or left for them at their respective Places nf Abode.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Determination of the said Guardians or Governors shall be v*lid, unless the same shall be made at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any Guardian or Governor, appointed or elected by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, ad as a Guardian or Governor in the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act during the Time he shall hold any Office of Profit, or any Cnntrad under the said Guardians or Governors; nor shall any Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, after the twenty-fourth Day of June next, provide, supply,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 279

serve, or furnish, any Beds, Bedding, Clothes, Victuals, or other Thing, for the Use of the Poor in the Workhouse of the said Paiifli; but the same shall be bought and provided by the said Guardians r Governors, or any five or more of them,

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, or either of them, from ordering the Person with whom such Things shall be deposited to deliver to any poor Person, not in the Workhouse, Cloathing, or Victuals, for their immediate Relief, which Things such Person is hereby required to deliver pursuant to every such Order.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or veiled in such Guardians or Governors, shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend any publick Meeting, to beholden as herein before mentioned, a sufficient Number of Guardians or Governors, according to the several Directions hereby given, being present at such publick Meeting; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Guardians or Governors shall have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all such Guardians or Governors for the Time being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of diem, shall and may, at any publick Mooting in pursuance of this Act, make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Disposition of the Monies aforesaid, and for the better relieving, maintaining, governing, employing, educating, and regulating the Poor of the said Parish, as to them shall appear necessary or expedient, so as such Rules and Regulations shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm.

XXXII. Provided always, That no such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, to be made by the said Guardians or Governors at any publick Meeting as aforesaid, shall be valid or in Force, unless the same shall be confirmed at the next Meeting of the said Guardians or Governors, after the making such Rules, Orders, or Regulations; and the same, when so made and confirmed, shall be of the same Force and Effect for the Purposes hereby intended, as if the same were enacted in the Body of this Act; and no Rules, Orders, or Regulations, so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be afterwards repealed or altered, unless at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and at which Meeting a greater Number of the said Guar^ dians or Governors shall be present and concur therein than were present at the making; or confirming such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, as aforesaid; nor shall any such Repeal or Alteration be deemed effectual, unless the same shall be confirmed at the next subsequent Meeting of the said Guardians or Governors.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, shall and may, at any public Meeting, order and direct the said Treasurer or Treasurers, from Time to Time, to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall thmk necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers are hereby authorised and required to pay the same from Time to Time accordingly; which Sum or Sums of Money so paid shall be allowed him or them in his or their Accounts respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, shall and are hereby impowered to keep, maintain, and employ, or cause to be kept, maintained, and employed, all such Poor of the said Parish in any Workhouse or Workhouse* erected or to be erected in the said Parish, and to purchase Materials for that Purpose, and to take the Benefit of the Work, Labour, and Service, of every such Person or Persons; to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act, and the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, frail, and they are hereby impowered to purchase, or contract and agree, from Time to Time, as they frail think fit, with any Person or Persons, for all Provisions, Necessaries, and Materials, of what Kind ibever, which shall he brought into the said Workhouse, or for the Use of the Poor; and also to contract r agree for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, or employing, any or all such Poor of the said Parish (four Day* previous Notice being given in one of the publick Newspapers of the Time and Place of making such Contract); and the said Guardians or Governors, or any seven or more of them, shall pay, or order the Payment of, the Monies due, or to become due, upon such Contrails and Agreements, to the Person or Persons in titled to receive the same, out of the Monies to be raised and cclledted by Authority of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised and collected, and all Fixtures, Furniture, and other Things bought and provided for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Guardians or Governors for the Time being, for the Purposes of this Act; who are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or so prefer,* or order the preferring, of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, any or any Part of such Things, the Property of which said Monies and Things shall be laid in every such Action or Indictment to be the Property of the said Guardians or Governors; and-very Action or Indictment so laid shall be held good in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy, or receive* into Pawn, any of the Clothes or Wearing Apparel, or any of the Victuals or Provisions, of any of the Poor who shall be maintained, cloathed, or victualled, in the Workhouse of the said Parish; or shall knowingly buy or receive into Pawn any of the Goods or Materials carried into the said Workhouse, or any other House or Place, in order to be wrought up, manufactured, or used by the Poor of the said Parish, or any of the Goods and Furniture of the said Workhouse; the Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of any one or more credible Witness o^Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, acting for the Division of Finsbury. aforesaid, or any neighbouring Justice or Justices of the said County, shall,

while he held* any Office.

Poor not in the Workhouse may be supplie.l wit I. Clothes, See for immediate Relief.

Powers rested in Guardians, &c. may be exe'eifed! by the major Part attending publick Meetings, Sec,

Guardians, &c. may make Regulation*, &c.

Orders and Regulations not to be in F< rce, un-hrf* confirmed at next Meeting; and not to be altered, unless at a Meeting for that Purpose,

Treasurer to pay Monies according to the Order of the Guardians, &c.

Guardians Powers with respect to the maintaining and employing of the Poor.

Contrails may be entered into-for Prov;ii inf. Materials, Arc*

four Days Notice being givens

Property of Monies, Furniture, &c. vested in tUf Guardians.

Person* taking-Clothes or Materials belonging to the Workhouse in pawn, to forfeit 40,1.

2$0

rray be Ifv.o.i by oi-;

id for want of

Di.lref*, OfVc'i-«1-t to be com-n»iueJ.

How Justices fiuy procred for tlu; Con' itlion ot 0:!cadcis,

How Persons imairvained in the Workhouse re ailing townie, or gull y of Mif-b^Ojviour, &c. Dtay be pu milled.

Laws relating to Churchwardens, &c. to continue in force, except v. I:eic ailcred by this Act. li'habitinti dttrncJ compe* tent W;ine(lc3.

Justices may ad-fiiinjller Oaths.

Churchwardens, &c. may appeal to the Quarter Sclhoi.s;

giving e'oht Days Notice*

All Monies due for R itp' may be le*icd by Di-fliefs.

If tlmre he not

fi.ffcunf Di flrrC, Offenders to be committed.

How Rites, &c.

may be levied from Persons

C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish: And if any Offender shall not, upon such Conviction, pay the Jame, the said Justice or Justices shall cause the Money so forfeited, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus, (if any) after such Forfeiture and Charges of the Distress are deducted and paid, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficienc Distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction of the said County, there to be detained and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the same Effect.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be maintained in the Workhouse or Workhouses of the said Parish, shall refuse to work, or be guilty of profane Cutting and Swearing, or otherwise misbehave himself or herself; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, to cause such Person or Persons so offending to be punished in such Workhouse, either by moderate Correction, Confinement, distinguishing them in Dress, Diet, or such other Method as may best tend to remedy such Offences for the future; any Law, Statute, or Ufrge to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Laws relating to the Office of Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and for the Relief and providing for the Poor, shall stili continue in Force within the said Parish, except in those Instances where the same are otherwise altered or directed by this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the said Parish shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or concerning this Act, or the Matters or Things herein contained, be, and be deemed, a competent Wit-nds, notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant, or paying the Rates of the said Parish; and that any Justice of the Peace of the said County acting for the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or any neighbouring Justice of the said County, may aft in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he shall be an Inhabitant of the said Parish, or pay the Rates thereof; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given td any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or when Oaths are to be administered by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons, for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending; and in all Cases where the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, are by this Act impowered to bring or institute, or cause to be brought or instituted, any Action or Actions at Law, or any Indictment or indictments, the same shall and may be brought and instituted in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Guardians or Governors, or one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may ba lawful to and for the Churchwardens ancT Overseers of the said Parish, in all Cases in their respective Offices, or relating to the Poor, where, by any LaW now in being, or hereafter to be made, Appeal is or shall be given to them from the rafs. Order, Conviction, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, acting in the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or of any neighbouring Justice or Justices of the said County, to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to be held for the said County, at their Election, first giving eight clear Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons concerned therein, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned, which Justices, in their laid Sections, may make such Order therein, and give such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable; and the said Justices, in their said Sessions, may, for want of due Notice, or for any other j.uft Cause, adjourn such Appeal from Time to Time, as they shall think fit.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to become due and payable by virtue of this Act, or any Rate or Rates made in Pursuance thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, acting for the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or of any neighbouring Justice of the said County, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned (which Warrants such Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant); and in case sufficient Distress shall not 6e found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned^ to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common or other Gaol, or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless stich Monies, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied; and that when and as often as any Distress shall, by the Authority of this Act, be made for Nonpayment of any of the said Rates or Monies hereby directed to be made, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of making and keeping such Distress.

XLV. And whereas it may happen, that many Persons liable to, and who may be rated and assessed 1 by virtue of this Act, may, before the Payment of the Sums which may be rated on them respectively*

281

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour to avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his or their Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, before he, she, or they shall have paid the said Rate or Assessment, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the lame when due, and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or one of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, afling for the Division of Finsbury aforesaid, or of any neighbouring Justices of the said County (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant in any Place within the County of Middlesex^ and such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be made; which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign), to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refuting or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after having deduced the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distreis and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chanels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, may, if they think proper, bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Action9 of Debt, or special Action on the Case, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures against this Act, or for all or any of the Fines set or imposed by virtue of, or in purftaance of, this Act, or any Part thereof \ in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare, that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of ten Shillings (or such other Sum as the Plaintiff shall suppose to be then due or forfeited,) for so much Money before then owing, (forfeited, or Fine set, as the Case may be) from or by the Defendant to the Plaintiff, by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, For building a Workhouse^ and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint fames, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex: And it the Plaintiff recovers in any such Action, he shall have full Costs; to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered; in which Action and Actions no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVII. And for providing a proper Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parish, be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any fifteen or more of them, (in consequence of an Order for that Purpose to be made at a publick Meeting, and also confirmed at the next Meeting, as herein before mentioned) shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised and required, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in, any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish, for the purchasing such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any or either of them, or so much thereof as the said Guardians or Governors, or any fifteen or more of them, shall think necessary for the Purposes of enlarging the present Workhouse, or of building a new Workhouse; and to purchase the same, and all Buildings thereon, in the Name of the then Churchwardens of the said Parish (who are hereby enabled to accept and take a Conveyance thereof to them and their Successors for ever); and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon for such Purchase or Purchases, to take Possession thereof, and to cause all Buildings thereon, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, to be pulled down and carried away; and to pay the Purchase-monies, and all Expences attending such Purchases, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any fifteen or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required to enlarge the present Workhouse belonging to the said rarish, or to build a new Workhouse on the Ground which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, for the Residence and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, and from Time to Time furnish the same with Beds, Bedding, and other necessary Furniture and Materials, for the comfortable Support, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Husbands, Guardians, and Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, and Guardians, or other Trustees -whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or issue unborn, Lunaticks oridiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, pofftfled of, or interested in, any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be thought necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to treat, fell, and contract, with the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, and to convey to the said Churchwardens, their Successors or Assigns, or to any other Person or Persons, and their Heirs in Trust for them, all or any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Estates, and Interests, or any Part thereof; and that all ContraSs, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyeances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoe* er, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in

quitting House*, Sec, and removing out of the Limit*.

Guardians may fat by Way of Action for all Penalties, &c. against this Act*

Guardian*, See, may pure ha'e Lands, &c. for u Workhouse.

Present Work-house to be enlarged, on new one built.

Bodies Politick, &c. impowered to sell and convey Lands, tc.

282

(Kail be I#-

demntfWif, notwithstanding Omiftoo -of Form, &c.

On Payment of Money for Lands, Owners to make Conveyancci*

Where the Parties cannot make good Convey, ances. Sec. Money to be paid into the Bank*

On Application, Court of Chancery may order Distribution of Money, &c.

After Payment, the Lands to be veiled ioChurch-vr ardent*

Purchase-momes of Premises held in Trull to be ‘inverted in other Purchases to the sameUsea.

Conveyances by F mts cowit, and inrolled within »2 Fiorthe# to be cncttiu).

Pet f'ns having any R j;ht in L^n lr>, Vc. Kto enter *.h-ir t laims within 3 Months after Inrolment j

C. J3.

Anno decimo quinto

any wise notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politick* Corporate of Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and 111 other Persons whatsoever, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of for the Purchase of any Estate, or Interest therein, to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal Conveyance?, Alignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the said Churchwardens, of the said Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so paid, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, and do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary to make a good, dear, and perfect Title to the said Guardians or Governors: And in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sumor Sums of Money shall be agreed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince his or their Tide to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances thereof; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be payable* cannot be found, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements* or jieredtqunents (deferring the m>, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Cud Court of Chancery: And on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, the said Court of Chancery shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and ta make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sumor Sums (mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for whose Use, the same is or are received) to such Person or Persons who shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank of England, as aforesaid: And immediately after such Payment to such Person or Persons or into the Banker England as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property* Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Credit such Money shall be paid in, to, and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, (halt vest in the said Churchwardens, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery and Seism, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Credit such Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Re-veifionor Remainder, and the Issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Fine and Recovery would have done if levied or suffered by the proper Parties ip due Course of Law.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the principal Monies arising by the Sale of any Lands, Tenements* Buildings, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes contained in this Act, of any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, aoq other Trustees, or from any Feme-covert, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed then afterwards to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, antF <subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies,^ the Houses, Edifices* Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased of them respectively by the said Guardians or Governors as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the Time of such Purchase, or so many thereof as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be existing. and capable of taking Effect. 4

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme-covert to the said Churchwardens, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Bargain and Sale, acknowledged by such Feme-covert, and inrolled in one of his Majesty's Courts'of Law or Equity at Westminster within twelve Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme-covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries* would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law: And further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Guardians or Governors, by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the same Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises in Trust for or to the Use of such Bargainer or Bargainers in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, having any Right* Title, Interest,- Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Post'eflion, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, or out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be purchased by and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 23. 283

to the Person or Persons aforesaid, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, shall, within the Space of three Months, to be computed from the Date of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk appointed by the said Guardians or Governors; which Book such Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be intitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law intitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words: And all and every Person or Persons whomsoever not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time, and in such Manner, as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of tw> Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be forever barred of

fall Right, Title, Use, Equity, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, m, to, upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the aid Churchwardens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of uch Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Tenements, and

Sereditamems, by virtue of this A<5L shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, for foney bad and received to his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any Person or Persons who received the Purchase money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid; and that, in every such Case, the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase money, or so muett thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the melne Profits of the Premises which they would have been intitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or other Person or Persons, in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, of any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Guardians or Governors as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee by Parole for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall, at the Expiration of six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon the Premises| w so foQU after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Governors or Guardians, and Churchwardens, or any Person or Persons authorised by them, or any nine or more of them, to take Possession thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons shall refuA to give such Possession, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, to ifitie their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Middle-jixt to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall, in such Precept or Precepts, be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession accordingly of

the said Premises, and to levy such Coils as shall accrue from the Issuing and Execution of such Preceptor Yecepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, now being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money, and^ Interest due thereon, or a proportionable Part thereof, in Proportion to what Sum shall be left remaining on their respective Securities, together with three Months Interest of the said Money, so paid by the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, or to the said Churchwardens, or their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trust for them; or, in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, that they will pay off and discharge all or any particular Hart of the Principal and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, in Proportion to the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, at the End or Expiration of six Calendar Months, to be com-*-puled from such Notice given; that then, at the End of the said six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Hrincmal and Interest so due, or the Purchase money at which the said Lands so to be purchased shall be Valued, to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall assign nis, her. or their Interest in the Premises so purchased to the said Guardians or Governors, or such Person or Persons as they, or any nine or more of them, shall appoint in Trust for them: And in case such Mortgagee or Mortgages shall refuse to assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall cease and determine.

LVU. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any such Mortgage, or such Proportion as aforesaid, into the Bank, at the End of Six Calendar Months from such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Caihrers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, of and in such purchased Lands, shall vest in the said Churchwardens, and their Successors, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, of which such Purchase shall be made, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

and if not prosecuted within two Years, to be fur ever dc-l

Bat may recover

the Purchase money (torn the Persons receiving the Time.

Tenants to deliver Possession ' alter six Months Notice.

Mortgager, on Tender of Principal and Interest, to convey the Premises.

On Refusal, Interest to cease.

On Payment of

Money into the Bank, Premise# vested in the Guardians, &c«

284 C. 23. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Sum* doe to be charged on Money raised by this Act. Monies to be paid or tendered before Use be made of the Premises.

to I. Penalty on Sheriff, &c. for making Default.

Guardians may raise Money by Annuities, Bonds, Sec,

7000l. may be advanced by any Person for the Purchase of one or more Annuities.

Annuities, &c. to be charged upon the Rates.

A no«»ties deemed indefeasible States,

and not so be subject to the Land Tax.

Annuities may be aligned.

Annuities, &c. to be entered in

Bocka.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be paid pursuant to any such Agreement, or on any such Mortgage, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon all Monies which shall be raised or received for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be tendered to the Party or Parties intitled to the same, or Notice thereof shall be left at his last or usual Place of Abode; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to accept the same, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England> in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, for that Purpose, in Trust for such Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the same, before the said Guardians or Governors shall proceed to pull down any Erections or Buildings, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them* shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, on the said Sheriff* or Bailiff, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, or Agents respectively* making Default in the Premises, or refusing to deliver Possession as aforesaid; and, from Time to Time* to levy such Fine or Fines, by order of the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all such Fines shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them* shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raise Money by Annuities, or upon Bond, or other Security* for the Payment of the Debt herein-before mentioned to have been contrafted for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, and for enlarging the present or building a new Workhouse for the Residence and Employment of the Poor, and for the Purchase of Houses and Lands for that Purpose, and for other the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned and contained: And it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the SunLof seven thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by, or on Behalf of, such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as no Person pay for or upon one Life more than the Sunt of three hundred Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under and by virtue of this Act, and also any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised upon Bond, or other Security, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments in this Act mentioned; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase-moneys in Manner aforesaid, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this Act* to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the Rates or Assessments by this Act appointed for the Payment thereof, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor, as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good, sure* absolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them, respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to the Tax charged, or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament: And that every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration of Purchase money* shall have a Receiptor Receipts for the same, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by Quarterly Payments, which Order shall be signed by the said Guardians or Governors, or any five or more of them, and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to af-sign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest thereon, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toiies queries; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Alignments shall be made in a Book or Books, to be kept as herein after mentioned, at the Charge of the said Guardians or Governors, for which Entry or Memorandum two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; and no such Assignment shall be deemed valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made* as aforesaid.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Guardians or Governors, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint* wherein shall be fairly entered, from Time to Time, an Account of what Monies shall have been bor* rowed, assessed, raised, levied, and paid, by virtue of this Act, and how the same shall have been applied* and the Name or Names of the Annuitant or Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they piid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and what he, she, or they, is or are to receive for the same; which Book or Books the said Annuitants, or any of them, and all Persons lending Money on the Credit

9

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 285

of this Act, or contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may at all convenient Times peruse and infipeft without Fee or Reward.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, to let, fell, and dispose of so much of the said Lands and Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, as shall not be necessary or used for enlarging the present Workhouse, or building a new one, for the best Price that can be got for the same; and in case a new Workhouse shall be erected, the said Guardians or Governors, or any nine or more of them, as aforesaid, may also let or fell the oldr Workhouse, and the Land thereunto belonging; and the Money arising by any or either of those Ways or Means shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the then Churchwardens of the said Parish are hereby authorised and required to lease and convey such Lands and Hereditaments accordingly.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians or Governors shall, at all their Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or 1 respaflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Case.

LXVII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting the rein, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof within two Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, such Appellant nrft giving, or cauhng to be given, ten Days Notice in.Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Guardians or Governors for the Time being, or to the Justice or other Person by whose Act or Acts such Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and within two Days next after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof; which said Justices at or in such Sessions, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices dial) be finaf, binding, and conclusive: And on all Appeals from Rates, the Justices shall amend the same in such Manner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief, without altering such Rates with respect to other Persons mentioned in the same; but if, upon Appeal from the whole Rate, it shall be found necessary to C6t aside the same, then they shall order a new Rate to be made.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any Guardian or Guardians, Governor or Governors* or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Guardians or Governors, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or orher*Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons acting under the Direction and Authority of the said Guardians and Governors, for any Thing dome in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Guardians or Governors; or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; or after three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such

Guardian* may let or fell Over* -plus Lands.

Governors, &e£

to defray their own Expences. Dill rest not to* be deemed unlawful for want of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover, if Tender of Amends be made*

Persons think* ing themselves aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Scftent*

Justice* Powers concerning Appeals from Rates,

Writing* not to be charged with Stamp-duty,

Proceedings to be entered in Books.

Proceeding* not1

to be quaftisd for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

*S6

eacul Iffut.

BwiVlaCofts.

txpenrti 6f tM* AA how to be ptid«

Fublkk A*.

Gw arp Anno deeur.o qtfinto GeofcGii ItT. A<D-. 1775,

such Action or Actiom, Suit or Suits, (hT. be so brought; and every such Action shall bp brought, laid, and tried, in the County of Middlesex, *i>J n ;t in any o«her County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such, Acti'>ns and mils, and evdiv, of them, may plead the General Issue, and give th‘*s Act, and the speoal Matter, in Evidence, at any T.ial or Trial3 which shall be had thereupon, anti that the Matter or Thing for whkh such Action ot Actions, Suit or Suns, fha.ll be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if such Matter cr Thing shall appeac to have been so done* or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered, as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defench^nt or Dftendanrs therein; and iF a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or ff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited^ or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein* then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Cods, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cods, in any other Cases by Law*

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and other Charges and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the Monies remaining in or coming to the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Paid Parish, or out of the first Monies that shall be raised by the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act (halt be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

The SCHED U L E referred to, containing the Form of Proceedings,

Warrant of Distress for Nonpayment of the Rates See.

Middlesex To wit- To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and to all Constables, Head boroughs, and other Peace Officers, for the same County.

WHEREAS, in pursuance and by Authority of an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 44 For building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and w Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Jatnes> Clerkenwell\ in the County of Middlesexf the under-mentioned Persons, now or late Inhabitants, Holders, Landlords, Tenants. Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cdach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, 6r other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of some Building or Tenement, within the said Parish of Saint James, ClerkenwelL, Were and are truly rated and assessed, or liable to pay the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the said Persons have refilled or neglected to pay the several Sums of Money at and against their Names hereunto respectively let down, for Money due from them, for 6r towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the said several Sum and Sums of Money ate (fill remaining due, in arrear, and unpaid, a* appeareth upon Oath to u», two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and the said several Sums having beeta demanded, and neglected to be paid, and the said several Persons having been summoned to appear before us, to answer the rretaifes, as also appeareth to U9, the said Justices. upon Oath, and they nor either of them having shewn any sufficient Cause: These are therefore, in his Majesty's Name, to will and rc- quire you, or either of you, forthwith to levy the said several Sums of Money due from the said Persons, and hereunder joined to or set against their Names respectively, by Distress and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels (such Goods and Chattels being Jcept by the Space of five Days before the same arse fold), rendering to them respectively the Overplus (if any be), the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Keeping, being first deducted; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to us, to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein as to Law doth appertain. And we do hereby strictly charge and command all and finguhr the Constables, Head boroughs, and other his Majesty's Peace Officers for the said County of Middlesex, to be aiding and assisting in ail Things relating to the Premises.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Persons Names.

J.B.

CD.

£ F. the Landlord for divided G. H. &c. —

Sums due.

£. s. 4.

Jl arrant

C. 24.

A.D. 1775'. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

Warrant for Want of Distress of Goods.

1 Middlesex, To wit. To all Constables, Headboroughs, and other Peace Officers for the County of Middlesex, and also to the Keeper of Newgate, or of the Case may be.)

WHEREAS, in pursuance and by Authority of an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year

f W of the Reign of King George the Third, 44 For building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief ?( and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Afrri-<c dlesex" now or late an Inhabitant, Holder, Landlord, Tenant, Occupier, or

t Enjoyer of Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Building, Tenement, or Here-f ditament, or Part of some Building or Tenetnent, within the said Parish, was and is truly rated and

afiefted, or liable to pay the Sum of for and towards the Rate lately made

f in pursuance of the said Act: And whereas the said refuted or neglected to

pav the said Sum of Money to the Overseer of the Poor, pr to the Collector of the Races of the said Pa-

rim, although the same was demanded, as appeared to us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the bid County, upon Oath, whereupon we the said Justices granted our Warrant, bearing Date the Day of directed to to levy the said

f Sum of on the said by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, rendering to him the Overplus (if any): And whereas

one of the Constables or Headboroughs of the County of Middlesex, to whom the said

Warrant was so delivered to be executed, hath made a Return of the said Warrant, and certified to us,

That, upon Inquiry and Search, it appeareth unto him, that the said

had not any Goods or Chattels whereof a sufficient Distress could be had or taken to levy the said Sum of and the said Sam is still due and unpaid, as appeareth also to us upon Oath:

f These are therefore, in his Majesty's Name, to will and require you, and every of you, to apprehend the said and him safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of Newgate,

or the Keeper of (as the Justices shall think proper) or his Deputy, together'

with this Warrant: And we do also hereby command you the said Keeper, or Deputy Keeper, to re- ceiye the said into your said Gaol, and him safely keep, without Bail or

-4 Mainprize, for Calendar Months (or other Time), unless such Money, and all reason*

f able Charges, shall hefooner paid.

f Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

Notice of Appeal

TN pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King 4 A George the Third, ci For building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the ParUh of Saint James. Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex," we do hereby give

you Notice,~That yre do intend to appeal to the next Sessions of the Peace, to be holden (if by Ad>- v 4 joumment, then those Words to be added) for the County of Middlesex, against the Pals, Order, Conviction, or Determination (as the Case may be) of two of hi*

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, whereby they have (fating the Matter tended to be appealed against.)

4 Dated the Day of

Form of Conviction.

4 BE k remembered. That on the Day of in the

4 -D Year of the Reign of King George the Think is convicted

before ofnis Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

4 Middlesex, by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 44 For building a Workhouse. and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the ParHh 44 of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesexof (fPeci/ying the Offence.)

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, (or my Hand and Seal,) the Day and Year aforesaid/

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for incorporating certain Persons, for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of

Clergymen within the County of Huntingdon.

WHEREAS within the County of Huntingdon are many small Ecclesiastical Benefices, by reason prtimblt, whereof it frequently happens that Clergymen of the said County die leaving their Widows and Children in distressed Circumstances: And whereas divers charitable ted well-disposed Persons have voluntarily subscribed towards the Relief and Support of such poor Widows and Children: And whereas such Subscriptions might be enlarged, and many other Persons induced to become Subscribers to thfe Charity, by means whereof a more ample and permanent Provision might be made for such poor Wi-> v 4 dows and Children, if proper Persons were incorporated, with Powers to receive, manage, and dispose of, such charitable Donations, and to take and hold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Charity may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be ilt enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi» ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

a fame*

288 C. 24. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Governors ap« fame. That the Most Noble George Duke of Manchester, John Earl of Sandwich, Robert Earl of Har-

*0‘ntci» borough, the Right Honourable John Montagu* commonly called *Lord Viscount Hinchingbroke, the Right Honourable Peter Earl of Ludlow in the Kingdom of Ireland, John Lord Bishop of Lincoln, and the Bishop of Lincoln for the Time being, the Right Honourable Joshua John Proby Lord Cary fort in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Robert Bernard Baronet, Sir Charles Cope Baronet, Nicolas Bonfoy, Charles Greene, and Richald Reynolds, Esquires, * George Raitl Doctor of Physick, the Reverend William Watson his Majesty's Professor of Divinity in the University of Cambridge, and the Professor of Divinity in the said University for the Time being, the Reverend Michael Tyson Clerk, Archdeacon of Huntingdon, and the Archdeacon of Huntingdon for the Time being* and all Persons who have already subscribed and paid at one Payment or who shall at any Time hereafter subscribe and pay at one Payment, the Sum of twenty Guineas, and also all Persons during the Time they shall annually subscribe and pay the Sum of one Guinea or more to the said Charity, shall be and are hereby appointed Governors of the said Charity; and the said Gover-who are to form nors shall be one Body Politick and Corporate in Deed and in Name, and shall be called The Governors of ‘nt Body Poll- *she Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen within the County of Huntingdon 5 and raw *and C6rp°* by the same Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, break',

9 alter, and make new, their said Common Seal from Time^to Time at their Pleasure, or as they shall see

Cause; and the said Governors, and their Successors, by the same Name shall and may sue and implead, and be sued and impleaded, answer and defend, and be anfivered and defended, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, or any other Places of Judicature within this Realm, and shall and may do and execute «11 and fingiriar oilier Matters and Things by the Name aforesaid, in as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Cor-*nd are im- jjorate, within this Realm, can ormay in any wise lawfully do; and that the said Governors, and theft* powered to re- Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to take, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, the*Pur°fe«of* an(^ them and their Successors, all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been paid,

this Act*61 ° -subscribed, given, devised, or bequeathed, or which remain undisposed of, or shall at any Time or lime*

' hereafter be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, to and for thfe And to bold charitable Purposes in this Act memioned; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, 'l*»nds. Sec. not shall and may at any Time hereafter, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, receive, take, hold, and pcTAnnom00* cnj°y* for Purposes aforesaid, -any Manors, Lands, Rents, Tenements, Annuities, and Heredita-per nmim. tnents, of what Nature or-Kind feever, or any Estate or interest arising or derived out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to them and their Successors, in Fee and Perpetuity, Or for Life or Lives, or for Term of Years, or otherwise, not exceeding the yearly Value of five hundred Pounds beyond Reprizes, and also all Manner of Goods, Chattels, and Things whatsoever; and also to let, sell, alien, assign, and dispose of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and Things, at their Will and Pleasure.

*iefident, Vice- H, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bishop of Lincoln for the Time being XrmTnSCom^ be and is hereby appointed President of the said Corporation; and that the said ATichael Tyson, Arch* jniKeci* *-° " -deacon of Huntingdon, and George Raitt, shall be and they are hereby appointed Vice-Presidents of the ^pointed; said Corporation; and that the said Richard Reynolds and Peter Pechard shall be and are hereby appointed

Treasurers of the said Corporation; and that the said Bishop of Lincoln, IVUltam Watson, Michael Tyfont flcorge Raitt, Richard Reynolds, Peter Peckard, Benjamin Addenbroke Clerk, Robert Hodgson Clerk, John Trollope Clerk, and Reade Peacock Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed a Committee for who are to con- transacting and managing the Affairs of the said Corporation; and the said Vice-Presidents, Treasurers, tinuc in their and Committee, shall continue in their respective Offices for the Space of twelve Calendar Months only,

| vnlefe they shall be again clewed thereunto, as herein is mentioned; and the said President, or, in his ear on y. Absence, one or both of the Vice-Presidents, or one or both of the Treasurers, with any four or more of the said Governors, or, in the Absence of the President and of all the Vice-Presidents and Treasurers, any Virft General five or more of the said Governors, shall compose a General Court 5 and that the Officers herein before Court to be held named, and Governors, shall assemble and meet together in the Church of All Saints in the Town of on 13th June, Huntingdon, on Tuesday the thirteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the 775# Purpose of holding the first General Court, and shall then, and from Time to Time, be adjourned to such x

Times and Places as the said General Court shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act; and A General Court a General Court of the said Governors shall be holden annually upon the second Tuesday after Easter be held an- Sunday, ot oftener, if Occasion shall require, upon Notice thereof given by the Order of any three or

more of the said Governors, by publishing the Time and Place of holding such General Court in the Cambridge Chronicle, or some other publick Newspaper, fourteen Days at leaf! before the holding of every when Vice-Pre- such General Court; and at every such annual General Court the Vice-Presidents, Treasurers, and Com-fidentt, See are mittee (which Committee shall consist of such Number of Governors as such annual General Court shall to bcxbo&n. think necessary), and other Officers and Servants, shall be elected for the Year ensuing; and the said Governors assembled at any General Court shall have full Power and Authority, in the Name of the said Corporation, to do, manage, transact, and determine, all such Matters and Things as shall to them, or any five or more of them, at any such Courts, appear to be necessary or proper; and for the better carrying this Act into Execution, any such General Court may delegate such Powers and Authorities to the said Committee as they shall think proper.

Governort msy,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors, at any cfftod of fh h t*lc'r General Courts (but at no other Time), to dispose of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and Common Val* or^er anc* the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute such and so many and make Bye- Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, as to them shall seem necessary and convenient, for the better laws, &c. governing* regulating, ordering, and managing the Business of the said Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants, and Persons employed in and about the Affairs of the said Corporation, and from Time to Time

6 L to

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 24J - 289

to alter or amend all or any such Bye-laws, Constitutionl, and Ordinances, and to ofder and direct such Bye laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances so made to be observed, and put in Execution accordingly, at their Will and Pleasure, provided they are not contrary or repugnant to Law; but no Bye-law, Constitution, or Ordinance, which shall be made or altered, or any Rule or Order which shall be made by the said Governors by virtue of this Act, shall be binding, or have any Force or Effect, until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next succceding annual General Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation of a Vice President or Trea- Governor to e-surer of the said Corporation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors, or any five or ,eft Vice ?rcfl~ more of them, at any General Court, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint some other Person

in the Room of such Vice President or Treasurer. €lfcof Vacancy*

V. And be it further enacted, That all Questions at any General Court, or at any Medina; of any All Question* in

Committee relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be decided by Vote, in all which Questions the the General President or Chairman shall be allowed to vote; and in case of an Eciuality of Votes, therresident or ?°"It<1fhh8l,ve Chairman shall have the castingj Vote; and upon Demand of any three MemDers or Governors of the said dcci ed y ote#

Corporation present at such General Court or Meeting of any Committee, the Question or Questions

then proposed shall be determined by Ballot, to be immediately proceeded upon and completed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Governors, or any five or more of them, at a General Governors may Court, shall have Power, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to appoint such other Officers and Per- pPoint ne# offons as they shall think necessary to employ for the Purposes and in the Execution of this Act, and from cen

Time to Time to suspend or remove all such Officers and other Persons, or any of them, as they shall or suspend such think fit, and appoint others in case of Death or such 6ufpension or Removal; and may, out of the Mo-

niesto be received for the Purposes of this Act, make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons lbmk for their Services as to the said Governors, or any five or more of them, at a General Court, shall seem reasonable; and that it shall and may bfe lawful to and for the said Committee so appointed, or to be Committee vest-elected as aforesaid, or any three or more of them, at any Meeting, to suspend or remove any such Offi- ed with like cers and other Persons, and to appoint othe.3 in case of Death, or such Suspension or Removal, until a Powtn« General Court shall be held; and the said Governors, or any five or more of them, at any General Court, may confirm such Appointments, or may remove such Officers of other Persons, and appoint others in their Room; and all Officers and other Persons, so appointed, shall, from Time to Time (when there- Officers to ac-

unto required by the said Committee, or any three or more of them), make and render to the said Com- count }° mittee, or any three or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their re- Committeeuj>oa lpeftive Hands upon Oath, to be taken before (wo or more of the said Committee (which Oath any two 1 ' of the said Committee are hereby impowered to administer), of all Monies which he or they, and every of them respectively, shall have received, paid, and dftbursed, by reason of their respective Offices; and m case any Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Committee, or any three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same: And in case any such Officer or other Persons shall not make and render, or shall refuse On Default

30 verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to make such Payment as aforesaid; then, any qne or more thereof, to be Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Huntingdon shall and may make Inquiry of and con* committed, cerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer); and if any such Officer or Person shall be tonvifted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit the Party offending to the Common Gaol of the County of Huntingdon, there to remain, without

Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee, or any three or more of them, and have paid such Composition-money; which Composition the said Committee, or any three or more of them,

are hereby impowered to make and receive.

VII. And whereas the Reverend James Orem, late Rector of Connington and Denton, in the said County of Huntingdon, deceased, did, by his Last Will and Testament, bearing Date the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, give and devise to the Reverend Benjamin Addenbroke of Folksworth, in the said County of Huntingdon, and to Alexander Arbuthnot of Cheapside, London, Haber-

# daflier (his Executors therein after appointed), the Sum of four thousand Pounds, three per Centum reduced Bank Annuities, Part of the Stock or Fund of that Denomination which was then (landing in the Name of the said James Orem, in the Books kept at the Bank of England; upon Trust, nevertheless,

that his said Executors, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, should pay, apply, and dispose of the whole Dividends, Interest, and Produce thereof,

4 as the same should ar.fe and become due, to and for the Use and Benefit of his Sifters-in-law, Mary Gardner and Beatrix Shaw, equally Share and Share alike, for and during their joint Lives; and from and after the Decease of one of them the said Mary Gardner and Beatrix Shaw, to pay the whole Divi- dends, Inter efts, and Produce of the said Sum of four thousand Pounds, as the same should arise and become due, to the Survivor of them, for and during the Term of her natural Life; and from and after the Decease of the longer Liver of them the said Mary Gardner and Beatrix Shaw, the said Testator willed, that the Sum of two thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities (Part of the said Sum of four thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities) should be transferred by his said Executors, to and in the Name of the Reverend Charles Jenner Doctor in Divinity, since deceased, the then Archdeacon of the County of Huntingdon, and in case of his Death, to his Successor for the Time being, to whom the said Testator gave and bequeathed the same, and the Interest and Produce thereof, upon the Trusts, and to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes therein after expressed concerning the same; (that is to

2go

Archdeacon of Huntingdon exchanged from the Trust of a Lc^ gacy given b/ the lare Reverend Mr. Orem.

The Name* of

Subscribers shall be entered in a Book, with the Sum* subscribed, &c.

Expences of this Act how to be paid.

Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs,

Foblick Act.

C. 24. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

c say), As to the Sum of one thousand Pounds (Part of the said two thousand Pounds reduced Bank

Annuities) upon Trust, that he the said Charles jennery and his Successors for thoTime being, Archdeacons of Huntingdon, should pay, apply, and dispose of the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of the said Sum of one thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities, as the same should become due, and be re- ceived, as an Increase or Augmentation of the annual Subscription, which was then carried on by the Gentlemen and Clergy of the said County of Huntingdon, for the Benefit of distressed Widows and Or- phans of such Clergymen as were at any Time theretofore possessed of a Living or Benefice in the said County; and if the said Subscription should fail or be discontinued, then upon this further Trust, that the said Charles Jenner> and the succeeding Archdeacons of Huntingdon for the Time being, should pay, ‘ apply, and dispose of the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of the said one thousand Pounds reduced

Bank Annuities, as the same should arise and become due, to such three necessitous and distressed Wi-

dows of Clergymen, who should have been resident in the said County, as the said Archdeacon and his

Successors for the Time being should think fit, to be equally divided between them; and if at any Time there should not be three such Widows living in the said County, then upon Trust to pay and apply the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of the said one thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities, orf# 4 much thereof as should not be disposed of to the Widows of Clergymen in Manner before directed, to

such necessitous Maiden Daughters of deceased beneficed Clergymen who should have lived in the said c County, in such Shares and Proportions as he the said Charles Jenner> and the succeeding Archdeacons

of Huntingdon for the Time being, should think fit: And whereas the said Beatrix Shaw is now the only surviving Sifter-in-law of the said Testator, the said Mary Gardner being long since dead: And whereas the Reverend Michael Tyson (the present Archdeacon of Huntingdon) is desirous of resigning

the said Trust to the Governors of the said Charity incorporated by this Act, in case he shall be enabled so to do ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said one thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities shall, from and immediately after the Death of the said Beatrix Shaw, be transferred by the Executors.of the said James Orem deceased, unto, and the same shall be and is hereby veiled for ever in, th_e Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen within the said County of Huntingdon, incorporated by this Act, and the Interest, Dividends, and Produce, which shall, after such Transfer, arise therefrom, shall be paid and applied by the said Governors, to and for the charitable Purposes in the said Will mentioned, and to no other Use^ Trust, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that after such Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, the Executors under the Will of the said James Orem shall be discharged from so much of the Trusts in the said Will as relates tQ the said one thousand Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governors shall, from Time to Time, cause to be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, the Names of the Persons who shall subscribe or contribute, give, devise, or appoint, any Money, or any Real or Personal Estate, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, towards the Charity hereby established, with the Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels, Estates, or other Things, by them respectively contributed, given, limited, appointed, or devised, to the End that a perpetual Memorial may be maae of the Benefactions of all such well-disposed Persons: And the Treasurers of the said Corporation, and each of them for the Time being, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, upon receiving any Money or other Profits for the Purposes aforesaid, to give proper^Receipts and Acquittances for the same; and all such Receipts and Acquittances (halt be a good and sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons to whom they shall be given, for all such Money, or other Matters therein specined.

IX. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tha't the Charges and Expences of procuring and obtaining this Act shall be, in the first place, paid out of any Monies already subscribed or given for the charitable Purposes herein before mentioned, or which shall hereafter be subscribed, given, or bequeathed, to the said Corporation for the Benefit of the said Charity.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfort or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, that Action or Suit shall be brought within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County of Huntingdon, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited in that Behalf, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble, Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in, other Cases by Law. ‘

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged* and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

c.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 25. 291

CAP. XXV.

An Act for taking down the Common Gaol of the County of and for building a New Gaol in a more commodious Situation.

WHEREAS the Common Gaol of the County of Hertford is situate near the Middle of the TWn of Hertford, and so closely encompassed by Buildings, that it is impossible to accommodate the unhappy Persons confined therein with a sufficient Supply of fresh Air, from which Circumstance the said Gaol is generally unhealthy, and frequently visited with a malignant Fever called the Gaol Distempej, the fatal Effects whereof have sometimes extended beyond the Limits of the said Gaol; and it is expedient that the said Gaol should be taken down, and a new one erected in a more airy Situation, in order to prevent the fatal Consequences attending the said Distemper 5 but the same cannot be dorfe without the Aid of an Act of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of she Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hertford, at their next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County after the passing of this Act, or at any other subsequent Quarter Sessions, or the greater Number of such Justices assembled at any such Sessions, and they are hereby impowered to treat, contrail, and agree, wirh the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons impeded in, any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within or near to the said Town of Hertford, which they the said Justices so assembled, or th*e greater Number of them, shall adjudge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchas© thereof, at such Price or Prices as to the said Justices 10 assembled, or the greater Number of them, shall seem xeasonable.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, for or on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes-covert, and for every otnor Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract for and fell, and convey the same, to the Justices of the Peace of and for the said County for the Time being, for such Sum and Sums of Money as (Kail be agreed upon; and that all such Contracts, Bargains, dales, and Conveyances-shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good and valid in the Law to all intents and Purposes, j)ot only to convey all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of the Person and Persons conveying, but all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Persons so contracting, agreeing, and conveying, as aforesaid, shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums so agreed or contracted for the Purchase of any such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or legal Tender thereof, to the Parties concerned respectively, which Sum or Sums of Money the said Justices assembled at their General w Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, or the greater Number of them so assembled, are hereby authorised to order to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by this Act, such of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which such Value or Recompence shall have been contracted or agreed on, as aforesaid, shall, from thenceforth, by virtue of this Act, be vested in the Justices of the Peace of and for the said County of Hertford \ and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, or the greater Number of them, so assembled as aforesaid. to order and direct such Houses or Buildings to be taken down, and to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the taking down the same; and to fel) and dispose of the Materials to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the same, for such Price or Prices as to them the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, or the greater Number of them^ shall seem meet; and to apply the Monies to arise thereby for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as to the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, or the greater Number of them, shall seem meet; an^ this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify, as well the said Justices as all other Persons interested, ;their HeirS| Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, against all and every other Person and Persons, to all Intents Purposes whatsoever., '

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to cause to be built and finished, upon any Lands or Grounds, or the Scite or Scites of any House or Houses, or other Buildings so to be purchased as aforesaid, a convenient Gaol, for the Confinement of Criminals, Debtors, and others, and also a proper Place for the residence of the Gaoler, and such other Buildings and Conveniencies as shall be adjudged requisite by the said Justices at their Quaxte^ Sessions, for the safe keeping of such Persons as shall be committed to the same, either for Debt^ Felony, or any other Offence 5 which Gaol, when built and finiftied, is hereby declared to be a Publklc and Common Gaol for the said County, and shall, from Time to Time* be maintained, supported, and repairedi by such Ways and Means as other Gaols in this Kingdom are by Law to be supported* and maintained and the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being shall have the keeping thereof, and shall have Power, when the said Gaol is made fit for the Reception and safe keeping of Prisoners, to remove thither all such Piifoucraat shall then be in his Custody, which Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape: 1

Justice* Impowered to purchase Lands, &c. for the Purposei of this Act.

Guardian*, ted impowered to contract for, or sell and convey HOufct, Loads, &c.

and indemnified therein.

Upon Payment of Purchase* money Justices to be vested in the Premise*.

Joftfcet Impew* ered to take' ' down Houses, and feu J rials j

atjd to build V new Gaol,

Sheriff to Hava the keeping thereof, and to, remove thither.

292

Until a new Gaol beboilt Sheriff to remove Prisoner* from the old Gaol to the House of Correction.

Justicea iwpw+ tred to take down the old Gaol, and dif-. pofeof Mate* rials.

How Money for the Purpose of this Act it to be raised.

Liberty of St. Alban to be. frifefled at well at the County j 5001. to be failed therein

In loch Manner at Jnftket flu 11 4»re&.

This Act not to* prejudice the Rights of the lari of Sal* hory.

Chorthwardeoa, &c. to collect Monies necessary for the Par-pofet of this Act» and to pay the same to the High Coio> flabloa.

la cafrof We* gleft or Refuel, to be levkd by Hifetft,

C. 25. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III< A.D. 1775.

€ V. And to the End that the Materials of the said old Gaol may be applied towards the Building of the said new Gaol/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said new Gaol shall be fit for the Reception and safe keeping of such Prisoners, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being to remove such Prisoners to, and confine them in, the House of Correction at Hertford, or such other Place as the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, shall approve of; and that after such Removal or Removals, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at their said General Quarter Sessions, to cause the present Gaol to be taken down, and the Ground or Scite thereof, or therctb belonging, to fell or otherwise dispose of, and the Materials thereof, or any Part thereof, either to use in or about the building or finishing such new Gaol, or to fell or otherwise dispose of, and the Money arising by any such Sale or dales to apply towards the Expence and Charge of building and finishing such new Gaol; which Removal or Removals shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order to raise the Sum of Money which shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, all and every the Messuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, lying and being in the said County of Hertford (except as after is excepted J, shall be, and are hereby made chargeable and liable to the Payment of lo much of the Money which shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to be raised and paid according to the yearly Value of such Messuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, such yearly Value to be ascertained by the Poor's Rates of the respective Parishes and Places in which the same are respectively lying or being, in the Manner herein after mentioned; which said Money foas aforesaid being Part af the Money which shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, is hereby directed to be raised within the Space of four Years from the passing of this Act; but it is hereby provided that the same in the Whole ,shall not exceed the Sum of Eight-pence in the Pound of such yearly Value, and that no greater Proportion thereof be raised in any one Year than Three-pence.

1 VII. And whereas the Liberty of Saint Alban is in the said County of Hertford, and Justices of the Peace are appointed for the said Liberty by a separate Commission of the Peace, distinct from the Commission of the Peace for the County of Hertford at large, and the said Liberty doth not contribute

to pay to the County Rates made for the said County at large; nevertheless the said Liberty will re-

teive a joint Benefit from the said new Gaol with the rest of the said County of Hertford, and therefore the^Lands and Tenements within the said Liberty should be charged and rated towards railing the Money

which will be necessary for the Purposes of this Act;' be it therefore further enacted, That all and every the Messuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, lying and being in the said Liberty of Saint Albany (except as heretn-after is excepted) shall be, and are hereby made chargeable and liable to the Payment of nve hundred Pounds towards the Money which shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act; to be raised and paid according to the yearly Value of such Messuages, Lands* Tithes Appropriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, such yearly Value to be ascertained by the Poor's Rate of the respective Parishes and Places in which the said Messuages, Lands, Tithes Ap* propriate and Impropriate, Tenements and Hereditaments, are respectively lying or being; and that, not-withstanding any Matter or Tiling in this Act contained, the said Sum of Money herein-before directed to be raised in the said Liberty of Saint Albany shall, and is hereby directed to be raised in the said Liberty, in such Manner and Proportion as to the Justices of the Peace of the said Liberty, in Quarter Session af* sembled, or the greater Number of them so assembled, shall seem meet, so that the same be paid by the Treasurer of the said Liberty for the Time being into the HanJs of the Treasurer of the said County of Hertford for the Time being, within the Time herein-before mentioned for raising and paying the Money herein-before directed to be raised and paid for the Purposes of this Act in the rest of the said County ©P~ Hertford.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to extinguish, restrain, or otherwise prejudice the Rights and Jurisdiction of an ancient Hundred Court, held by the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, and his Pcedeceflors* for the Hundred of Cajbio or Liberty of Saint Albany or to tak,e away or abridge any Jurisdiction, Authority. Privileges, or Immunities, which the said James Earl of Salisbury, his Heirs or Assigns, enjoy, ©? ought to enjoy, as Lords of the Hundred of Cashioy or Liberty of Saint Albany by virtue of any Law* Usage, Custom, Prescription, Grant, or Charter; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the more easy collecting the Monies which shall become becessary for the Purposes of this Act, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being* of each and every Parish and Place in the County of Hertford, shall, and they are hereby required, out of the Monies colfeded, or to be collected, for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place, to pay unto the High Constables of the respective Hundreds or Divisions of the said County at large such respective Sums of Money as the yearly Value of all and every the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in every such Parish or Place respectively (except as herein after is excepted), shall* amount unto, after such Rate in the Pound as the Justices assembled for the said County of Hertford, in the General or Quarter Sessions, or the greater Number of them so assembled, shall order and direct; such Payments to be made within the Space of thirty Days after Demand made thereof in Writing on such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, or left at their or any of their Dwelling House os Houses by the said High Constable or Constables of the respective Hundreds or Divisions which Demand the respective High Constables are hereby required to make within twenty-one Days next after Notice to them respectively given of such Order of Session; and in case such Churchwardens and Over- seers of the Poor, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to pay any Sum or Sums of Money hereby made payable by them as aforesaid (after Demand made as aforesaid), the respective High Constables shall, and

i' ' they

*93

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 25.

they are hereby im powered to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwardens and Overseers so refusing or neglecting, in such Manner as is directed by the Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy offering, collecting and levying of County Rates, with respect to the Nonpayment of the Sums of Money thereby assessed and made payable by Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor; and the respective High Constables of the said County are hereby required to pay over the said Monies which (halt be so received by them, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of the same, unto the Treasurer of the County of Hertford for the Time being.

4 X. And to the Intent that the yearly Value of all and every the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be charged towards the Payment of the Money to be raised for the Purposes and by virtue of this Act, may be ascertained,' be it further enacted, That the yearly Value of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the same as they are mentioned to be in the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes and Places where the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are respectively lying; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor respectively of each and every Parish and Place in the County of Hertford shall, upon Demand, produce and shew to the said respective High Constables, and also to one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said County who shall require the same, such respective Poor's Rates; and in case of Neglect or Refusal (b to do, such Churchwardens and Overseers mall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds; to be levied in the same Manner as the Monies made payable by this Act from Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, in case of Nonpayment of the same, are to be levied: And in case any of the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with Intent to lessen the Monies intended to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall, in any of the Poor's Rates, fraudulently value their or any other Tenements at a Idler Value than they have been usually valued at in the respective Poor's Rates; then, and in such Case, every Churchwarden and Overseer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered in the Manner^herein after directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Places in the said County of Hertford shall, for the Monies which shall be raised and collected for the Purposes and in pursuance of this Act, give Receipts to the respective Tenants and Occupiers of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, paying the same, who, upon producing such Receipts, shall be intitled to deduct such Monies as have been so paid by them, and speei-lied in such Receipts, out of the Rent which shall become due to their respective Landlords.

XII. Provided always, That no Parson, Vicar, or Curate, for or in respect to his Parsonage, or Vicarage House, or of his Tithes or Glebe Lands not being Impropriate, or his or their Tenant or Tenants, shall be liable to contribute or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, in respect of such Tithes or Glebe Lands, but the same are hereby exempted from such Payment; and that in case any such Parson, Vicar, or Curate.or their respective Tenant or Tenants, shall, for or in respect of any such Tarfonage or Vicarage House, Tithes or Glebe Lands not being Impropriate, out of the gross Sum which Hull have been paid by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor to the High Constable as aforesaid, happen to have paid any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act; that then, and as often as such Case shall happen, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall, out of the succeeding Poor's Rate, repay such lait mentioned Sum or Sums of Money to such Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or such respective Tenant or Tenants who shall have happened so to have p?.id the Lfame, or shall permit and suffer every such Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or their respective Tenant or Tenants, to deduct such Sum and Sums of Monevoutof such last mentioned Poor's Rate.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Messuages, Lands, Tithes Appropriate or Impropriate, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying or being within the Borough of Saint Albanj with or to the Payment of any Money for the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. And, in order to ascertain what Proportion of the said Rates shall be raised in any one-Year, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Hertford, or the greater Number of them, in their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled, shall have Power to ascertain and determine the same by Order of Sessions.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Charges and Expences as shall have been sustained or expended in or about procuring this present Act of Parliament, shall (in the first Place) be satisfied and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and that after such Charges and Expences, and the Charges of erecting, completing, and ftnishing the said Gaol and Buildings, and all Debts incurred thereby, and all other Monies to be paid in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully paid and satisfied, the Surplus of the Monies to be raised and levied by virtue of this-Ad shall, by Order of the said Justices, assembled in their General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, be paid into the publick Stock of the said County, and be deemed and taken, and shall and may be applied and paid, as Part of the common Stock to and for such Uses as the County Stock can or may be applied.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall not be paid wkhin six Months next after the passing of the same, the Treasurer of the said County of Hertford shall, and is hereby required, within one Month after the Ex1-piration of the said six Months, to pay and defray all such Charges and Expences 5 and the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to allow the same in the said Treasurer's Accounts.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That some Time in the Month of October, in every Year, a (air and [uft Account shall be made out of all the Monies received and paid by virtue and

Monies to Be raised according to the Poor's Rate.

Church wardens,-See, to produce Poor's Rates to High Coaliihle%, &c.

In case of Re-fufal, or producing fraudulent Account, ta forfeit 40l.

Churchwarden*}

Sec. to give Receipt*.

Eeemptloo oft

the Clergy.

Borough of St; Alban not liable-to any Expences. in virtue of this Act

Justices to if— certain what Sum Hull bo: raised in any one Year.

How Surplus Manicure to* be applied*

in

Treaflifer of tBt: County to pay the Expences of obtaining this AO, if not paiJj within fix Month*. Account! to be* made out an*- ' nually

294

How Fine* shall be levied and applied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions,

Limitation of Actioni.

[General Issue.]

Treble Colt*.

Publick Act#

[Preamble.]

Ad 6 k 7 Gul. III.

ASt ti Geotlh recited.

After July 5, 1775, Majesty, &c. to appoint Commissioneri for ad* 'measuring and marking all Kecli, Boats, Waggons, &c. used for carrying Coals, Sec, as by Ad 6 k 7 Cul.

m.

G. 26, 27. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

in pursuance of this Act, and how, and to whom, and when, and for what Purposes, the same have been laid out, paid, and expended; a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed by the said Justices, or the major Part of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the Time being, to be kept among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace, who shall permit any Person so rated or afiefled, las aforesaid, to inspect the same at all seasonable Times, paying Sixpence for such Inspection; and shall upon Demand forthwith give Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rate of one Shilling for every one hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hereby In-flifted or authorised to be imposed, shall be recovered by Distress and Sale] of the (Offender's Goods and Chattels, by a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more

justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hertford; and in case sufficient Distress shall not e found, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the said County, there to remain, without Bail-or Main-prize, for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until the said Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be paid; and that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall apprehend themselves overcharged or otherwise aggrieved by any Assessment or other Act to be made or done by virtue of this present Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their next Quarter Sessions held for the said County, after Demand of the Monies addled, or after such other Act done, who shall and may make such Order therein as to them, or the major Part of them, then and there present shall seem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought and commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Hertford, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffiie, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall ai\d may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for such Costs as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cases by Law.

XXT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shaft be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take Notice thereof as such, without foecially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for toe Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages used in loading Coals on Board Ships at the several Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as at the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of hi*

late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging; and by another Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Keels, and all other Carriages used for the Carriage of Coals in the Ports of Newcastle upon Tyne 2nd Sunderland, upon the River Jvear, and all other Places within the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, are to be admeasured and marked, as in and by the said first-recited Act is directed ! And whereas the said Admeasurement of Keels and other Carriages, used for the Conveyance of Coals, in order to be shipped from those Ports,

hath been found by Experience to tend greatly to the Accommodation of Trade, and the Security of the Publick Revenue; and it is expedient that the Carriages used in loading Coals on Board Ships or Vessels in other Parts of Great Britain should be also admeasured and marked, in order that the Coal Trade throughout the Kingdom may be put upon a more equal Footing, and the Duties payable to his Majesty thereon may be more effectually secured and collected may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Commission or Commissions issuing out of the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, to nominate and appoint Commissioners for the admeasuring and marking all Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, and Coups, and all other Vessels or Carriages whatsoever, which now are or hereafter may be used in the Carriage of Coals, in order to be laden on Board any Ship or Vessel for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise from any other Port or Place of this Realm, in the same Manner as such Commissioners are appointed in pursuance of the said firffi»recucd Act for admeasuring and mark*

inf

5

295

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.

ing of Keels and other Carriages used for the Carriage of Coals in the said Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland j which Commissioners, so to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any three or more of them, shall cause all Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, and Coup9, and all other Vessels and Carriages whatsoever, so used as aforesaid, at every other Port in this Kingdom, to be admeasured, weighed, hum-- bered, aid marked, at such Times and Places, and by such Person and Persons, as the said Commissioners shall respectively direct and appoint for that Purpose, in the Manner hereafter expressed; that is to say, all Keels, Boats^ Waggons, Barrows, Carts, and Coups, and all other Vessels and Carriages whatsoever, used as aforesaid in the Carriage of such Coals as are usually sold by the Chalder, shall be measured with

food middling Coals, by the Buftiel commonly called the Coal Bushel, made round, with a plain and even The Dimenfiom lottom nineteen Inches and an half from Outside to Outside, and to contain one Winchester Bushel and of the Bufcei. one Quart of Water, according to the Standard for the Winchester Bushel, described determined by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for settling a Duty upon Malt, allowing thirty-six Bushels heaped up to one Chalder, and all Keels, Boats, Waggons, Keel*, Boat*. Barrows, and all other Vessels and Carriages used as aforesaid in the Carriage of such Coals as are usually sold by Weight, shall be measured by the Ton, containing twenty hundred Weight, each hundred Weight by th^Ton* to contain one hundred and twelve rounds Weight avoirdupois; and every such Waggon, Carr, Coup* containing or other Land Carriage, so admeasured as aforesaid, shall be numbered, marked, and nailed, on the Head aoCwt. &c. and each Side thereof; and each and every Keel, Boat, or other Vessel or Water Carriage so used as Waggons, Cart*, aforesaid in the Carriage of such Coals as are usually sold by Weight, shall be admeasured by a dead and

Weight of Lead or Iron, allowing twenty hundred Weight avoirdupois to the Ton; and every such mari<ed'«ndiii Keel, Boat, or othqr Vessel or Carriage, so used as aforesaid in the Carriage of any, Coals by Water, what Manner* whether usually sold by the Chalder or by Weight, so admeasured as aforesaid, shall be numbered, marked, and nailed, on each Side of the Stem and Stern and Midship thereof, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall respectively direct, to denote what Quantity of Coals each respective Carriage will '

hold and carry up to the Mark so set thereon; and the several and respective Duties due and payable to DirtielVo be paid his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon such Coals, shall be charged, collected, and paid for according to the; the same, according to the Quantity of Coals such Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, Coups, or Quantity such other Vessels or Carriages, shall respectively contain up to the Markfo set thereon; any Law, Custom, or Kcds, Boats, &c. Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. shall contain.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners appointed in pur^ Commissioners fuance of this Act, or any three of them, shall give three Days Notice of the Time and Place of such Admeasurement to the Owner or Owners of such Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, Coups, or other Owners ofKeeJir Vessels or Carriages; and if after such Notice given, any Keel or other Carriage whatsoever shall be used &c. of the Tim© or employed in the Carriage or Removal of any Coals, in order to be laden on Board any Ship or Vessel and piaceof A/U for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise in this Kingdom, before the same shall be measurement; measured, numbered, marked, and nailed, as aforesaid, every such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, ^tice^ifanv Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, together with the Coals which shall be laden thereon, shall be for- Kee^Vc/be feited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted in used before mea-the Manner herein after directed. fared, &c. the

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case after the admeasuring, number- ^.The, to for~ ing, marking, and nailing, of any Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup, or other Vessel or Car* j/In* Number* riage, the Number or Mark so set thereon as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be removed or altered, or Marks be re. in order to frustrate the Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, moved, &c. »f-Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, and the Coals, if any shall be laden thereon, shall be forfeited, and ter Admeasure. shall and may be seized and prosecuted as aforesaid; and the Owner or Owners of such Keel, Boat, Wag-' ent of K«el,»

§on, Barrow, Cart, Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, and each and every Person or Persons who (halt theyihallbeVor-e any-ways concerned in or privy to the doing thereof, and who shall be convicted of such Offence upon* feited, the Evidence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any one or more Justice or Justices of and the Owners the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall respectively* or Person* con-forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; to be levied upon his, her, or their Goods and Chattels by Distref9 and cer"cd *° forfeic Sale thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus, if' may be any, to the Person or Persons distrained upon; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Owner or Owners levied by Distress* of such Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, Cart, Coup, or other Vessel or Carriage, and the Person or Per-" or such Person* fons so convicted of such Offence shall, by like Warrant, be committed to the Common Gaol for the' may hecommit-County, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of three tcdPayment. Months without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty of ten Pounds shall be paid before the Expiration of that Time.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, Persont appoint-any Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed to examine and take an Account of the Quantity of any cdtot*ke*n &c. Coals, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be laden or shipped on Board any Ship or Vessel at any Port or culm,0Ac.O{hip« Place whatsoever in this Kingdom, to be exported info foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise from pcd, &c. mayenZ such Port or Plnce to any other Port, Member, or Creek, within the same Port, or to any other Port or icrand remain Place in Great Britain, shall and may freely enter and remain in and upon any Staith, Wharf, or other °nsny Wharf, Place, from whence such Ccals, Culm, or Cinders, are laden, or intended to be shipped off and laden, p<jrf

as aforesaid; and every Person who shall hinder, obstruct, molest, or oppose any Officer or Officers of the obstructing of- Customs in the due Execution of his or their Duty required and directed by this Act, shall, for every such beers in their Du* Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds., ty to forfeit took

, V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Forfeitures and Penalties herein- Forfeitures, &c. befo'e mentioned (after the deducting the Charges of seizing, prosecuting, and recovering the same) to be divided, shall be divided, one Moiety tp his Majesty, his llgjrs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Of- one Moiety to ' ficer Majesty, aflvi

2g6

other to the Officer who shall due for the same.

Collectors of the Customs lo keep Accounts of the Time and Place where Keels, Boats, &c. are marked, &c.

Persons appointed to'mark and measure Keels, 8 >its, &c. to make Oath before the Collector for the faithful Discharge of fhdr Duty.

Limiution-of

Aliens.

General Mae,

[Treble Costs.]

How Proceedings ore to be regu-Jotodio Scotland,

[Preamble,

After July r, 177 no Person who shall begin to work as a Collier or Salter in Scotland to be bound in any other Way than other Servants. Owners of Collieries and Saltworks, &c. may sake Apprentices.

C. 28. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

ficer or Officers of the Customs as shall feizo or sue for the same; and the said Forfeitures and Penalties (excepting in such Cases where other Directions are given in this Act) shall and may be prosecuted and filed for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of Ttf/p, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five,' the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at every Port or Place in this Kingdom, where any Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, Carts, or other Vessels or Carriages whatsoever, shall be measured and marked in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, or of any former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, shall register or cause to be registered, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Time and Place when and where the said Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, or other Vessels or Carriages, were measured, marked, and nailed, with the Dimensions, and the Name of the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Quantity of Coals each Keel, Boat, Waggon, Barrow, or other Vessel or Carriage, will respectively hold and carry up to the Mark fee thereon; and every Person appointed, dr to be appointed, to measure, mark, and nail such' Keels, Boats, Waggons, Barrows, or other Vessels or Carriages, or to examine and take an Account of the Quantity of Coals laden there from on Board any Ship or Vessel, shall take an Oath before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where he shall be so appointed, for the true and faithful Performance and Discharge of his Duty, according to the Directions and Instructions such Officer shall receive for that Purpose from the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, which Oath the said Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced and prosecuted in the Court of Exchequer Only in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Court of Session or Exchequer only in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, within the Space of four Calendar Months next after the Fad shall be committed or done: And if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in England% the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law: And if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland the said Court of Session or Exchequer before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defendant to plead this Act on his Defence, and if the Pursuer shall not infifton his Action, or if Judgment shall be given against the Pursuer, the Defendant shall and may recover the full and real Expences he may have Deen put to by any such Action or Suit.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for altering, explaining, and amending several Acts of Parliament of Scotland, re-

spefting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters.

WHEREAS by the Statute Law of Scotland, as explained by the Judges of the Courts of Law there, many Colliers and Coal-bearers and Salters are in a State of Slavery or Bondage, bound to the Collieries and Salt-works where they work for Life, transferable with the Collieries and Salt- works, when their original Matters have no further Use for them: And whereas Persons are discouraged

and prevented from learning the Art or Business of Colliers or Coal-bearers, and Salters, by their be-

coming bound to the Collieries and Salt-works for Life, where they shall work for the Space of one Year, by means whereof there are not a sufficient Number of Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, in Scotland, for working the Quantities of Coal and Salt necessarily wanted; and many new-discovered Coals re- main unwrought, and many are not sufficiently wrought, nor are there a sufficient Number of Salters for the Salt-works, to the great Loss of the Owners and Disadvantage to the Publick: And whereas the emancipating or setting free the Colliers, Coal-beareis, and Salters in Scotland, who are now in a

State of Servitude, gradually and upon reasonable Conditions, and the preventing others from coming into such a State of Servitude, would be the Means of increasing the Number of Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, to the great Benefit of the Publick, without doing any Injury to the present Matters, and would remove the Reproach of allowing such a State of Servitude to exist in a free Countnrmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

1 this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July, in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, no Person who shall begin to work as a Collier, Coal-bearer, or Salter, or in any other Way in a Colliery or Saltwork, in Scotland, shall be bound to such Colliery or Salt-work, or to the Owner thereof, in any other Way or Manner different from what is permitted by the Law of Scotland with regard to Servants and Labourers; and that they shall be deemed free, and shall enjoy the same Privileges, Rights, and Immunities with the rest of his Majesty's Subjects, any Law or Usage in Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. rrovided always, That it shall be lawful for all Owners and Lessees of Collieries and Salt-works, and fox Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, to take Persons bound by Contraft or Indenture, as Apprentices,

to

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo qiiinfo Georgii III. c. 28. 297

to learn the Art or Business 6f Coal-hewing, Coal-bearing, or making Salt, for any Term of Years per-initted by the Law of Scotland with regard to Apprentices in.other Arts and Mysteries.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons under the Age.of Twenty-one Years, upon the said first Day of July, employed as Colliers, Coal-bearers, or Salters, in Scotland* and bound to any Colliery or Salt-work, shall, after seven Years Service from the said first Day of July, be free from their Service and Servitude, and at Liberty to engage themselves as Servants or Labourers in any other Colliery or Salt-work, or in any other Kind of Labour whatever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all bound Colliers and Salters in Scotland, above the Age of twenty-one Years, and under the Age of thirty^-five Years, upon the said first Day of July, after a Service of ten Years; and all Colliers and Salters above the Age of thirty-five Years, but under the Age of forty-five Years, at the said first Day of July) after a Service of seven Years; and after their'having respectively found and sufficiently instructed a Person as an Apprentice, if required so to do by the Matter or Lessee of the Colliery or Sail-work? within one Year after the said first Day of July next, in the Art or Mystery of Coal-hewing or making of Salt, of the Age of eighteen Years aflcaft; when such Instruction shall be perfected, shall be free frdm any other Servitude 6r Bondage to the Colliery or Salt-rwork to which they were bound.

V. And be it also enacted, That all Colliers and Salters, bound to any Colliery or Salt-work in Scotland, above the Age of Forty-five Years upon the said first Day of July next, shall, after three Years, be free and discharged from any further Servitude or Bondage to the Colliery or Salt-work to which they are bound.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any bound Collier or Salter shall not sufficiently instruct an Apprentice in the Art or Mystery of Coal-hewing or making of Salt, if reauired by the Matter or Lessee of the Colliery or Salt-work to which he is bound, as <iirested by this Act, such Collier or Salter shall nevertheless be free, after the Performance of an additional Service of three Years at the Colliery or Salt-work to which he is bound.

VII. Provided always, That every Collier or Salter, claiming Liberty under the Authority of (his Act, shall, prior to his bein^ freed from his Servitude or Bondage, obtain a Decree of the Sheriff Court of the County in which he resides, finding and declaring that he is intitled unto his Freedom, under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purpose of obtaining such Decree,1 it shall and m&y be lawful for the Collier or Salter claiming his Freedom to present a Petition to the Sheriff^ Depute or Substitute of the County where he resides, dating his Claim of Freedom, and offering to prdve the Fafts which intitle him to it, and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute is hereby authorised and requited to order the Petition to be served upon the Owner, Lessee, or Overseer, of the Colliery or Salt-works'to which the Petitioner is bound, and to order an Answer to be put in to the Petition inten Days after Service, dating the Objection or Objections to the Freedom claimed, if any such are intended to be made; and the Sheriff shall thereafter proceed in a summary Way in taking the Proofs, and all other Procedure necessary, until a Decree shall be pronounced; and if the Decree of the Sheriff shall be flgainst the Petitioner, finding him not intitled to Freedom, it shall nevertheless be competent to such Petitioner, at atiy Period after the Expiration of one Year, to present a second Petition, dating his Claim of Liberty of Dew, and which shall be proceeded upon in the same Manner as the former; and if the Petitioner fails in obtaining a Decree for him on the second Petition, he may, after the Expiration of one Year Frdm the Date of the second Decree, present a third Petition, which shall likewise be proceeded upon in the same Manner; and if he fails in obtaining a Decree upon his third Petition, he may present a fourth, and so on, till he obtains a Decree declaring his Freedom, one Year at least being expired after a Decree upon one Petition before it shall be competent to present another.

IX. Provided always, That in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Sheriff, that the

Person so applying by Petition has, subsequent to the passing of this Act, been guilty of entering into any unlawful Combination with the other Colliers or Salters to leave off working, in order to distress or injure the Proprietor or Lessee of/uch Coal or Salt-work, or in order to compel him to increase the Wages or Allowances usually paid for the said Workt or that the Person so applying shall have wilfully deferred the said Works; then, and in that Case, the Person guilty of such Offences shall not be intitled to the Benefit of the said Act until the Expiration of two Years after the respective Periods at which, in Terms of this Act, he would have been intitled to his Freedom, if he had not been guilty of such Offences.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be competent for the Respondent or Respondents to such Petition to remove the Proceedings upon it into the Court of Session in Scotland, by Advocation, or to complain of any Decree by Appeal or Suspension, or to sue for Reduction of any such Decree; and that every Decree upon such Petition, finding and declaring the Freedom of the Petitioner, shall be final and conclusive against the Person to whom the Petitioner was bound.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when Colliers or Salters obtain their Freedom under the Authority of this Act, their Wives and Children in Family with them, and all others who make Part of their Family, and are Coal-bearers, or otherwise assistant to them, shall likewise be free.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coal-bearers and other Labourers in Collieries or Salt-works, who are bound to any Colliery or Salt-work in Scotland, and do not belong to the Family of any particular Collier or Salter, shall, if under the Age of forty-five Years, after seven Years Service, from the said first Day ofjuty, be free from their Service and Servitude, and at Liberty to engage themselves as Servants or Labourers in any other Colliery or Salt-work, or in any other Kind of

vet. XII. CLq Work

Persons employed as Colliers, &c. under si Year*, shall be free after fevers Years Service. All bound Col-Jieis and Salter* above it and under 35 after a Service of ten Years, and thofs above 35 and under 45 after seven years, to be free, having found and in-stru&ed Apprentices, if deflred.

Bound Colliers, See, above 45 Years to be free after three Year*. Colliers and Salters not properly iastructing Apprenticei, to serve 3 Years longer than the Time specified, and then to be free. Colliers, &c. claiming Liberty to obtain a Decree of the Sheriff Court, See,

In what Manner* Colliers and Salt* ers are to sue out their Freedom.

Person* guilty of unlawful Combinations, &c. to serve two Years after they would have been m-ti tied to their Freedom. Respondent to any Petition may not remove the Proceedings up* on it into the Court of Session. A11 Decrees de* daring Freedom to be final.

When Colliers or Salters obtain their Freedom, all their Family to be also free. All Coal-bearers who are bound, &c. and under 45 Years, to serve seven Years; and above45, to fern three Years,

298

All Colliers, &c. having obtained their Ffeeder), are intitled to the Benefit of the A & of Scotland for preventing urongous Itn-jprisonnaent, Ac,'

[Preamble.]

Act of the Parliament of Scotland, 1633, Car, L recited.

Act of the Parliament of Scotland, 1661, Car, U. recited.

Act of the Parliament of Scotland, 1693, Gul. mt Mar hr, re-filed.

The akofe-ro-

cited Ada of the Parliament of

C. 29. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Work whatsoever, and if above the Age of forty-five Years they shall be free after a Service of three Years.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July, in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, all Colliers and Salters then free, and all Persons that may thereafter become Colliers and Salters, and all Colliers and Salters bound to any Colliery or Salt-work upon the said first Day of July, from the Time of obtaining their Freedom under the Authority of this Act, shall be intitled to the Benefit of an Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and one, intituled. At1 for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to repeal two Acts made in the Parliament of Scotland, the twenty-eighth Day of yune, one thousand six hundred and thirty-three, intituled. Act anent the Clan Gregour, and the fifteenth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three, intituled, AH for the Justiciary in the Highlands, so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; and to revive an Act: of the said Parliament of the twenty-sixth Day of April, one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, relative to the People called Mac Gregours.

WHEREAS in the Parliament of Scotland, being the first Parliament of King Charles the First, holden at Edinburgh, the twenty-eighth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and thirty-three,

an Act passed, intituled, Act anent the Clan Gregour, ratifying and approving all Acts of Council and of Parliament made theretofore against the Clan of Mac Gregour, and ordaining the Clan or People of the

Name of Gregour or Mac Gregour, and every one of them, at arriving at the Age of Sixteen, to give Se- curity to the Privy Council of Scotland for their good Behaviour and Obedience; and that the said Clan Gregour should take to them some other Surname; and that upon their Failure to appear, it should be lawful to any of his Majesty's Lieges to take and apprehend them to be presented to the Privy Council,

there to be taken Order with; and if it should happen any of the said Clan Gregour to be hurt, mutilated,

or flain, the Party so doing and their Accomplices should no Ways be subject or liable to Law there- fore* nor incur _at>y Pain or Skaith in Body or Goods, and should be free of all Pursuit, Criminal or Civil, and the same should be holden as good Service done to his Majesty; and that for the better ex- tinguishing and extirpating the said Clan, no Minister or Preacher within the Bounds therein mentioned should at any Time thereafter baptize or christen any Male Child by the Name of Gregour, and that no Clerk or Notary at any Time coming should make or subscribe any Bond or other Security under the Name of Gregour; And whereas in the hrft Parliament of King Charles the Second, holden at Edinburgh, Anno one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, an Act passed, bearing Date the twenty-sixth Day of April in that Year, whereby his Majesty, considering that those who were formerly designed by the Name of Mac Gregour had, during the Troubles, carried themselves with such Loyalty and Affection to his Majesty as might justly wipe off all Memory of their former Miscarriages, and take off all Mark of Reproach put upon them for the same; and his Majesty being desirous to reclaim his Subjects from every evil Way, and to give all due Encouragement to such as lived in due Obedience and Submission to his Majesty's Authority and Laws of the Kingdom, therefore his Majesty, with Advice and Consent of his Estates of Parliament, refeinded, caffed, and annulled the thirtieth Act of the First Parliament of King Charles the First, intituled, Act anent the Clan Gregour, and declared the same void and null in all Time coming, and that it should be thereafter free to all Person$ come of the Name and Race of the Clan Gregour to keep and make use of the said Name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour, and enjoy all Privileges and Immunities as other Subjects, notwithstanding thfe said Act, or any other Acts, or any Thing the ce- in contained, to the contrary: And whereas in the Reign of King William and Queen Mary an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the fifteenth of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three- intituled, Act for the Justiciary in the Highlands, whereby their Majesties, with thd Advice and Consent of the Estates of Parliament, revived the Act of Parliament of one thousand six hundred and thirty-three against the Clan Gregour, notwithstanding the same was refeinded in the Year one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, which Act refeissary their Majesties did, by this Act, annul and make void: And whereas those Persons who were the Objects of the«foresaid Acts did generally give Obedience to the Law, by assuming other Names, and many of the Defendants of those Persons now bear the Names that were by them so assumed: And whereas the causes' induftive of the Acts for suppressing the Name of Gre- gour, or Mac Gregour, are now little known, and have long ago ceased, and those Acts being incapable of Execution ever ftnee the Powers of the Privy Council of Scotland were abolished, many Persons considering them to be ineffect, and for the most part obsolete, do now use the Name of Mac Gregour: And whereas many Persons of the Surname of Mac Gregour have found divers Inconveniences arising to them from the said Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, particularly by being disabled, and apprehend- ing themselves disabled thereby, from suing and defending in their own true Names in Courts of Law and Justice in North Britain, and are desirous to re-affiume the real Name of their Ancestors and F&-4 milies, but are unwilling so to do while there is the Appearance of a legal Prohibition (landing against them; and for as much as they cannot be fully relieved without the Authority of Parliament,' may it

therefore please your Majesty .(upon the humble Petition of Gregor Drummond, Esquire, for himself and and many others), that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present;. *- Parliament

Scotland, 1633 and O93. so far at they rcfoeA the Clan Gre gour, are kjr rbi> Act r pealed. The Act of the Parliament of Scotland, April *6, 1661, hereby revived, and in full Force.

[Preamble.]

Act 14 Geo. III. recited.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. jo, 31.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, of the twenty-eighth Day of June one thousand six hundred and thirty-three, and the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, of the fifteenth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-three, so far as respects the Clan Gregour, or Mac Gregour, shall be and stand repealed, refeinded, annulled, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made the twenty-sixth Day of April one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, be and the same is hereby revived, and declared to be in full Force and Vigour in Time coming.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or stamp the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his Office.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- y V tuled, An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, it is enacted, That exact Duplicates or Copies of the several Standard Weights therein mentioned shall be delivered to and lodged in the Custody of an Officer, to be from Time to Time appointed for that Purpose, with a Salary not exceeding the yearly Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds; and that, from and after the Day therein mentioned, all Weights to be made use of for we'gh- ing the said Gold and Silver Coin shall be ascertained by the said Duplicates or Copies; and after having been tried and compared therewith, and found to be just and true, shall, in Testimony thereof, be marked by the said Officer with a Stamp or Mark, which the said Officer is thereby directed to provide; and is also required, upon Application made to him, at all seasonable Hours, to stamp or mark, in Manner therein mentioned, all Weights to be used for weighing the said Gold and Silver Coin which should be brought to him for that Purpose, and which he should find to be just and true, according to the said Duplicates or Copies of the Standard Weights of a Guinea, and of a Shilling, and of the Parts and Multiples thereof respectively, by the said Act directed to be lodged in his Custody, without Fee or Reward, and without wilful Delay: And whereas the Officer appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, in pursuance of the said Act, hath hitherto duly executed the same, but is unable by himself to give that Dif- patch therein which the present Demands of the Publick require; and it would greatly tend to the speedy carrying the Intention of the said Act into Execution, if the said Officer were permitted to take a small Fee for the (tamping or marking the said Weights, towards reimbursing him the necessary Expence of procuring an extraordinary Number of Assistants adequate to the said Demands, which, as the Law now (lands, he is not allowed to do May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for John Whitehurst, the present Officer, and every other Officer to be from Time to Time appointed for therur-pose aforesaid, in pursuance of the said Act, and he and they are hereby-respectively authorised and impowered, toafk, demand, and receive, of and from all and every Person and Persons bringing Weights to the said Office, to be stamped or marked in pursuance of the said Act, any Sum of Money not exceeding one Penny for every twelve Weights so damped or marked before he delivers the same; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing t Seafoiu

WHEREAS the Fisheries carried on by his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and of the British' Prcimll:, Dominions in Europe have been found to be the belt Nurseries for able and experienced Seamen,

always ready to man the Royal Navy when Occasions require; and it is therefore of the highest national Importance to give all due Encouragement to the said Fisheries, and to endeavour to secure the annual Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed therein, to the Ports of Great Britain, and of his Majesty's Dominions before mentioned, at the End of every Fishing SeasonNow, in order to promote these great and important Purposes, and with a View, in the first place, to induce his Majesty's oubjefts to proceed early from the Ports of Great Britain to the Banks of Newfoundland, and thereby to 1 prosecute the Fishery on the said Banks to the greatest Advantage, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the respective Bounties herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed annually, for eleven Years, for a certain Number of Ships or Vessels employed in the British Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, under the Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say. Such Vessels shall appear by their Register to be British built, and owned by his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain

Q.q a or

299

J. Whiteharft im powered to take x d. for every twelve Weight* stamp* ed.

After Jan. T, 1776, Bountie* to be given to Vessels fitted oat from Great Britain or Ireland for the Newfoundland FiA-

300

qntlifiad at by Act so St ii Cul, 1IL

Certificate* to be produced to the Collector of Customs from the Governor of Newfoundland, of the Qualification of Ships, &c.

Matter* and Mate* to make Oath,

Certificate* and Oaths to be granted and administiered without Fee. Collector of Cutioms to pay the Bounties*

Any Part of

Newfoundland not in use may be used for curing and drying Fiiha

What Bounties are to be given to Ship* fitted out for the Whale Fishery.

Vatieis and Mates making Oath^ dec.

C. 31. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man 5 and be of the Burthen of fifty Tons or upwards* and navigated with not less than fifteen Men each. Three-fourths of whom, besides the Master, shall be his Majesty's Subjects; and in other Respects qualified, and subject to the same Rules and Restrictions, as.are described by an Act, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland); and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port in Great Britain after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and after that Day in each succeeding Year and mall proceed to the Banks of Newfoundland; and/ having catched a Cargo of Fish upon those Banks, confiding of not less than ten thousand FiQi.by Tale, shall land the same at ono of the Ports on the Southern or Eastern Side of the Island of Newfoundland, betweenRay and Cape de Grat, on or before the fifteenth Day of July in each Year and shall make one more Trip at lead to the said Banks, and return with another Cargo of Fish catched there to the same Port; in which Case, the twenty-five Vessels fird arriving at the said Island of Newfoundland from the Banks thereof, with a Cargo of Fish catched there, confiding of ten thousand Fish by Tale at the leafty and after landing the same at one of the Ports within the Limits before mentioned in Newfoundland, shall proceed again to the said Banks, and return to the said Island with another Cargo of Fish, shall be intitled to forty Pounds each; and one hundred Vessels which shall so arrive the next in Order of Time, on or before the said fifteenth Day of July in each Year, at the said Island, with a like Cargo, and shall proceed again to the said Banks, and return from thence in the Manner herein before mentioned, shall be intitled to twenty Pounds each; and one hundred other Vessels, which (halhfo arrive the next in Order of Time* on or before the said fifteenth Day of July in each Year, at the said Island, with a like Cargo, and shall proceed again to the said Banks, and return from thence in the Manner herein before mentioned, ftullbe intitled to ten Pounds.each, upon the Master or Owner of such Vessel's producing to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at the Port in Great Britain from whence such Vessel was cleared out, a Certificate* under the Hand and Seal of the Governor of Newfoundland, that the Master of such Vessel had produced* to him a Certificate under the Hands of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the rort front whence such Vessel was cleared out, testifying that such Vessel was duly qualified to proceed on such Fishery, in 'pursuance of the before-mentioned Act, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of King Wtl* Ham the Third; and that it has been made appear to his Satisfaction, by a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer of the District in Newfoundland where such Fiflx was landed, or, where there, is. no Naval Officer, under the Hand and Seal of the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships ftuiuned there, or of such Officer as the Governor (hah approve, specifying the Time of such VeflcPs Arrival, in Manner before directed, that such Vessel was intitled by the Priority and Time of her Arrival to one or other of the Bounties therein mentioned, as the Fa Cl may be; andthV: the Master and Mate of fuels Vessel had made Oath before such Naval or other Officer as aforesaid, that the Number of Fish taken bn* the first Trip amounted to ten thousand at lead by Tale, that he had made two Trips at lead, and that all the Fish on both Trips were catched on the Banks of Newfoundland; which Certificate and Oath the said Governor and Naval or other Officer as aforesaid are hereby impowered and required to grant and administer to the Master and Mate of such Vessel without Fee or Reward; and upon delivering up the said Certificate to such Collector? the respective Bounties therein mentioned shall be paid by such Colk&or out of any Money remaining in his Hands arising by the Duties of Customs or other Subsidtes upon foreign Goods imported into this Kingdom; and in caie such Collector shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the said Bounties, he shall certify the same to the Commissioners of, his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, who are hereby authorised and required to order the ume to be pai<L: by the Receivef General of the Custon\s, out of any Money in his Hands arising by any of the Duties and Revenues under their Management respectively,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Accommodation of the Perfo ns belonging to Vessels employed in the Newfoundland Fishery, it shall and maybe lawful for the Masters and Crews belonging to any Vessels fitted out and employed in that Fishery, in pursuance of this or any other Act, to occupy and.use, for the Purpose of curing, falling, drying, and husbandfog^heir Fish, any vacant or void Space whatever on any Part of Newfoundland which is not then(occupied and used for the said Fi£bery, without any Let, Disturbanc£, or Hindrance, from any Person or Persons whatsoever, although such unoccupied Places may not before have been reputed Ships Rooms; and all such unoccupied Places shall from henceforth be deemed and taken to be Ships Rooms, any Custom 01 Usago to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And in order to induce his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, to carry on the Whale Fishery on the Coast of Newfoundland, and the Seas adjacent,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Bounties hereafter mentioned shall be allowed annually, for eleven Years, for five Vessels employed in that Fishery, under the Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressed; that is to far. Such Vessels shall appear by their Register to be British built, and owned by his Majesty's Subjects refidifig in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, and navigated with Three-fourths of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain* Ireland, or the Hlands of Guernsey, jersey, or Man, besides the Master, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, ox Man, after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and after that Day in each succeeding Year and shall take and kill one Whale at lead in the Gubh of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coasts of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and shall return within the same Year to some Port in England with the Oil of such Whale or Whales so taken as aforesaid; and on the Master and Mate of such Vessel, and two of the Mariners belonging to her, making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of her Arrival (which Oath they are hereby authorised and required to auminister)* that such Oil is the Produce of one on.more Whale- or.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

G. 3n

3Pi

Whales taken and killed by the Oew then belonging to such Vfeflel, qjentioning the Time when (he departed from Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, and from what Port, and the Time and Place where such Whale or Whales was or were taken and killed, such Oil may be landed without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and the Collector and Comptroller of such Port mall thereupon forthwith transmit such Oath to the Commissionera of his Majesty's Customs at London, any four or more of whom are hereby authorised and required to order the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs to pay, out of any Money in his Hands arising by any Duties under their Management, for the Vessel which shall ?o arrive in each Year with the greatest Quantity of Oil taken as aforesaid, five hundred Pounds; for the VeflH which shall in like Manner arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of Oil so taken as aforesaid, four hundred Pounds; for the Vessel which shall in like Manner arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of Oil so taken as aforesaid, three hundred Pounds; for the Vessel which shall in like Manner arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of Oil so taken as aforesaid, two hundred Pounds; and for the Vessel which shall so arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of Oil so taken as aforesaid, one hundred Pounds; the said Oil so to be imported by each of the said Vessels being the Produce of one Whale at the least; which said several and respective Bounties shall be paid by such Receiver General, within two Months after the Expiration of each Year in which such Vessel shall arrive, to the Owner or Owners of such Vessels so intitled thereto, or their Assigns duly authorised to demand the same.

IV. And in order to obviate any Doubts that have arisen, or may arise, to whom the Privilege or Right of drying Fish on the Shores of Newfoundland does or shall belong, under the before mentioned Att, made in the tenth and eleventh* Years of the Reign of King William the Third, which Right or

Privilege has hitherto only been enjoyed by his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, and the other British Dominions in Europe? be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Right and Privilege shall not be held and enjoyed by any of his Majesty's Subjects arriving at Newfoundland from any other Country except from Great Britain, or one of the British Dominions in Burope.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Ireland to ship and lade there, and to transport directly from thence to Newfoundland, or to any Part of America where the Fishery is now or shall hereafter be carried on, on Board any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trade or fish there, any Provisions, and also any Hooks, Lines, Netting, or other Tools or Implements necessary for and used in the Fishery by the Crews of the Ships or Vessels carrying out the same, and the Craft belonging to and employed by such Ships or Vessels in the said Fishery, such Provisions, Hooks, Lines, Netting, or other Tools or Implements, being the Product and Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subject residing in the Isle of Man, in like Manner to export directly from thence any of the Articles herein before mentioned for the Purpose aforesaid, such Articles being the Product or Manu-fadiure of Great Britain, or the said Isle of Man, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall produce to the proper Officer of the Customs in the Colony or Plantation where he shall arrive, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs in the Port where he shall have fitted out, that Oath hath been made before him by the Shipper of such Provisions, Hooks, Lines, Netting, or other Tools and Implements, that the same are of the Ptodudl and Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isle of Man respectively, as the Fadl may be, and that the several Articles before mentioned (except the Provisions), specifying the Quantities and Particulars of each Sort, are to be used in the Fishery by the Crews of the respective Ship or Vessel carrying out the same, and by the Craft belonging to'and to be employed by such Ship or Vessel in the said Fishery, and for no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever (which Oath and Certificate such Collector or other Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer and grant without Fee or Reward); and on Failure of producing such Certificate, or if any such Hooks, Lines, Netting, Tools and Implements, are used or disposed of for any other Purpose, the same, and the Ship or Vessel having the same on Board, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited in the same Manner as they would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, all Vessels fitted and cleared out as Fishing Ships in pursuance of this Act, or of the before-mentioned Act, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, and which shall be actually employed in the Fishery there, or any Boat or Craft whatsoever employed in carrying Coastwise, to be landed or put on Board any Ships or Vessels, any Fish, Oil, Salt Provisions, or other Necessaries, for the Use and Purpose of that Fishery, shall not be liable to any Restraint or Regulation with respect to Days or Hours of working, nor to make any Entry at the Customhouse at Newfoundland, except a Report to be made by the Matter on his first Arrival there, and at his clearing out from thence; and that a Fee not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence shall and may be taken by the Officers of the Customs at Newfoundland for ea^h such Report; and that no other Fee shall be taken or demanded by any Officer of the Customs there, upon any other Pretence whatsoever relative to the said Fishery, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Fishing Ship or Vessel shall at her last clearing out from the said Island of Newfoundland have on Board, or export any Goods or Merchandise whatsoever, except Fish, or Oil made of Fish, such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods thereon laden, shall be subject and liable to the same Securities, Relliidtions, and Regulations, in all Respects, as they

Receiver General of his Majesty's Custom* to pay the Bounties.

Whit Per font are intitled to the Privilege of-drying Fish on the Banks of Newfoundland*

Provisions, and all Necessaries for fi firing, may be exported from Ireland and the Isle of Mfn to Newfoundland, being British or Irish Product or Manufacture,

Mastert of Vessels to produce Certificates from the Officer of Customs, that the Provisions, &c. are the Pro-du&, &c. of Great Britain or Ireland,

On Failure, Set, the Ship to be forfeited.

No Fiflung

Ships, or any Craft carrying Necessaries for the Fishery, to be liable to any Restraint as to Time of working, nor to make any Entry at the Customhouse^ ice.

If Ships ha*a on Board any other Go;x!* than Fish or Oil, &c they shall be under the usual Re-strictions, fee.

Act »5 Car. II.

»'l'wing Ttain Oil, &c to be imported Dutyfree, recited.

ar.d aft^r Sept, f,

1775, extended to atl Ships be* Jon ing to Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, ScCk

After Sept, t, 1775, undieHTed Sr*;*I Skins may A* imported Duty-free.

Not to extend to any Seal Skins except those imported by Ships qualified as aforesaid,

and duly entered at the Custom-Jioafe, &c.

Na Shipmaster to carry any FiAirmen, Sec, as Pafieoger* to any Part of the Continent of America without Permission, under the Penalty of aco 1.

R isolations for Persons employing Seamen or TWhermen st Newfoundland.

C. 31. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade), and by other Acts of Parliament, it is lawful for any Person or Persons to import into England Train 0:1 or Blubber of Greenland, and Parts adjacent, and those Seas, or of Newfound- land, or of any other his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, made of Fish, or of any other Creature living in the Seas, and Whale Fins caught in any Ships or Vessels truly and properly belonging to England ox IPales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and imported in such Ships, without paying any Cui- tom or Duty for the same, which Liberty, by a subsequent Act of Parliament, is extended to Ships be- longing to Great Britain; and it is reasonable that the same Indulgence should be extended to Oil and Blubber of Fish, and other Creatures living in the Sea, and to Whale Fins caught in any Part of the Ocean by Ships belonging to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the Liberty granted by the said Act to import into this Kingdom Oil or Blubber of Fish, or other Creatures living in the Sea, or Whale Fins taken within the Limits therein mentioned, Duty-free, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to such Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, as shall be so taken in any Part of the Ocean by, and imported in any Ship or Vessel truly and properly belonging to, his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, Inland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom any raw and undressed Seal Skins taken and caught by the Crews of Vessels belonging to and fitted out either from Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man respectively, and whereof the Captain or Master and Three-fourths af the lead of the Mariners are his Majesty's Subjects, or by Persons employed by the Matters or Owners of such Vessels, without paying any Custom, Subsidy, or other Duty, for the same, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Liberty of importing any such Seal Skins Duty-free, unless the Captain or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel importing the same shall make Oath before the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath), that all the Skins imported in such Ship or Vessel were really and bona fide the Skins of Seals taken and caught by the Crews thereof, or by Persons employed by the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, or of some other Ship or Vessel qualified as aforesaid j and such Seal Skins shall be also duly entered at the Customhouse for the said Port, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose; and on Failure of any of these Conditions, such Skins shall be liable to pay the same Duties as they would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XII. And whereas it has been a Practice of late Years for divers Persons to seduce the Fishermen, 4 Sailors, Artificers,* and others, employed in carrying on the Fishery, arriving at Newfoundland, on Board Fishing and other Vessels from Great Britain, and the British Dominions in Europe y^ to go from thence to the Continent of America, to the great Detriment of the Fishery and the Naval Force of this Kingdom :* Now, in order to remedy the said Evil, and to secure the Return of the said Fishermen, Sailors, Artificers, and others, employed as aforesaid, to the British Dominions in Europe, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, it shall not be lawful for the Master, or Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel trading to or from any Place within the Government of NewfGundlandy to carry or convey, as Passengers, any such Fishermen, Sailors, Artificers, and^ others, employed as aforesaid, from thence to any Part of the Continent of America, without the Permission under the Hand and Seal of the Governor of the said Island of Newfoundland, under the Penalty of forfeiting two hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XIII. And whereas in several Acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of William the Third, the eighth of George the First, and second and twelfth of George the Second, Provision has been made to prevent Seamen and Mariners in the Merchant Service being wilfully left beyond Sea, and to secure and provide for their Return home to such Part of his Majesty's Dominions where to they belong: And whereas, for want of such Provisions being extended to Seamen and Fishermen going out as Passengers to Newfoundland^ and hired and employed in the Fisheries carried on there, great Numbers of them remain in that Country at the End of every Fishing Season, who would otherwise return home, and some of them have frequently turned Robbers and Pirates j* for Remedy of which Evil, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, employ, or cause to be employed, at Newfoundland, for the Purpose of carrying on the Fishery there, any Seaman or Fisherman going as Passengers, or any Seaman or Fisherman hired there, without first entering into an Agreement or Contract in Writing with every such Seaman or Fisherman, declaring what Wages such Seaman or Fisherman is to have, and the Time for which he shall serve, which shall be signed by both Parties; wherein it shall be stipulated (amongst other Things) that the Person so hiring or employing shall be at Liberty to reserve, retain, and deduct, and he is hereby authorised, required, and directed, to reserve, retain, and deduct, out of the Wnges of every Person so hired or employed, a Sum of Money equal to the then current Price of a Man's Passage home, not exceeding forty Shillings for each Man, which Money such Hirer or Employer shall,

3°3

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31.

at the End of each Fishing Season, or at the Expiration of the covenacted Time of Service of such Seaman or Fisherman, pay, or cause to be paid, to the Mailer of a Passage or other Ship, who shall undertake or agree to carry such Seaman or Fimerman home to the Country where to be belongs, and shall also convey such Seaman or Fisherman to and on Board such Passage or other Ship, taking the Mailer's Receipt for the Passage Money, which Receipt he shall immediately thereupon deliver to such Seaman or Fisherman.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hirer Qr Employer of any such Seaman or Fisherman shall pay or advance, or cause to be paid or advanced, to such Seaman or Fisherman, in Money, Liquor, and Goods, or either of them, during the Time he shall be in his Service, more than one Half of the Wages which shall at any Time be due to him; but such Hirer or Employer shall, and is hereby requited and directed, immediately at or upon the Expiration of every such Man's covenacted Time of Service, to pay either in Money, or in good Bills of Exchange* payable either in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Country to which such Seaman or Fi&erman belongs, the full Balance of his Wages, except the Money herein before directed to be retained for his Passage home; and it shall not be lawful for any such Hirer or Employer to turn away or discharge any such Seaman or Fisherman, except for wilful Neglect of Duty, or other sufficient Cause, before the Expiration of his covenacted Time of Service; and in case the Hirer or Employer of any such Seaman or Fitherman shall refuse or neglect to comply with any of the Terms herein before mentioned, or shall otherwise offend against this Act, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, besides the Balance that shall be due to such Seaman or Fisherman, the Money herein before directed to be retained for his Passage home, the Sum of ten Pounds, to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Disputes shall arrfe concerning the Wages of any such Seaman or Fisherman, the Hirer or Employer shall be obliged to produce the Contract or Agreement in Writing, herein before directed to be entered into with every such Seaman or Fisherman.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Fish and Oil which shall be taken and made by the Person or Persons who shall hire or employ such Seaman or Fisherman, shall be fubied and liable, in the first place, to the Payment of the Wages of every such Seaman or Fisherman.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Seaman or Fisherman shall at any Time wilfully absent himself from his Duty or Employ, without the Leave and Consent of his Hirer or Employer, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to work according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Agreement, he shall, for every Day he shall so absent himself, or neglect or refuse to work as aforesaid* forfeit two Days Pay to such Hirer or Employer; and if any such Seaman or Fisherman shall wilfully absent himself from his said Duty or Employ for the Space of five Days, without such Leave as aforesaid, he shall be deemed a Deserter, and shall forfeit to such Hirer or Employer all such Wages as shall at the Time of such Desertion be due to him (except so much as is herein before directed to be reserved and retained for the Purpose of paying his Passage home); and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of Newfoundland, or his Surrogates, or the Commissary of the Vice Admiralty Court for the Time being, or for any Justice of the Peace in Newfoundland, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend every such Deserter, and on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses to commit him to Prison, there to remain until the next Court of Session which shall be holden in pursuance of the Commission of the said Governor for the Time being; and, if found guilty of the said Offence at such Session, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Session to order such Deserter to be publickly whipped as a Vagrant, and afterwards to be put on Board a Passage Ship, in order to his being conveyed back to the Country where to be belongs.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Disputes which shall arise concerning the Wages of every or any such Seaman or Fisherman, and all Offences which shall be committed by every Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisherman* against this Act, shall and may be inquired into, heard, and determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Session herein before mentioned, or in the Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the said Island of Newfoundland.

XIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, it is, amongst other Things, eqadted, That no Mariner or other Person who shall serve on Board, or be retained to serve on Board, any Privateer, or Trading Ship or Vessel, that shall be employed in any Part of America, nor any Mariner or other Person being on Shore in any Part thereof, shall be liable to be impressed or taken away by any Officer or Officers of or belonging to any of her Majesty's Ships of War, impowered by the Lord High Admiral, or any other Person whatsoever, unless such Mariner shall have before de-Merced from such Ship of War; And whereas the said Privilege or Exemption so given by the said Act 4' to Mariners Serving on Board Ships or Vessels employed in any of the Seas or Ports of the Continent of

America, or redding on Shore there, is prejudicial to the Fisheries carried on by his Majesty's Subj?dls c of Great Britain and Ireland, and others his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, and has proved an Kncou- rage men t to Mariners belonging thereto to desert in, Time of War, or at the Appearance of a War, to the British Plantations on the said Continent of America \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Claofe, so far as it relates to the exempting of Mariners or other Persons serving, or retained to serve, in any Ship or Vessel in the Seas or Ports of the Continent of America, or other Persons on Shore there, from being impressed, be and the same is hereby jrepealed.

XX. And whereas the immoderate Ule of Rum and other Spirits, imported into Newfoundland from *1 his Majesty's Colonies and Plaqtatiops in America, has been found.to \>£ highly detrir/ienul to ihe.Ftfii-

<. # cncs

Employers so pay to Fishtr-men, &c only Half of their Wages, and the other Half in Bills, &c. at their Return home.

Penalty on Employers neglect- i to comply.

If any Dispute arise, Employers obliged to produce the Contract.

All Fish and Oil liabletothe Payment of Wages.

Penalty on Seamen or Ftiher-men abfei ting themselves fi*na their Impose a without Leave.

Disputes, ani all Offence*, to be determined by the Court of cession, &c. a: Newfoundland.

Afl 6 A nrre*

spefting Si 1.atS trrp ovtj in

Trading Shirs, &c. in Amiri-a not liable to *«c

impelled, ic* pejlci.

.304 c. 3*'

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

J-Rum, &c. imported into Newfoundland from America, to p»jr a Duty of 1 s. per Gallon.

How such Doty is to be collected, recovered, and applied.

After Dee. .*775, Bountiea granted \ y Act 11 Geo. III. expended tolveland.

‘Officer* ^certify that Ships are properly fitted out, before they proceed on their V oyage.

Commissioner* of the Revenues in Ireland, on deceiving such Certificates, to grant Licence,

*c i What Number of Men, Lines, Boats, ice. Ships of certain Di-snenfions shall bare on Board.

cries carried on there, and it is therefore proper to endeavour to diminish the Consumption thereof yf be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be paid in to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be brought or imported into the Island of Newfoundland from any British Colony or Plantation on tho Continent of America, the Sum of one Shilling Sterling Money of Great Britain; and the same shall be collected, recovered and paid, to the Amount of the Value of which such nominal Sum bears in Great Britain, and may be received and taken according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and Sixpence the Ounce in Silver 5 and the said Duty hereby granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and Form, *md by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties; and Forfeitures, except in such Cases where any Alteration is made by this Act, as any other Duties payable to his Majesty upon Goods imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act 5 and that all the Monies that shall arise by the said Duty (except the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same), shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and applied and appropriated to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties arising by that Part of the Customs, commonly called The Old Subsidy, payable in Great Britain, are applied and appropriated.

XXI. And whereas the Bounties given by an Act of Parliament, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fisheries) have been found of great Advantage to the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom; and it is just and expedient that the like Bounties which are granted by that Act to Ships fitted out from Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, for those Fisheries, should in like Manner be granted to Ships fitted out for that Purpose from the Kingdom of Ireland J be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the respective Bounties herein after mentioned shall be allowed for every Ship or Vessel British built, and owned by his Majesty's Subjects of Ireland, and whereof the Captain or Matter and at least One-third of the Manners are his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain ox Ireland^ which shall proceed from any Port in the said Kingdom of Ireland within the Tiftne limited by this Act on the Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Sireights, and the adjacent Seas, under the several Rules and Restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say. Every such Ship or Vessel, before (he proceeds on such Voyage, shall be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who shall examine into such Ship or Vessel, and take an Account of the Tonnage thereof by Admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their Visitation, Examination, and Admeasurement, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland\ and if it appears by the Certificate of such Officer or Officers that (he hath on Board such a Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fishing Lines, and Instruments to be used in such Fishery as herein after are mentioned; that (he is strongly built, and otherwise a proper Ship for such Voyage and Fishery, and hath on Board among her Crew a sufficient Number of Harpooners, Steersmen, and Line-managers, who have been before employed in such Voyages (the Names of such Persons to be contained in such Certificate) 5 and if it further appears by the Oath of one or more Owner or Owners, and of the Matter or Chief Officer of such Ship, written at the Foot of such Certificate, and made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same), that it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that such Ship shall, as soon as Licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, on a Voyage to the Greenland Seas, or Davis91 Streights, or the Seas adjacent, and there in the then approaching Season to use the utmost Endeavours of themselves and their Ship's Company to take Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of Profit in such Voyage, and to import the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber thereof, into the Kingdom of Great Britain (naming the Port to which it is their Intention to return); and if the Matter, after such Certificate had, and Oath made, do also become bound, with two sufficient Securities, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of such Sum as shall be equal to treble the Bounty intended by this Act (which Bond the said Collector, with the Approbation of the Comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in Force for the Term of three Years against the Master and Sureties for the faithful Dealings of the said Master and Ship's Company in regard to the said Ship and Voyage); then, and in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any three or more of the said Commissioners of the Revenues in Ireland for the Time being, on receiving such Certificates and Oaths made, and it being certified to them by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, that sufficient Security hath been given as aforesaid, tbgive and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the Master and Owners of such Ship, full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage as aforesaid.

XXII. And to prevent any Disputes/that may arise whether a Ship be properly qualified and duly fitted out for the Whale Fishery, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and intitled to a Certificate thereof from the Custom-house Officers,' it is hereby enacted, That every Ship of the Burthen of two hundred Tons, designed for this Fishery, shall and is hereby obliged to have on Board forty Fishing Lines of one hundred and twenty Fathom each, forty Harpoon Irons, four Boats with seven Men, including a Harpooner, a Steersman, and a Line-manager, to each Boat, making in the Whole twenty-eight Men besides the Master and Surgeon, with six Months Provision at the least for such Number of Men $ and every Ship of larger Burthen an Increase of fix Men, one Boat, ten such Lines and ten Harpoon Irons more, for every nfty Tons above the said two hundred Tons, together with Provisions in

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31. 305

proportion; and every Ship which shall be so employed in the said Fishery shall have on Board an Apprentice, indentured for the Space of three Years at the leatt, for every fifty Tons Burthen, who shall be accounted as one of the Number of Men required to be on Board such Ship as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Return of such Ship to the Port to which the Matter and Mate declared on Oath their Intention to return, the proper Officers of the Customs at such Port shall immediately repair on Board, and view the Condition of such Ship and her Lading, and certify the same, together with their Observations thereon, as also of the real Tonnage of the said Ship} and the said Officers are also totake an Account or Schedule of the Names of the Matter, Mate, and other Persons on Board, distinguishing therein the Harpooners and Persons more immediately employed in the said Fishery, and to certify the same; and the Matter and Mate shall make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same), on the Back of, or annexed to the Licence granted as aforesaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they did in pursuance thereof, mentioning the Day of their Departure, proceed on a Voyage directly to the Places aforesaid, and have not since been on any othfcr Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit; and that they did there (mentioning the Time of their Stay in those Seas) use the utmost Endeavour of themselves and their Ship's Company to Take Whales, and other Creatures living in those Seas; and that all the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, imported (if any) in such Ship, was really and bona fide caught and taken inlhe said Seas by the Crew of such Ship only, or with the Attiftance of the Crew of some other Ship duly licensed for that Voyage, pursuant to the Dire<flions of this Aitt; all which Schedule, Certificate, Licence, and Oath, shall be transmitted by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port to the respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain where such Ships shall arrive; and such Commissioners being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Matter and other Persons employed in such Ships with respect to such Voyage and Fishery, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Matter or Owners, or to his or their Assigns, by the Receiver General of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain where such Ship shall arrive, the Bounty or Premium following, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship, duly certified as aforesaid; (that is to say,) For every such Ship as mail proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, to the twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Sum of forty Shillings per Ton; and for every such Ship as shall proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the Sum of thirty Shillings per Ton; and for every such Ship as shall proceed on the said Fishery, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Sum of twenty Shillings per Ton.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons -shall be allowed or intitled to receive the Bounty herein before granted, for any Ship which shall proceed on t-he said Whale Fishery after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, unless such Ship shall fail from the Port where (he shall be surveyed, and cleared direct, on her intended Fishery, on or before the tenth Day of April in each and every Year and shall continue with her Crew in the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, or the adjacent Seas, diligently endeavouring to catch Whales, or other Creatures living in those Seas, and shall not depart from thence before the tenth Day of August then following, unless such Ship shall be laden with the Blubber and Fins of one Whale, caught by the Crew thereof, or with the Attiftance of the Crew of some other licensed Ship, before that Time, or shall be forced by some unavoidable Accident or Necessity to depart sooner from those Seas; which Accident or Necessity shall be verified on the Oaths of the Matter and Mate belonging to such Ship, upon her Return from the said Fishery, before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where (lie shall arrive, who shall transmit the same, together with the Schedule; Licence, and other Documents by this Act required, to the respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain where (he shall arrive.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to order the respective Receivers General of the Customs, in case the Monies remaining in their Hands arising from the Old Subsidy shall not be sufficient at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, to satisfy the said Bounty of forty Shillings per Ton, and thirty Shillings per Ton, and twenty Shillings Ton, during the several Periods herein before limited, payable on all Ships employed in the said Fishery, according to the Directions of this present Act, to pay the same out of any Money that shall be in their Hands arising from any of the Duties and Revenues under their Management respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his M.ijeft y's Customs in England and Scotland respectively dial I, at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account in Writing, under their Hands, of what Number of Ships employed in the Whale Fishery to Davids Streights and the Greenland Seas, in pursuance of this Act, with their respective Names and Burthens, have returned to Great Britain, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil, Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship Cull have imported, and from what Port in Ireland or the Ific of Man they were fitted out.

XXVII. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that Ships under the Burthen of two hundred Tons are fit for the said Fishery be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships under the Burthen of two hundred Tons, which shall be employed in the said Fishery, who have conformed themselves in all Respects to the Rules and Directions herein before prescribed to the Owners of Ships of two hundred Tons, shall be intitled to the said Bonn y, as herein before limited, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respefMvHy.

On Return of

Shipr, proper Officers to go on Board and inspect the Cargo, &c. and take an Account of the N?mes of the Makers, H*r-pooners, &c.

Commissioner?

being satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Master, &c. to pay the Bounties as diiefted, according to the Admeasurement of the Ships.

Certain Provisoes re I pe

Ships before any Person be intitled to the Bounty.

If Monies «-

rising from the Old Sulf;dy be not fufikimt to pay B' un?i '«, any o her Revenue Money may be taken.

Commissioners, a' :h? fW. r.n rg of evry Session of Parliament, to lay before them »n/.ccount of the Ships ern-plncd in the Whale Finery, &c.

Ship* under 200 Tots intitled to a Bounty pre-prrionable to their Admeasurement,

---

306 C. 31. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

[Ships above 400 Tons not intitled to a larger Bounty than a 400 Ton Ship;]

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship to be employed in the said Fishery, although she be above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, shall be intitled to a larger Bounty than a Ship of four hundred Tons would be intitled to.

[and Owners not obliged to equip, &c. rmore than a Ship of 400 Tons.]

---

No Apprentice, when indentured, to exceed 18, nor be under 14 Years) and no Bounty to be paid unless Ships employed belong to Tome of his Majesty's Subjects where fitted out.

Bounties may be infused.

Persons giving false Certificates, &c. to forfeit 5001.

Forfeitures how to be applied*

Forfeitures incurred in Newfoundland to be feed for in the Vice Admiralty Court in said Island.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the proper Admiralty Court in Britain.

Duties on Goods exported or imported, to be under the Direction of the Commissioneu of Customs, Ac,

Deputations

granted by :he Commissioners for Nonh America j before Jan. 1, J776, to any Officers for Newfoundland, to be in Force.

Persons sued for j Thing done 11 Ju-incc of

XXIX. Provided also, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige the Owner or Owners of any Ship above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, in order to intitle him or them to the said Bounty, to fit out, equip, and man any such Ship, otherwise than as 2, Ship of the Burthen of four hundred Tons only is, by this present Act, required to be fitted out, equipped* and manned.

XXX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Appren-tice indentured after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nve, to serve on Board any Ship or Vessel proceeding on the Fisheries, in pursuance of this or any other Act of Parliament now in Force, granting any Bounty or Bounties thereon, shall not exceed the Age of eighteen Years, nor be under fourteen, at the Time he shall be so indentured; and that no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Ship or Vessel so employed, either by virtue of this or any former Act of Parliament, unless the whole and entire Property of such Ship or Vessel shall belong to some of his Majesty's Subjects residing in that Part of his Majesty's Dominions from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be respectively fitted and cleared out, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And, to prevent any Application to Parliament for the Bounty on any Ship employed in either of the Fisheries before mentioned, which may happen to be loft at Sea before their Return to Great Britain3* be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship, employed, or designed to be employed, in the said Fimeries, or either of them, to insure the Bounty which such Owner or Owners would have been intitled to upon the Return of such Ship to Great Britain, on the Performance of all other Matters directed and appointed by this present Act to be performed for obtaining the said Bounties.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall give or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office whatsoever) and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited* erased, altered, or falsified* such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every such Certificate shall be invalid, and of no Effect.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act (except in such Cases where other Directions are given by this Act) shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as. shall sue or prosecute for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court of Admiralty having Jurisdiction in his Majesty's Colonies or Islands respectively where the Offence shall be committed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, which shall be incurred in the said Island of Newfoundland^ shall be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the Court of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in the said Island, and in no other; and if any Person or Persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment, Sentence, or Determination of any Court of Vice Admiralty, or other Court having Jurisdiction in Newfoundland\ upon any Suit or Prosecution commenced there for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America* it shall and may be lawful for such Party to appeal from such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, in the first Instance, to the proper Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or to his Majesty in Council; and that no Appeal shall in such Case lie or be brought in any other Court or Jurisdiction whatsoever, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Customs and other Duties which now are or hereafter may be due and payable upon any Goods or Merchandises brought or imported into, or exported or carried from, the Island of Newfoundland, by virtue of this or any Act or Acts of Parliament, and the Officers of his Majesty's Customs appointed for executing and carrying into Execution the several Laws relating to the Trade and Revenue there, shall be under the Management and Direction or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, under the Authority and Direction of the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, any Law, Patent, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deputations and other Authorities granted by the Commissioners of the Customs for North America, before rbe said first- Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to any Officer or Officers acting-in and for the said Island of Newfoundland, shall continue in Force, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had nQt been made, until the Deputations or other Authorities so granted to such Officer or Officers respectively shall be revoked, annulled* or made void by the High Treasurer of Great Britain or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being;

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act of Parliament, the Defendant or Defendants in such Actioa or Su* may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32, 33. 307

the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance *« Act, mjy of and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for P ,hc Gcac* the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the ra uc* Defendant or Defendants have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy ??d"ver *? for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law* c 0 s*

---

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act against the erecting and maintaining of Cottages).

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth,

[Act 31 Eliz. against erecting of Cottages,]

intituled, An Act against the erecting and maintaining of Cottages: And whereas the said Act has laid the industrious Poor under great Difficulties to procure Habitations, tends very much to lessen Population, and in divers other Respects has been found inconvenient to the labouring Part of the Nation in general;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[is by this Act repealed.]

That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for settling Buckingham House, with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty, in lieu of his Majesty's Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and establishing Publick Offices in Somerset House, and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames lying within the Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[Act 2 Geo. III. recited.]

---

intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case Jhe shall survive his Majesty; and by certain Letters Patent or Indenture under the Great Seal of Great Britain, granted and executed in pursuance thereof, bearing Date the second Day of fuYit?,

in the second Year of his Majesty's Reign, all that his Majesty's Palace or Capital Messuage, called* c Denmark House> otherwise Somerset House otherwise Strand house, with all its Rights, Members, and

Appurtenances whatsoever, were, among other Things, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty,

in case (he should survive his Majesty, limited to the Use of his Majesty during his Life, and after the

Decease of his Majesty, in case her Majesty should him survive, then to the Use of certain Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, during the Life of her Majesty, upon Trust, to permit her Majesty to hold and enjoy the same during her Majesty's Life, and from and after the Decease of her Majesty, to the Use of the same Trustees for and during the Term of one Year from and immediately after her Majesty's Decease, upon Trust, for the sole Benefit and Behoof of her Majesty's Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, during the same Term, with Remainder to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas his Majesty, since his Accession to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, hath purchased, with his own proper Money, a Capital Messuage, heretofore commonly called or known by the Name of Buckingham House, and also certain Lands and Tenements thereunto belonging or adjoining, and hath also added to the same Parr of the Ground commonly called or known by the Name of The Green Park,

which is now used and enjoyed as Part of the Garden of the said Capital Messuage called Buckingham House: And whereas the said House heretofore called Buckingham Housey with its Appurtenances, in which his Majesty now resides, would, in respect of its Situation, as well as in every other Respect,

afford a much more suitable and commodious Place of Residence for the Queen, in case (he shall survive

his Majesty, than Somerset House, and his Majesty is most graciously pleased and desirous that the said Capital Messuage, called Buckingham House% and other the Premises which are now laid to and enjoyed therewith, shall be vested in or settled in Trust for ,her Majesty, her Executors and Administrators, for the like Estates and Interests which her Majesty, her Executors and Administrators, can or may have or claim in and to Somerset House aforesaid, by virtue of the said recited Act, and Letters Patent or Inden- sure, or either of them, and her Majesty is also willing and desirous to accept the same in lieu thereof:

4 And whereas the said Palace of Somerset House may, with great publick Advantage, be converted into Houses and Apartments for holding and transacting the Business of the several Publick Offices herein after mentioned, for which Purpose his Majesty is graciously pleased to consent that the same shall be appropriated accordingly be it therefore enacted, ordained, and established, by the King's most Excel- AH Letter* Pi. lent Majesty, by and with the Advicfe and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- tent, &c. where-moos, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Somerset Act, and all Letters Patent, and all and every Indenture and Indentures under the Great Seal of Great to^M^cfly, Britain made in pursuance thereof, and all Gifts, Grants, Settlements, and Assurances, whereby the said by this Act jcI Palace or Capital Messuage, commonly called Somerset House9 and all or any of its Rights, Members, and

praied.

308

Buckingham H use, with certain Lands adjacent, vested in Trustees, to the Use of hia Wa-jett), &c.

nd the said Hnnfe to be call ed The Queen*s Royal Palace*

ico, cool, granted to his Majesty for the Considerations exptcft'.d in this Art.

Lords Commissioners, &c. impowered to treat or contiart for the Purchase of wty Messuages, &c.

and to pay the Purchase money to the Owners, &c.

C. 33. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Appurtenances, are given, granted, or vested for or in Trust for her Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed, annulled, and made void, with respect to the said Premises only, and in no other respect whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all that his Majesty's House, commonly called or known by the Name of Buckingham House, late in the Tenure or Occupation of Sir Charles Sheffield, Baronet, his Assigns or Under-tenants, with all its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all and singular Messuages, Tenements, Houses, Outhouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Edifices, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the same and other the Premise9, or any of th^m, belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, used, or enjoyed, as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, and ill that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Ground or Park, formerly called or known by the Name of Goring Great Garden, and afterwards called or known by the Name of Buckingham Park, or by whatsoever Name or Nam s the same hath lately or is now called or known, and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Ground abutting or adjoining to the said Premises, or any of them, late in the several Tenures or Occupations of Alexander Gardner, Helen Rumlold, William St orach, George Elkins, or any of them, all which said Premises, as well Freehold as Leasehold, were heretofore situate, lying and being in the Parish of Saint Ala*tin in the Fields, but now are situate, lying and being in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and also all such other Messuages, Closes, Wood-grounds, Walks, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, which now are used with the said rremifes, or any Part of them, together with all Rights, Privileges, Exemptions, Ways, Paths, Passages, Easements, and free Liberty of lngress and Egress, held, used, and enjoyed therewith by his Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Suffolk and Berkshire, the Right Honourable William Henry Earl of Rochford, the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, his Majesty's three Princ pA Secretaries of State, and the Right Honourable Frederick North commonly called Lord North, First Lord Commissioner of his Majesty's Treasury, and Chancellor and Under-treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, an 1 their Heirs, to the Use of his Majesty during his Life, and after the Decease of his Majesty, in case her Majesty shall him survive, then to the Use of her Majesty and her Assigns, during the Term of fv Majesty's natural Life, and from and after the Decease of her Majesty, to the Use, Intent, and Purpose, that the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of her Majesty shall and may have, hold, and enjoy the said Palace, or Capital Messuage called Buckingham House, with the Appurtenances, for and during the Term of one whole Year, to commence and take Effe# from and immediately sifter the Decease of her Majesty, and from and immediately after the End and Determination of the said Term of one Year, then to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, notwithstanding any Re-flraint or other Matter or Thing contained in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Househ old, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; and the said Capital Messuage, heretofore called Buckingham House, shall be accepted in Law, deemed, reputed, and called, The Queen s Royal Palace.

III. And whereas his Majesty hath laid out and expended a considerable Sum of Money in the Pur- 4 chase and Improvement of the said Capital Messuage, heretofore called Buckingham House, and other the

Premises thereunto belonging, in confederation whereof, as also for and in consideration of his Majesty's 4, consenting to convert and consign the said Palace or Capital Messuage, called Somerset House, for the

Uses herein after mentioned/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Revenues arisen or to arise within the Receipt and Government of all or any of the several Officers of the Revenue, whose Offices are ere#rd and established, or are to be ere#ed and established by virtue of this Act, there shall and may be paid, issued, and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, at such Time and Times, and in such Proportions respectively, as the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three of them, or his Majesty's Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall dire#, limit, or appoint, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose to such Person and Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual in that Behalf, authorise and impower to receive the same, to and for the Use of his Majesty.

IV. And whereas it may be found necessary to the laving out the several Offices to be established in his Majesty's said Palace and Capital Messuage called Somerset House, and rendering the same conve- nient and complete, that several Pieces of Ground in and adjacent to the Scite of the said Palace or 4, Capital Messuage should be set out and allotted for those Purposes, and that likewise some Buildings, should be pulled down and removed, and other Buildings added thereto ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to treat, contract, and agree, for the absolute Purchase, Sale, Release, or Surrender, of any Estate or Interest in any Meffuapes, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, with the Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, of such respective Estate and Estates, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or upon such other Terms or Conditions as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being shall think fitting; and that upon the executing such Contracts or Agreements, by or on the Behalf of such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, or upon executing such Conveyances, Assignments, Releases, or Surrenders, as on such Contract or Contracts shall be agreed on for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, or to and for the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are and is hereby impowered to order and dire# the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, from Time to Time, as shall be so contracted and agreed on for such Purchase or Purchases, to such Person or Persons as, according to the Terms of such Contracts or Agreements shall be intitled to have and receive the same*

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto - Georgii III. c. 33. 309

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately aft£r such Pay- After payment^ ment of the Purchase money to the Person or Persons so intitJed to receive the same, as aforesaid, or if no ,he P£Cch^ Agreement shall be made, on making such Satisfaction as heFein-after is mentioned, the several Messuages, J^vetaT'Mcf- >C Lands, Tenements, and Hei editaments, in such Contracts, Agreements, and Conveyances, mentioned fuagesj &c. vdt. and comprised, or intended so to be, together with all Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever edinbis Majesty. to the same, or any Part thereof belonging, and usually held and enjoyed therewith, shall be, and the

feme are hereby declared to be, from Time to Time unalienably veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate Bodies Politick, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Commit- hc' '^wTth^hc tees for Lunaticks and luiuta, Executors, Administruuns, and Guardians whatsoever, not only for and on commissioners. Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts,

whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be (eifed in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person ftnd Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act, to sell and convey all or any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, and Intereils, ox* any Part thereof, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate, Trustees, and other Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate, Trustees, and other Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn,

Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate, Trustees, and other Persons so conveying as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake in Matter of Form whatsoever:

[If any Person

And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons, seised or possessed or interested in any such Bo lie* Politick* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or will not agree for ^Jtrefafcl# the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates, Terms, or Interests therein, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot or do not agree, or there shall be no Person or Persons in being who, as Trustee or otherwise under the Powers of this Act, can agree with the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or with any Person or Persons by him or them in this>Behalf authorised and appointed, or shall not produce or evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Term or Interest they claim, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, t)r Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or of the Person or Persons by them so authorised or appointed; then, and in every such Case, in order to settle and ascertain the Value of such Estate or Estates, Kotlcc to be and of any present Interests or Interest, Term or Terms of Years, or other Right or Property of such given, that the Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Person or Persons, to be appointed for Prc*

that Purpose by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual, and such Person or Persons is or are hereby authorised, thirty Days at the lead before any General Quarter Sessions of the '

Peace to be held for the City and Liberty of Irefltminster, to give, or cause to be given, to such respective Owner or Owners, or to be left at their last Places of Abode respectively, a Notice in Writing, describing the said Premises, and purporting that the Price or Consideration of the said Premises will be

adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions; and the Justices, at their said Sessions, upon Proof to Justices, on Proof

them made of such Notice or Notices given, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, out of of Notice given,

the Persons summoned, impannelled, and returned to serve on the Jury at the said Sessions to cause a to rutmnoa 1

Jury of twelve Persons to be drawn by some Persons to be by the same Court appointed, in such Manner Jur*

as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster^ by an Act made in the

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are

directed to be drawn; and all Parties concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen maybe

Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorised challenged, bat

and impowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to call before

them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper or necessary to be exa- be examined.

mined as Witnesses before them on their Oath or Oaths concerning the Premises; and the said Justices,

if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Party, to attend until all such Affairs for which such Jury was impannelled shall be concluded;

and the said Jury, upon their Oath (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer), shall

JurT. otitbeif

inquire of the Value of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the Value of the the Valucof

respective Estate and Interest of every Person seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in every Person's

any Part thereof, and shall adds and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons Estate,

for the Purchase of such their Estates, Terms, and Interests; and the said Justices shall give Judgment and Justices to

for such Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed, which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment give Judgment

thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all and every Person or thereon, which

Persons whomsoever. AuUbefiwl.

310

After Payment of Money so awarded, every Person to make legal Convey* ancea to the Commissionert of thoTrcafary, Ac,

In case Perfotu cannot evince clear Title* to the Premise», &c. the Money af* sessed to be paid into the Bank*

After such Ver* di£t, and Payment into the Bank, Lands, &c. vested in the Commissionen*

If Femes covert be seised in Fee* simple, the Purchase money to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Lands.

Purchasa-money for Lands, &t. unacrLin.itnion to be paid into the Bank,

c. 33.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the Purchase of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate, Terra, or Interest therein, shall make and execute, or cause and procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, in the Law, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as he or they shall order, direct, or appoint, of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of such Estate, Term, or Interest, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Adb, Matters, and Things necessary and re-quisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him or them, as aforesaid; and such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, shall contain all reasonable and usual Covenants, as on the Part of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or of the Person or Persons to be appointed by him or them, as aforesaid, shall be rea-fonably required: And in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their Title to the Premises, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, or such Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, to whom the same shall have been awarded, shall be refused 5 or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum and Sums of Money shall be so awarded, cannot be found within the Liberty of minster aforesaid; or in case, by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for any other Cause, it shall not appear what Person or Persons is or *re inti tied to the Premises in question: then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any General Quarter Sessions to be held for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, to order the said Sum and Sums to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as and for the Value of and Purchase money for the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of so many of them as shall be then in effey describing them, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sura by Motion or Petition, shall be and is Hereby impowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the Distribution of, according to the respective Estates or Estate, Tide or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, of, in, or to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made appear to and to be declared by the said Court, and according to the Value thereof assessed as aforesaid, and to make such other Order in the said Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after such Verdict, Judgment, and Order of the said Court of Sessions, and Payment into the Bank, as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Term, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons for whose Use such Money shall be paid in, to, and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall be transferred to and vested in the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and he and they shall be and be deemed in Law to be thenceforth in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person, having any Estate in the Premises, had actualljr conveyed the same to them by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, Assignment, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever 5 and such Payment shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion or Remainder, as effectually as a Fine or Recovery, or either of them, would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law; and the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Premises shall by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall be ouieted in the Seisin and Possession of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the said Money any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Feme-covert is or shall be seised in ree-simple, or in Tail General or Special, or for Life, or for any lesser Interest of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, to her separate Use, free from the Controul or intermeddling of her Husband, the Purchase money arising from the Sale of such Estate, Term, or Interest, of such Feme-covert, on the Conveyance of such Estate, Term, or Interest, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as (he shall by Writing under her Hand nominate to receive the f2me, in Trust, to be reinvested in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for such Uses, Estate, and Interest, as the said Feme-covert had in the Premises so purchased as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes contained in this Act, shall be so settled, or (land limited by way of legal Limitation, as that the Person or Persons in Possession thereof shall not be intitled to an Estate of Inheritance therein, although the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, be not vested in any Trustee or Trustees, then the Purchase money arising from the Sale of such Estate shall be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C.

311

cf Chancery, upon Trust, to be reinvested, by and with the Approbation of the said Court of Chancery, to be signified by an Order or Orders, upon Motion in open Court, or Petition after such Reference (if any) as to the same Court shall seem meet, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, T^rvfjnenrs, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts,-Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the Time of purchasing the same, or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be exilting and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase can be found, in Trust, by and with the like Approbation, so signitied as aforesaid, to be inverted in Government Securities, and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to be paid and applied to such Person and Persons as would be intitled to the Rents and Profits of the Premises, in case the same had not been verted in the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or any Person to be appointed as aforesaid; and upon Payment of such Purchase money by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to such Person or Persons so as aforesaid nominated to re* ceive the same, the Premises for which the same shall be so paid shall be and are hereby verted in the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money arising from the Sale of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes contained in this Act, of any Body Politick* Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, being.Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, shall be paid to them respectively, or to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed then afterwards to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased from-them respectively as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, and assured, at the Time of such the purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be exilting and capable of taking effect 3 and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase can be found, in Trust, to be inverted in Government Securities, and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to be paid and applied to such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate, Trustees, and other Person and Persons as would be intitled to the Rents and Profits of the rremifes# in case the same had not been vested in the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, by virtue of this Act.

XII. And whereas a further carrying on of the Embankment already made in divers Places on the North Shore of the River Thames, between Westminster Bridge and the New Bridge at Blackfriars, by extending such Embankments from the South-east Corner of Kitchiner's Wharf in one uniform Line to Strand Lana

Stairs, lying within his Majesty's Manor of the Savoy, would contribute to the Improvement of the Navigation of the Thames, and to the Advantage as well as Ornament of the Offices hereafter to be efta*

blished, and of his Majesty's Precinct of the Savoy f be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful ta and for any one or more Person or Persons, to be appointed for that Purpose by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign Manual, and such Person and Persons is and are hereby authorised to inclose and embank, or cause to be inclosed and embanked, so much of the Ground and Soil of the said River as lies unembanked on the North Side thereof, from the South-east Corner of Kitdiner's Wharf, and projecting from thence thirty Feet into the River, and so continued in a uniform Line, so as to give a proper Direction to the Stream, and extending from thence Eastward to Strand Lane Stairs; the Foundation of the said Front Wall, to be made with such Set-off towards the said River, and the said Wall to be guarded with such Piles and other Defences, as shall be thought requisite and expedient for securing the Stability or Duration thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ground and Soil of the said River, so to be inclosed and embanked in the Front of the said Palace or Capital Messuage of Somerset House, and Garden thereunto belonging, shall vert, and the same are hereby vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned j and all the Rest and Residue of the Ground and Soil of the said River, to ^e inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, shall vert in, and the same is hereby vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of and as Parcel and Member of his Du ten y of Lancaster.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners* Proprietor or Proprietors, for the Time being, of the respective Houses, Wharfs, and Grounds, situate between the Adeli>li Terras and the Weft Corner of the Buildings called The Savoyf to make such Embankments, and erect such Houses and other Building*, on the said Grounds, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, authorise and direct, any Thing herein, or in an Act, intituled, An Act for enabling certain Persons to inclose and embank Part of the River Thames, adjoining to Durham-yard, Salisbury-street* Cecil-street and Beaufort-buildings, in the County of Middlesex, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it is but just and reasonable, that any Bodies Politick or Corporate, and all other Person and Persons who claim any Right to the Soil of the River Thames, so intended to be inclosed as c aforesaid, should be at Liberty to try such Right at Law be it therefore enacted, That ft shall and may be lawful to and for every such Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, to proceed to Trial of such Claim or Right before the Chief Justice, or any other of the Judges of the Court of King's Bench or Court of Common Pleas respectively, at the Sittings of Nisi Prius in the.faiu County of Middlesex, in or after Michaelmas Term now next ensuing, in a feigned Action for

a» that:

and appprd 'O purr^afe Lnnds subjrcl 'o the like U'esasthufe purchased by the Commission trs j

and till such Purchase can be m.»de, to be in* veiled in Government Seen* rides, Ac,

How-hfoney attiring by the Sale of Lands belonging to Bodies Corporate, &c. is to be applied*

Persons appoint* ed by his Majesty may embank the River, from KitchinerV Wharf, project-rng 30 Feet to Strand Lane Stairs.

Embankment veiled in hir. Majesty, ScU

Owners of Wharfs may e»-bank within certain Limits specified at his Ma* jolly's Commissioners shall di— rest.

Persons claiming Right in the Soil of the Riser' may try their Right of Claifl* at Law*

3ia

If Part'ei differ, the issue to be tried by a Jury.

"Ceurt, upon the VerJift of the Jury, to give Judgment, which shall be final.

After parting this Act, Somerset House, with all its Appurtenances, &c. verted iahii JVla-jesty*

for the Purpose »of erecting pub* dick Ortices,

*\Chen the Of-ifue* are eie£led, every one to be cal'ed alter the Business ot f'ich telpcdlive O trice, and all A«fls, Matters, &c. done there to be Valid in Law.

As by Act iz Geo. III. Ely House, See, ba-.enmr verted in his Majesty for the Purposes therein (mentioned.

C. 33. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

that Purpose, to be commenced in either of his Majesty's said Courts, on or before the First Day of Trinity Term next ensuing, wherein such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, as aforesaid, shall be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon one* or more Issue or Issues, to be settled in the Court of which the said Action shall be commenced; if the Parties shall differ about the Settling thereof, such issue or Issues to be tried by a Special Jury of Freeholders of the said County of Middlesex, whose Verdict thereupon, if the same shall be satisfactory to the Court where the cause is tried, shall be final and conclusive to all the said Parties; and in rafe a Verdict shall be found for such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as to the said Right, the said Jury shall upon their Oaths esquire, as well what Damages have been or will be sustained by; and what Recompence ought to be made for, so much of the Soil of the said River Thames as shall be taken away for the Purposes of embanking as aforesaid, as well as the respective Parts and Proportions of such Damages and Satisfaction which ought to be paid and borne in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, by or in respect of his Majesty's said ralace of Somerset House, and his said Manor of the Savoy, and to indorse the same upon the PoJlea\ and for the better ascertaining such Damages, and the Proportions thereof, as aforesaid, the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced shall, upon the Application of either of the Parties, cause the said Jury to view the Places in question, to which said Jury all Parties, and all others interested, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Court wherd the said Action shall be tried shall, upon the Verdict of the said Jury in such feigned Action, give Judgment thereon according to Law; which Judgment shall be recorded by the said Court, and shall finally bind and conclude all Parties, and all others interested in the said Embankment.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all that his Majesty's said Palace or Capital Messuage, called by the Name of Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, otherwise Strand House, situate in or near the Parish of Saint Mary at Strand, in the County of Middlesex, with all its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, and all and singular Houses, Outhouses, Stables, Coach-houses, Edifices, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Palace or Capital Messuage belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, or enjoyed, as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof; and also so much of the Ground and Soil of the said River Thames, so to be inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, as lieth in the Front of the said Palace or Capital Messuage called Somerset House, and the Garden thereunto belonging; and also all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall at any Time be purchased by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities contained in this Act, together with all Erections and Buildings now erected and built upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof, or that shall or may at any Time hereafter be erected and built thereon, or on any Part thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, field and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified, of, from, aitd against, all former Grants, Charters, Titles, Estates, or other Incumbrances whatsoever, for the Use, Intent, and Purpose of erecting and establishing* within the same, or upon the Ground and Scite thereof, the several Publick Offices hereafter mentioned; that is to say. The Salt Office, the Stamp Office, the Tax Office, the Navy Office, the Navy Pay Office, the Navy Victualling Office, the Publick Lottery Office, the Hawkers and Pedlars Office, the Hackney Coach Office, the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands Office, the Auditors of the Imprefts Office, the Pipe Office, the Office of the Dutchy of Lancaster, the Office of the Dutchy of Cornwall, the Office of Ordnance, the King's Barge-master's House, the King's Barge-houses, and such other Publick Offices and Buildings as shall be thought fit by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and convenient to erect and establish there, notwithstanding any Restraint, or any other Matter or Thing contained in an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majestys Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown); or any Thing in the said recited Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act fat enabling' his Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case Jhe fall survivi his Majesty); or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when all or any of the said several Offices, and such as may hereafter be erected or established, shall be so built and established, as aforesaid, the same shall be severally and respectively accepted in Law to be the proper Office, and shall be called after the Denomination of the Revenue or Business of such respective Office; and that all and every Act and Acts, Thing and Thing*, Matters and Concerns respectively, made, done, or executed there concerning such Office, or the Receipt and Management of any of his Majesty's said Revenues respectively, shall bt and are hereby declared to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Act or Acts, Matters, Things, or Concerns, would have been, had the same been made, done and executed a€ any ancient, present, or accustomed Office, had this Act never been made.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for vesting Ely House in Holbourn in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for applying the Purchase money, with another Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing a freehold Piece of Ground in Dover-street, in the building and fitting up another House thereon for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See, and for other Purposes therein mentioned), all that House called Ely House, situate in Holbourn in the County of Middlesex, and all that and those the Chapel, Coach- houses, Stables, and other Offices, Gardens, and Yard thereto belonging, with all the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances to the House and Premises belonging, upon such Comp nfition, and with such Saving, as therein particularly expressed in that Behalf, became vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, »o the Intent, among other Things, th A the same should be applied to erect and establish Publick Offices thrreon, as in and by the said recited Act, relation thereunto being had, may more fully appear: And whereas the said House called Ely House, and other the Pieuufes, have been found not so

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C.

3*3

the said Hoofer, and such Parts of Somerset Hon ft, &c, at may not be necessary for the Publick Of* Aces, now vetted in the Commissioneri, and may be ibid} See,

convenient for the Purposes aforesaid as the said Palace or Capital Messuage called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House; and Part of the said Palace or Capital Messuage called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, or of the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, to be purchased as herein-before is provided, or of the Land to be acquired and taken in by such Embankment as is herein-before mentioned,

may not be required, or necessary to the Erection and Establtshment of the Offices aforesaid; and ic will be very advantageous to the Publick that the said Ely House, and all the Premises thereto belonging

and all such Part of the said Palace or Capital Messuage called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House,

and other the Premises as shall not be necessary to the Erection and Establishment of the Offices aforesaid,

should be fold; and also all such Grounds, Buildings, Messuages, and Tenements, with their Appurtenances, as are now used and employed as and for any of the Publick Offices to be erected and efta- blished as aforesaid, and whereof or wherein his Majesty, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him,

have or hath any Estate or Interest, other than and except such Houses, Rooms, or Apartments* as are Part of his Majesty's Royal Palace of Whitehall, should, after the Removal of such Offices, be likewise fold, for such Estate and Interest as his Majesty, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, have or hath therein, or that the said House called Ely House, and other the Premises, should be otherwise disposed of to the best Advantage, and that the Purchase money or other Profits thereof, to be paid into the Hands of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or into the Hands of such Person as they or any three of them shall* by Warrants under their Hands, direct or appoint to receive the same, mould be applied and disposed of in erecting and establishing such Publick Offices as aforesaid, upon the Terms and in the Manner herein after mentioned for that Purpose; and his Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that the same be enabled, ordained, and established accordingly be it therefore ordained, enacted, and established, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said House, called Ely House, and all that and those the Chape), Coach-houses. Stables, and other Offices, Gardens, and Yard thereunto belonging, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, which by the said recited Act were veiled or intended to be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, and also all such Part and Parts of the said Palace and Capital Messuage called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, and other the Premises, except as before excepted, as shall not be necessary for the Erection and Establishment of the several Offices aforesaid, and also all such Grounds, Buildings, Met jfuages, and Tenements, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, as are now used and employed as and for any of the Publick Offices hereafter to be erected and established as aforesaid, and whereof or wherein his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, now have or hath, or can or may have, any Estate or Interest, except as before excepted, shall be veiled in, and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to the Intent that the same may be bargained, fold, or leased, disposed of, and applied to and for the several Purposes herein after mentioned; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to treat, contrail, and agree, with any Person or Persons* Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, for the Sale, or for the leafing of all or any Part of the Estate,

Right, Title, or Interest, in or to all or any of the Premises so vested in the Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid, for the most Money that can be got for the same, or upon Terms and Conditions the most advantageous as can be got: And that upon the executing such Contracts or Agreements by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or upon executing such other Conveyances, Surrenders, or Demises, as in such Contract or Contrails shall be agreed on for that Purpose, and Payment of the Price at such Time or Times as shall be agreed on, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, to be applied and disposed of according to the Directions of this present Ail, such Conveyances, Assignments. Surrenders, and Demises shall be good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall acquit and discharge every such Purchaser or Lessee, his and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Ad-, roinistrators, and Assigns, as against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all other Person or Persons claiming or to claim, by, from, under, or in Trust for him or them, or the said Commissioners or their Trustees, notwithstanding any Restriition or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Ail of the first of her late Majesty Queen Anne, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of H©wthtMoa«f Money arising by such Sales or Contrails, or by any Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders, or Demises, made in pursuance thereof, of the said House called Ely House, and other the Premises so by this Act vested in the Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, shall be issued and ap-

fJied, and are hereby appropriated and applied to the Uses and for the Purposes following, that is to say, n the first place, for paying and defraying all Expences incurred in and about executing and completing such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, or relating thereto respectively 5 and after Payment of such Charges and Expences aforesaid, the Surplus and Residue of the said Money shall be applied for and towards the Expences of inclosing and embanking so much of the Ground and Soil of the River Thames, so to be inclosed as aforesaid, as lieth in the Front of the said Palace or Capital Messuage called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, and the Garden thereunto belonging; and for and towards Payment of the Confide-;

ration for any Purchase to be made in pursuance of this Act 5 and for and towards the Expences of laying out, building, finishing, completing, and maintaining all and each -of the several Publick Offices herein-before mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue his or their Warrant from"

Time to Time for the Payment and Application of such Sum and Sums of Money accordingly.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Money arising by such Sale or If Money arising Sales, Demises or Surrenders of the said House called Ely House, and other the Premises, (o vested in the *yf*K&c.benoc Vol.XII. Sf Commissioners

Conveyance,

Alignment*,

Sec. to PurchaserS to be good in Law against all Claim*, Sec,

Sale of *ly House, &c. it to In applied.

3i4

ney granted for Naval Services, Sec, may be applied.

Saving Clause.

Commissioner of the Treasury indemnified for *rhat they shall do in pursuance of this Act. Actiont to be brought within three Months, &c.

Defendants may plead the General lflbe.

Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

Act la Car. II.

by Act n Geo. T. made perpetual.

After Aug. i.

*775» when Rape Seed shall be above 17U xos. per Left, all former Duties on such Seed imported from Ireland shall cease; and in lieu thereof 1 s, per Lad shall be paid, and no more.

C. 34. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to be sold or demised as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to ai>* fwer the Purposes for which the same is appropriated as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and he or they are hereby impowered, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, by or out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, for or towards all or any of the Naval Services, and out of all or any of the Revenues arising or to arise to his Majesty, within the Receipt, Management, or Government of all or any of the several Offices erected and established, or to be erected and established by virtue of this Act, to order and direct, from Time to Time, such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall judge necessary for answering the Purposes aforesaid, and carrying the Intentions of this Act into effectual Execution: Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors, (other than and except the King's most excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than such Person or Persons seised or possened) in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the said Palace called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset Housey or to the said Capital Messuage, late called Buckingham Housey and other the rremifes, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and each and every other Person and Persons authorised by them, or any three of them, to do any Act in Execution of any of the Powers intended to be hereby vested in them respectively, as aforesaid, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance of this Act: And that if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any of the Premises herein-before mentioned, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within three Calendar Months after the Fact committed; such Action shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may be at Liberty to plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same: And this Act and every Clause and Matter therein shall by all and every Judge and other Person and Persons be construed and adjudged as largely and beneficially as can be for the Ends and Purposes herein expressed.

XXII. And it is hereby declared to be a Publick Act of Parliament; and all Judges, Justices, and others» are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil imported from Ireland, and for allowing the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure from Ireland to this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subjuly of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable on Merchandise exported and imported^ heavy Duties have been imposed upon Rape Seed, and upon Oil extracted from Rape Seed, and other Vegetable Oils imported from Ireland, which Duties, by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, have been made perpetual; and the said Duties have been found by Experience to amount to a Prohibition of the Importation of the said Commodities from his Majesty's said Kingdom of Ireland: And whereas this Kingdom, not being able to supply its own Consumption, is obliged to purchase large Quantities of Oils of different Sorts from Foreigners, in the place of many of which Sorts now imported on low Duties, Oils made ih "this Kingdom of Rape Seed imported from Ireland might be advantageously substituted, and particularly for the Use of the Woollen Manufacturee: And whereas there is Reason to apprehend that there may be a Deficiency in the Quantity of Whale Oil and other Fish Oil, so necessary for a Variety of Manufactures, which De- ficiency may be best provided against by a Supply of Vegetable Oil to be manufactured in this Kingdom;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the^ first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, whenever the Price of middling British Rape Seed, at the Ports and Places where Rape Seed shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall appear, according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, to be at or above the Price of seventeen Pounds and ten Shillings per Last, all Duties heretofore imposed upon or payable on Account of any Rape Seed, or other Seed, commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil from the same, imported from Ireland\ shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and in lieu thereof, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of one Shilling per Last, and no more, upon all Rape Seed, and upon all other Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting Oil therefrom, such Seeds being of the Growth of Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain.

---

[How Duties are to be collected, and applied.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such and the same Manner, and for such and the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duties granted by the said Act

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35, 36. 315

of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second are directed to be levied, collected, paid, and applied.

[Rape Cakes for Manure may be imported from Ireland Duty-free.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August next, it shall and may be lawful to import, into any Part of Great Britain, from Ireland, all Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, Duty-free.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

---

'WHEREAS it would tend greatly to encourage and improve the Manufacture of red, green, and blue Leather in this Kingdom, if the Importation of raw and undressed Goat Skins Duty-free was permitted for a limited Time;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,.That from and after the twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import and bring into this Kingdom, in British built Ships or Vessels, navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place whatsoever, any Goat Skins raw or undressed, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or other Duty whatsoever for the same, for the Space of five Years from the said twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That due Entry shall be made of all such Goat Skins at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the same shall be imported, in such Manner and Form as was used and pra<fti(ed before the making of this Act; and such Goat Skins shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose; and if any Person or Persons, upon the Importation of such Goat Skins, shall not observe and perform the said Rules and Regulations herein-before mentioned, every such Person shall be liable to

Eay such and the same Duties as such Goat Skins would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not ten made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Preamble;

After June 10, 17751 caw Goats Skins may be imported from any Place into this Kingdom Duty-free for 5 Year*.

Due Entry of all such Goat Skins to be made at tbs Custom-house;

and on Default, to be liable to former Duties,

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out New Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament; and for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to make out New Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall during the Recess of Parliament become Peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament, and for suspending the Execution of the said Act with respect to the Borough of Shafte/bury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act Vy to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out New Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament, the Speaker of the House of Commons is required to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the

Crown to make out new Writs in the Room of Members who die during a Recess of Parliament for more than twenty Days, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, the Deaths of such Members having been certified in Writing to him under the Hands of two Members of the House of Commons, and fourteen

Days Notice being first given by the Speaker of the House of Commons thereof, and of his Intentions

to issue such Warrants, by inferring such Notice in the London Gazette: And whereas Inconveniencies might arise if such Notice should be inserted in the London Gazette, and such Warrant should be issued by the Speaker of the House of Commons, in the Case of the Death of a Member, which shall not be certified to the Speaker of the House of Commons so long before the actual Meeting of the House of Commons for the Dispatch of Business as that the said Notice may be inserted, and the fourteen Days expire, before the said Meeting of the House of Commons; or in the Case of the Death]of a Member against whose Election or Return a Petition had been presented to the House of Commons, and was depending at the Time of such Prorogation or Adjournment For preventing the same, be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act contained extends, or shall be construed to extend, to require the Speaker of the House of Commons to insert Notice in the London Gazette, or issue his Warrant to make out a new Writ in the Room of any Member deceased, whose Death shall not be duly certified to the Speaker of the House of Commons so long before the actual Meeting of the House of Commons for the Dispatch of Business as that the Speaker of the House of Commons may be able to insert Notice thereof, and of his Intention to issue such Warrant, fourteen Days at the lead before such Meeting of the

[Preamble.]

Act 10 Geo. III. rccued.

Explanation of said Act with respect to the issuing of Writ* for Members to serve in Parliament.

316 C. 37. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

House of Commons; or for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, v Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, in the Room of any Member deceased, against whose Election or Return for such County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, a Petition had been presented to the House of Commons, and was actually depending at the Time of such Prorogation or Adjournment*

II. And whereas it would tend (till further to promote the Purposes of the said Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and to prevent those Inconveniences and Disorders which may be occasioned for want of more speedy Elections of Members of the House of Commons, if the Provisions of the said Act Speaker to iflbt were extended to the Cases of Members who shall become Peers of Great Britain/ be it enacted by the his ^Warrants, Authority aforesaid, That from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, it shall and may fUr*ei8ainCCef, lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, during the Recess of Parliament MembciHn the for more than twenty Days, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby required to issue Room of those his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for electing Members of the House of become Peer* of Commons in the Room of such Members as shall, during such Recess, become Peers of Great Britain^ Crest Britain. as soon as he shall receive Notice, by a Certificate under the Hands of two Members of the House of Commons, that a Writ of Summons hath been issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain to summon the said Members to Parliament.

The like Notice

III. Provided also, That after the Receipt of such Certificate, the like Notice in the London Gazette

MembT'Y1* be given by the Speaker, as is required in the Case of Members deceased; and such Notice and ceased.T% Warrant shall be subject and liable to the same Exceptions and Regulations as are required by the said Act and by this present Act, in the Case of Notices to be given, and Warrants to be issued in the Room of Members dying during a Recess.

IV. And whereas it has appeared to the House of Commons, that there was the most notorious Bribery and Corruption at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of ‘ Shafton otherwise Shaftesbury. in the County of Dorseti And whereas, in consequence thereof, and until' c the House of Commons shall have an Opportunity of making a further Inquiry into the Persons con— c cerned in the said Bribery and Corruption, the House of Commons have provided that no Writ do issue for the electing of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough during the present Session of Parliament j but as it may happen that, during the next Recess of Parliament, the Speaker of the House of Commons may, by virtue of the said recited Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, be required to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Shaftesbury: And whereas the issuing such Writ during the next Recess of Parliament might tend to defeat those Measures which it may be proper to take in con-Sf*akfcrroMo sequence of the said notorious Bribery and Corruption be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That jj%e any War- the ^peaker of the House of Commons shall hot be enabled, by virtue of the said recited Act, to issue his Borough*ofr Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the said Borough of Shafton otherwise-

SfcafoL Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, daring the said next Recess of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware (except Galley Tiles), the Manufacture of Europe, to be sold in Great Britain and for charging the same with a Duty ad valorem.

[Preamble. Act 3 Edw. IV. recited.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the third Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth (intituled, Certain Merchandises not lawful to be brought ready wrought into this Realm), recited, amongst several Articles therein mentioned, any Manner of painted Wares are prohibited to be brought

A a 11 Geo. I. 6 into this Realm, to be uttered and fold within the same: And whereas by the additional Book of Rates* wited. 4 made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Earthen Ware of all Sorts (except India or China not to be uttered or sold, and not otherwise rated), the Pound Weight*

broken or whole, is rated at Ten-pence, which Rate is considerably under the true real Value of such EarthenWare: And whereas, notwithstanding the said recited Act, great Quantities of Earthen Ware*

made and painted in foreign Parts of Europe^ have been clandestinely brought and imported into this Kingdom, and run on Shore and fold here, and there is great Reason to believe that several Parcels of such painted Earthen Ware, which have been entered not to be uttered or fold, and paid the Duties im- posed thereon by Law, according to the Rate before mentioned, of Ten-pence the Pound Weight, have /4 nevertheless been afterwards fold and disposed of in this Kingdom, to the Discouragement of the Manufactures of this Sort of Ware carried on in several Parts of Great Britain, and to the Prejudice of the After Tune 20 ^n‘tC(^ Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the China Earthen Ware imported

" Soti by them being subject to a much higher Duty:* Now, for Remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty t>f Earthen that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice Ware, b«irg the and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Manufacture of anj by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven ^ipyr^jTntobC lU]n(*re^ a,1(l severity-five, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this King-this dom any Sort of painted Earthen Ware, being the Manufacture of Europe, to be uttered or sold in Great

(except (jaiicy Britain (except Galley Tiles), any Thing in the before-recited Act, made in the third Year of the Reign Tile?.) of King Edward the Fourth, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forrrer Rite of IE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of xod. Fe: lb. to June, toe before-mentioned Rate of Ten pence the Pound Weight, for Earthen Ware of all Sorts (ex-ccpt India or China not to be uttered or fold, and not otherwise rated), shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and the several Duties payable upon the Importation of such Earthen Ware according to that

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 38, 39, 40. 317

Rate, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and in lieu and instead thereof, all Earthen Ware *nd instead (except India or China) not otherwise rated, whether painted or not, which, from and after the said J?hc,r°r» aI1 twentieth Day of June, shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, either for private Use, or to be £crtht*n ^Vol. uttered or sold in Great Britain, shall be liable to and pay for the old Subsidy, granted by the Act of Ton- 10c‘# foJ^very* nage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, ten Pounds ten loo 1, ad valo* Shillings for every one hundred Pounds, according to the true Value and Price of such Earthen Ware*; remj to be ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, in the Presence of the to be aftertax Customer, Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Importation, rn Oath of the or any two of them; and the several further Subsidies, additional Duties, and all other Imports and Duties whatsoever, to which such Earthen Ware was subject and liable to, at the Rate of Ten-pence per Pound Weight, before the making of this Act, shall in like Manner be paid proportionably according to such Value and Price, and not according to any other Rate or Value.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Earthen Ware shall be subject and Eirthen Wire liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, that other unrated Goods, under- to the A valued by the Importer or Proprietor, are subject and liable to by Law; and the several Subsidies, Impo- ,ther#unratei fitions, and Duties, made payable by this Act upon such Earthen Ware, shall be raised, levied, collected. Goods, &c. recovered, paid and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under the Duties &c. to like Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as the said former *>e collected and Subsidies and other Duties were raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and were subject *PPIieJ and liable to; and all the Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, contained in the several a®rdm*j,c Power* Acts of Parliament which granted or continued the same respectively, shall continue in full Force and Of the Aa* Effect, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, pay- which granted ing, and applying the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, according to the true Intent the and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, "ued m fttU Powers, and Provisions, had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act, orcc#

---

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

1,250,000l.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to administer Oaths where any Penalty is to be levied, or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, wherein the same is not expressly directed.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it is frequently necessary for Justices of the Peace to administer Oaths or Affirmations, where Penalties are to be levied, or Distresses to be made, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, which they have no Power to administer, unless authorised so to do by such Acts respectively;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[In all Cases where Penalties &c. are directed to be levied under Acts, Justices are impowered to administer Oaths, &c. for levying such Penalties, &c.]

That in all Cases where any Penalty is directed to be levied, or Distress to be made, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, or here-after to be made, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices acting under the Authority of such Acts respectively, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer an Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of levying such Penalties, or making such Distresses respectively.

CAP. XL.

An Act for amending and explaining an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in America.

[Preamble; Clause in Act 14 Geo. III. recited.]

'Whereas by an Act, passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in America,) it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Goods, chargeable with any of the Duties in the said Act mentioned, shall be brought into the said Province by Land Carriage, the same shall pass and be carried through the Port of Saint John's, near the River Sorrel; or if such Goods shall be brought into the said Province by any Inland Navigation, other than upon the River Saint Lawrence the same shall pass and be carried upon the said River Sorrel by the said Port, and shall be there entered with and the said respective Rates and Duties paid for the same, to such Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs as shall be there appointed for that Purpose; and if any such Goods coming by Land Carriage or Inland Navigation as aforesaid, shall pass by or beyond the said Place before named without Entry or Payment of the said Rates and Duties, or shall be brought into any Part of the said Province by or through any other Place whatsoever, the said Goods shall be forfeited; and every Person who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned, in the bringing or removing such Goods, or to whose Hands the same shall come, knowing that they

318 C. 41, 42. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

were brought or removed contrary to this Act, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods; to be estimated and computed according to the best Price that each respective Commodity bears in the Town of Quebec at the Time such Offence shall be committed; and all the Horses, Cattle, Boats, Vessels, and other Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of such Goods, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, and prosecuted as therein-after mentioned: And whereas there is Reason to apprehend, that the Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said herein-before recited Clause, so far as they relate to the bringing of Rum, Brandy, or other Spirits, into the Province of Quebec by Land Carriage, may, without further Explanation, operate to the Prejudice and Disadvantage of the Commerce carried on with the Indians in the upper or interior Parts of the said Province, we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[His Majesty's Subjects may bring, by Land or Inland Navigation, into any Parts of Quebec, not heretofore comprehended in the Royal Proclamation of Oct. 7, 1763, any Quantity of Rum, Brandy, etc.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for all His Majesty's Subjects freely to bring, carry or convey, by Land Carriage, or Inland Navigation, into any Parts of the Province of Quebec, not heretofore comprehended within the Limits thereof by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation of the Seventh of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, any Quantity of Rum, Brandy, or other Spirits, any Thing contained in the before-recited Act of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for redeeming the Sum of one Million of the Capital Stocks of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sdlion of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

---

Not exceeding

I9, S, S5*I.

169. iid. 3q. grant'd out of the Fund, for the Service of the current Year;

to be itTued by the Treasury accordingly.

Treasury impowered to raise the said Sum, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund i

Alt Persons who frail lend any Money upon the Credit of this Art to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money with

'WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain% in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Monies as shall, from Time to Time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, a Sum not exceeding one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings; and the Commissioners of his Majesty Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, upon the Credit of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, who are or is hereby authorised to issue his or their Warrants for that Purpose, as such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; and, moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan (truck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing

‘ the same Date with his, her, or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 42.* 319

Orders to be registered in Course.

No undue Preference ro be given in Payment*

Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Remitter, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered,

shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Monies to come in of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective persons, and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Piupose whatsoever, other than fuel*

Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, as aforesaid ;. and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his No Fee to be Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or taken, on For-Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's £iture of tr?b*« Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved Pa.ma8c*> with by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also: And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place: And in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each Person's due Place and Order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action,

Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Da- to be recovered mages, and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks* at Westminster* shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Reftraiot, shall be in any wise fjranted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, ^hat if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders, to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come and take their Monies, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy preceding Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them;

Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment, to be indorsed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit, of such Order to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make), shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and rayment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoius; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who hath or have made such Assignment, td make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or airy Part thereof.

VII. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the Whole the said Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the Publick Service/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of if ir shall Be his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer judged more adw for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million nine hundred and ljrcaJIe»the fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, or any ' Vjfe the fr7dT Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans, as aforesaid, that then he or they respectively is sum by Erche-or are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to be quer Bills instead prepared or made, at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of of Loans; Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five JndhlcCfBll!* J,1* hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, together with such Loans made-as'those* aforesaid, in the famtfor like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Di- preferred byth* regions, as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing Mai as of this

and Scftiuiw

full Costs.

Penalty of undue Preference in point of Registry or Payment.

Auditor, &c. neglecting hit Duty, liable for Damages, See,

No endue Preference in the registeritg, where Orders ire brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so at Monay be reserved for the preceding Orders.

Power of Assignment, an* Method of transfesring of Orders*

320

C. 42. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

and granting to his Majesty certain Duties, upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

All Advantages

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, thd, Jf ^owers> Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last-men-

thfs SeOion, re- Ad, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such

lating to Loans Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the or Exchequer Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act), shall be Bills thereby au- applied and Extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, ma^olth^ei- to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorisea by the said lait-tended " mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and rc-enacted ai\. in the Body of this present Act.

The said Exche-

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be made quer Bill*, in- in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the teres*,an<iChtr- fanac> shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of paid out of the t^ie growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Exdesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing Sinking Fund, the Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said-Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) 5 and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly statefl and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and dischargine such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Pre-*mium, Rate, or'Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money Sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

Ihnk authorised

X. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Ma/X^he Sum *or Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Manner,

of11,915,55*1. at *he Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of 16nd. 3q* Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five notwithstanding hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, any Thing in an Act made 6 GuJ* V1 fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for grant* nx‘ ing to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for feewring certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Ail mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against The Sony of Prance, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

*895,6861. ig«.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of eight hundred ninety-five. 1 od*, iq. Sur- thousand six hundred and eighty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence Farthing, remaining in the

phis of the sink. Receipt of the Exchequer oa the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the ing Fond in the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus April*?"*?. Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund \ and also such of nd such Monies the Monies as shall be paid into the Receiot of the Exchequer after the fifth Day of April, one thousand as ftaii be paid seven hundred and seventy-fiye, and on or before the fifth Day of Abril, one thousand seven hundred and into the Exche- seventy-six, of the Produce of the Duties charged by two Acts made in the fifth and fourteenth Years of quer between hj8 present Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and an^ Apr'ii <,75* a the Sum of ten thousand nine hundred and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Two pence,

1776, of the remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the produce of the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of his Duties on Gum present Majesty's Reign; the Monies paid by the Receivers General of the several Counties which have Ar" Me; 0>ni no* raiftd the Militia; and also of such imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament; »10,976l. is*, Q*all al*d roay be issued and applied at the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for and towards making ad. remaining good the said Supply; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or in the Exche- any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are oris hereby authorisea and tic^of^Rice^x" impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

ported, and Apples imported, Cambricks and Sugar*, granted by 6 Geo. III. j and Monies paid by Counties who have not raHed Militia j and of the imprest

Monies remaining for the Disposition of Parliament.

15,000l. for supporting the necessary Ex-. peaces of Forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the cededlflands, out of the Monies to be paid into the Exchequer on April 5, ,7?6,

Appropriation of the Supplies, The Monies a* rising by the Malt Tax,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and that shall be paid in there on or before the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues which by any Act or Acts of Parliament have been directed to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland., and the ceded Blands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Adb of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 42. 321

Land T*r,

be made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be referred in the Exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one lhouJ<and seven hundred and/evenly-five, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby, for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for a Lottery, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Sum of one million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery; and also the said Sum of eight hundred ninety-five thousand six hundred eighty>iix Pounds thirteen Shillings and* Ten-pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arifcR of the Surplusses, ExceUes, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund corn-manly called The Sinking Fund', and also such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and on or before the fifth Day of ApriL one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, of the Produce of the Duties charged by two Act made in the fifth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the said Sum of ten thousand nine hundred seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported; the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; the Monies paid by the Receivers General of the several Counties which have not raised the Militia; and also of such imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the further Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and* Eleven-pence three Farthings, by this Act granted, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excessfes, or Overplus M onies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed, together with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War, which his Majesty declared in a most gracious Speech to his Parliament, that he had directed-, for the Ease of his Subjects, to be applied to the publick Service; and also Inch Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty, according to his most gracious Intentions, expressed in the same Speech, shall direct, for the further Ease of his Subjects, to be also applied to the publick Service, out of the Monies which have arisen, or shall arise, by the Sale of Lands belonging to his Majesty in the Islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to his Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace- Militia - and the

Imprest Monies remaining for the Disposition of Parliament; and 1,915,551l. 16*. 11 d. 3q. by thi» AO granted, out of the ErrefTei, &c. composing the Sinking Fund; together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prises taken before the Declaration of War; and also loch Sums of Money as his Majesty fha.ll direct to be applied to the publick Service, which shall arise by the Sale of the ceded islands in the West Indies.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One million six hundred seventy-eight thousand and fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and Ten-pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein particularly expressed; (that is to say,) For or towards Victuals* Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Visual ling thereof, performed, and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed, and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary *of his Majesty's Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand seven hundred and seventy-four Marines; and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in his Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iflired and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners, or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two luindred twenty-eight thousand and fifty-nine Pounds one Shilling and Seven-pence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-two thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds five Shillings and Three-pence, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be mued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

Voi.XII. Tt one

Loans,

Lottery,

and 895,6861. 13s. 10 d, iq, remaining in the Exchequer on AP'il 5* '77Sf far the Dispofi-t;on of Parliament; and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April- 5, 1775, and April 5, 1776, of the Froduc: of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and 10,976]. 18 s. a d. of the Monies on Rice exported, and Du* ties on Apple* imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, by Act 6 Geo. III. g the Monies paid by Counties who have not raised

Not exceeding '>678,059 1.

15s. rod. to be itiued out of the Supplies towards NavalSer-

60001. to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, fte,§

2*8,0591. vt.

7 d. Charges of the Office of Ordnance;

32,7481. 3^.

for Charges of the Office of Ordnance not

provided for in

*774>

1,582,0511. 9*.

9 d, 3q. towards the Land Forces)

322 C. 4.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 1775.

one million five hundred eighty-two thousand and fifty-one Pounds nine Shillings and Nine-pence three Farthings, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; (that is to say,). Any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred twenty-seven thousand six hundred eighty-nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and Four-pence, for defraying the Charge of fevemeen -thousand five hundred and forty-seven effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, and including one thousand five hundred and twenty-two Invalids for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces' in Great Britain, Jerj'ey, and Guernsey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred seventy-one thousand one hundred eighty-six Pounds and Ten-pence, and one-eighth Part of a Penny, towards further maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa* including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provifirms for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland., Gibraltar, the ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand eight hundred seventy-four Pounds four Shillings and Nine-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of three Battalions and three Companies of Foot, serving in the ljle of Many at Gibraltar^ and Minorca, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand four hundred seventy-three Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain* for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and five thousand three hundred twenty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred and* seventy Pounds three Shillings and Nine-pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty-seven thousand seven hundred and six Pounds twelve Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to his Majesty's Forces, confiding of four thousand three hundred and eighty-three Men, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine thousand five hundred thirty-six Pounds ten Shillings and Seven-pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of 'Pay be-

, ______ tween the British and Irish Establishment of one Regiment of Light Dragoons and two Regiments of Foot,

*he Pensions of from the first Day of March to the twenty-fourth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and Officers Wi- seventy-five, both Days inclusive, being two hundred and ninety-nine Days, as also for defraying the Charge of Levy-money for the Augmentation to Major General Prejhn s Regiment of Light Dragoons, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred twenty-two thousand two hundred twenty-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and Five-pence, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Outpensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred sixty-two thousand five hundred thirty-seven Pounds seven Shillings and Ten-pence, and one-eighth Part of a Penny, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the twenty-second Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and the eighth Day of March* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and not provided for 5d. ,0th. Out. by Parliament.

j>sn6oners of Chelsea Hospital 5 262,5371. 71. lod. I-8th of a Penny, toward extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, and other Services incurred, and sot provided for,

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty* thousand Pounds, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act paflea in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy four* and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred seventy-eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and Nine-pence, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by his Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand three hundred forty-six Pounds ten Shillings and Five-pence, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia* for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand and eighty-six Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia* and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of his

S Majesty's

of which €27/189 I. 19s. 4<J. far defraying the Charges of 17.547 effective Men, &c.; and 1512 Invalids, lor Guards, &c. in Great Britain, See; 37I, Io6l. IO d. 2 8 h of a Peony, for F' reel and Carr, for,' in Africa; 2,874l. 4 \ 9 i. to make fcoed the Differ tree of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Troops serving 3n the Me of Man, &c.; 11,473 h 1*

6 d. 2 q. for General and General Staff OfH--cers in Great Britain; 105,326l. 161. 3d. to the reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines; 870 1. 3 s. 9 d. to the two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, &c.: 628 1. to

«k>ws, &c. 5 47,7061. z 2 9.

I d. for the Aug-zrentation of the Forces; 9,536k 10 s. 7d. to make good the Difference be-twen British and Irish Pay of cer-GinTroops,&c.; 122,221 1. 15 s

1,1:0,000l. for discharging Exchequer Bills of last Session;

12,578l. 14s.

9 dr to make good to his Majesty the like issued in pursuance of the A idrtffes of the House of Commons;

4 346l. I OS. 5J.

Mr supporting the C vil Effa-blishment of No-▼a Scotia;

3,086 b for the Civil Establishment of Georgia;

4 950 1. for the

Civil Effab ifh-frient of Lait

E.cnda;

fi. D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 42. 3*3

Majesty's Colony of East Florida, and other Incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of l^ejl Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the twenty-fourth Day of June-, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand eight hundred eighty-five Pounds and four Shillings upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending gcneial Surveys of his Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in repairing; maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Aloney, not exceeding six thousand three hundred thirty-six Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, upon Account, for defraying the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee in South Bariary and Cape Rouge, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Mufaum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand Pounds, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in afiiihng the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Not rrceM'rf 5,4 jo ! for the Dvil Ef*.bi:lh» men' of West Florida j i, SS 51. 4 3. for defraying tx-pences a 'ending S-jivcy? in North Am?r ca

11 000 1. for rejJdirirg and n amuinm? the Forts :n Arne.; 6 3'6l. 9-I. a*, for supporting the Civil El.a-blishment of Senegarr.bia 5 30C0l. to the Trusteer of the British Muftcum* &c.}

5OC0l. to the Goveimr, &c. of Merchants of

England trading to the Levant Seas

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand nine hundred ninety-eight Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, upon Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand one hundred and forty-five Pounds, for defraying the Ekpence of engraving Charts of the Coasts of Ireland, and also of the West Coast of Great Britain from Bristol Channel to Cape IVrath, the North-western Promontory of Scotland, including all the adjacent Islands, surveyed by Master Murdoch Mackenzie9, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand seven hundred and eleven Pounds and fifteen Shillings, towards defraying the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coast of North America, between the Ba^ of Cha/eurs in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and the River Saint Croix in the Bay of Fundy, surveyed by Joseph Frederick JFallet Des Barres, Esquire; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-six thousand eight hundred forty-six Pounds nine Shillings and Three-pence, to be applied to reimburse the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Charges and Expences incurred by them in receiving the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm, in pursuance of an Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of the twenty-second Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and for Interest of the Monies advanced by them to the Holders of the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-two thousand eight hundred twenty-four Pounds and nineteen Shillings, for defraying the extraordinary Charge of his Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London in the Year ended the thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to allift the Inhabitants of the Island of Barbadoes, in defraying the Expence of cleansing the Channel, repairing the Mole, and rendering the Harbour there more safe and commodious; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand six hundred and eighty-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Ten-pence, to make good the like Sum which has been paid to several Persons, as a Compensation and in full Satis-fadUon for their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to several Orders of Council for preventing the spreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the horned Cattle; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred and fifty Pounds, out of the Monies that have been or shall be paid Into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on Account of the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late Waf^o be paid to Master Edward Rhhardson, or his Assigns, in Reward and full Satisfaction for the Information and Assistance given by him in the Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the late Master Edward Manning, one of the Agents for the Sale of the said Prizes in the Island of Jamaica.

6,9981. los. 7d. on account of the Expence of new" Road*, &c. in

the Highlands of Scotland in 177 5 5

2,145l. to Mr.

Mackenzie, for engravingCharte of the Coasts of Ireland, See, 3,7111. 15 s. to Mr. Wallet Del Barres for engraving Chirts of North America, &c. j 46,84a 9s. 3]. to the Bank of England for receiving the deficient Gold. Coin;

22,824l. 191.

for the extuior-dirnry Charge of his Majesty's M>nf;

5000k granfeJ to his Majesty, to aftift the Inhabitants of lErba-doet, in cleansing the Channel* &c;

1,684l. 15s.

10 d. to make good the )<ke

Sum paid for preventing the infectious Distemper arr.org the horned Cattle; 5501. to Mr, Richardson, out of the Moniea raised by the Sale of French Prize*, for his Discovery of the Effects of Mr. Manning;

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or* 880,000l.

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of eight hundred and eighty thousand r

Pounds, to enable his Majesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who have payibie to°Per-subscribed their Capital Stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be discharged and annihilated upon fons who have the Terms expressed in the Resolution of the House of Commons of the fourth Day of May, one thousand subscribed their seven hundred and seventy-five. Capital of 3 per

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding t05'thi Sinking* forty-five thousand four hundred forty-six Pounds eight Shillings and Two-pence, to replace to the Sink- Fund, to make i»g Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July, one gf*>d the Defi-

cienc7 on July

1774.

3H

Not exceeding 112,528l. 21. 5<f *q. to make good the Deficiency of Grant* for the Service of 1774.

The f«id Aidsto be arplied only to the Uies before mentioned.

Rule* to be ob-

served in the Application of the Half-pay,

By Act 14 Geo. III.

a Sum not exceeding

107,525l. 19*, ad. was appropriated to be paid to the reduced

Officers. Overplus Monies above satisfying said Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, Sec, in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct.

[Preamble,

Txuflecs Names.

C. 43. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by ai» Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Se-vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred twelve thousand five hundred twenty-eight Pounds two Shillings and Five-pence Farthing, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand fevei* hundred and seventy-four.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies* provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued er applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed t<v be satisfied tfiereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose, contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And as to the Sum of one hundred and five thousand three hundred twenty six pounds sixteett Shillings and Eight pence, by this Act appropriated on Account of Half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, that the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said H^alf-pay; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment* Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half-pay j that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland shall have or receive any Part of the said Half-pay that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person, by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise intitled to the same as reduced Of* ficers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to mny of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taker* off the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain,

XXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; an£ 4 for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and far further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to- the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise \ and for enabling the Ba~ 4 rons of the Exchequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred Pounds to Lady Anne Mackenzie, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland; the several Supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and seven thousand five hundred twenty-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and Two-pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half-pay,

4 as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf :* Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of one hundred and seven thousand five hundred twenty-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and Two-pence as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the* Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of their long Service* or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as (balk be signed in that Behalf j any Thing in this Act, or the said former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding-

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for Lighting and Watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS the Hamlet of Highgate, within the Parishes of Horrfey, Saint Pan craft, and Saint Mary lflington, in the County of Middlesex, is large and populous, and it would be a great Con— 4 venienee and Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof if Provision was made for lighting the same, and efta- blishing a nightly Watch therein: And whereas the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses within the said Hamlet are willing and desirous that a Rate should be raised upon themselves to defray the Charge there- of; but the same cannot be done, and the good Purposes aforesaid effected, without the Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King'© most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Major General Charles Fitz-Roy, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Thomas Cave, James Champ ain, William Baynes, Edward Ellicot, Thomas Saunders, Alexander Anderson, Thomas Pratt, William Bell, Thomas Chethom* Thomas IJher* wood, William Jellico, Evan Harris, Matthew Knapp, Edward Barnard, William Offiey, William Gallon, Thomas Everett, Robert Langford, Robert Thomas, Charles Causton, John Lucy, Stephen Beckingham, John Cobb, Robert Mendham, Tobias Kleinert, John Harford, Thomas Palmer, Richard Bankes, Samuel Tot ton, Thomas Pool, David Duvrluz, Ofbcrn Thornton, John Reynolds, William Herne, William Hurford, John Shears% Edward Holmes, Jobm Paignon, William Wether ell, John Con ft able, Gabriel Cox, James Reynolds, George Ptntony John Jonety Christopher Perkins, John ATinJlndy and the Minister and Chaplain belonging to the 6 - Chapel

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 325

Chapel of the said Hamlet of Highgate for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Truf- Description1 of tees for causing the said Hamlet to be lighted and watched in the Night, from and including a House known the R°acts in-by the Sign of The Crowny in the Occupation of John Saunders, on the East Side of the Road leading from r

London through Ifington, and from and including a House nearly opposite the same, in the Occupation of

William Callony Esquire, on the West Side of the said Road, through the said Hamlet, on the great Road to and including the House known by the Name of The Lower Wrejllersy in the Occupation of William Roberts, on the East, and another House nearly opposite the same, known by the Name of The Black Bully in the Occupation of James Williamson; and from and including a House in the Occupation of Wil- ham Offley, Esquire, on the Road from London through Kentish Towny and from thence to the South Side of the Hamlet, including all the Houses to the Publick House known by the Sign of The Angela and occupied by Jeremiah Lifter, and on the North Side all the Houses opposite thereto, beginning at the House occupied by George Daniel; and from thence to and including Pemberton Rowy to the rublick House known by the Name of The Gate Housey occupied by James Baggaltf including also all the Houses in the Centre near the Ponds, and also the House in the Grove occupied by Stephen Beckingham, Esquire, and the Houses in the Lane leading by the Side of the Grove towards the Door of the Stable-yard of the said Stephen Beckingham, Esquire; and down a certain Lane called Kenn or Cane Wood Lane, to and including a House now in the Occupation of Major General Charles Fitz~Roy \ and down Hornsey-Lane to and including a House in the Occupation of Robert Langford, Esquire, on the South, and a House nearly of-polite the same, in the Occupation of Thomas Richards, Brickmaker, on the North Side of the Road leading to Hornsey-y and down Southwold or Chapel Lane to and including a House in the Occupation of Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, on the Road leading to Mufivcll Hill\ and down the Lane leading to High-gate Common, ending at the Back Door of the said House occupied by Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire; and for putting this Act in Execution.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall compel the said Commissioners to light Cane Wood Lanes

the said Lane called Ken or Cane Wood Lane> but only to cause the said Lane to be watched. to be: on7 watch-

III. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Trustees herein named, or hereafter to bfc when Trusteer cleSed, shall die, resign, or refuse to aS, or shall remove from the said Hamlet, or shall be disqualified a*, orrehueto to aS, it ill all and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any five or more of them, others tob« at any of their Meetings, in, either of the said cases, from Time to Time to eleS and appoint one other cll°rcn*

fit Person, residing in the said Hamler, to be a Trustee in the Stead of every Trustee so deceased, resigning, refilling to aS, removing, or being disqualified; and every such Person so from Time to Time eleSed and appointed shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby impowered to aS, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample Manner as if such Person bad been particularly named and appointed in and by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby au- Time and Phc* thorised and impowered to meet at the Gate House in Highgate, on the tenth Day next after the passing of this ptrhcfirft Mcct-AS, and shall proceed to t-he Execution of this Act, and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, inS°^Tru ce,# adjourn themselves, and meet there, or at such other Place or Places within the said Hamlet, as the said

Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of a Sing as a Trustee (w;fiction of* in any Ca(*e in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his a Sing therein he shall be foiled in Trustee*.

his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, and be in the a Sual Possession or Receipt of Rents and Profits

of a Real Estate in Law or Equity of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds above Reprizes; or un-

fess such Person shall rent or occupy Tenements and Hereditaments within the said Hamlet of the yearly

Value of twenty Pounds: And if any Person or Persons hereby made incapable to aS shall presume to *oi. Penalty on

aS in the Trust aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Personsarting

Pounds; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and every Person so aqi not qualified,

prosecuted, or against whom such Action shall be brought, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid,

or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action than that such Person hath a Sed as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and the Money to be recovered in such Action shall, after Payment of the Costs and Expences attending such

Action, be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall from Time Tpirte«toap-to Time (if they shall think fit) appoint a Clerk, who shall enter all their Proceedings in a Book or Books point officers, to be kept for that Purpose, and shall and may also from Time to Time appoint such Collector or Col-

JeSors, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think proper to employ in the Execution of this

AS; and shall and may from Time to Time make such Allowances to all such Clciks, Collectors, and and mak.e Al-

Other Officers, for their Trouble and Attendances in the Execution of this Act, as the said Trustees, Or lowances for any five or more of them, shall, at any of their General Meetings, from Time to Time think fit; and their Trouble*-

shall and may also (if they think fit) appoint a Treasurer for the Receipt of the Money to be raised and

ColIeSed by the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act; and every such Treasurer so to be Treasurer* to-

appointed is hereby directed and required to account at the End of every three Months (or oftener if re-

quired) to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for all Monies by him received and disbursed rcc lU‘*

by virtue of this Act, and to pay such Money as upon the said Account shall appear to be remaining 111 his

Hands to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive

the same; to be applied to and for the Several and respective Uses and Purposes for which the same was

levied and raided.

VII. Provided always, That the said Trustees shall take such Security from their Treasurer and other Tre.ifirer Officers, as they, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; but no Salary or Allowance whatso.wer other office

shall &lvc SccautJ*

No ViftuAUr, &c. to ho'd i he Vbet of Clerk, &c.

Time of Trustees rr.e< ting to rrake the Rates, &c.

Hates not to exceed 2 s. in the Pound.

PeiTom under 61. yearly Rent theempud from Rates*

Trustees to appoint Collectors*

The'r Powers foT levying the Rates.

Assessors to account upon Oath, if required*

and pay the Money collected to Perform appointed to receive the same.

Irrcafe P< Hons cha'gcable refuse t«» pay, how the Ratts may be

ltvkjl.

Coo ls, ^c. may be distr lined in any Plac within the County, or cliew here.

C. 43. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

shall be made to any Treasurer upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever; and that no Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, or any Place or Cince under this Act.

4 V III. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may from Time to Time be raised for the Purposes of this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet in some convenient Place within the said Hamlet, upon the third Monday after the passing of this Add; and shall also meet annually upon the fir id Mind ay next after the Feast of Saint John the Baptij?, or within seven Days afterwards, at such Time and Place as they, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; Notice of the Time and Place of every such annual Meeting being first given in the Chapel of High gate on the Sunday next before eve; y such Meeting; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised and required, at their first Meeting, to be holden as aforesaid, and also at all subsequenr annual Meetings which shall be held in pursuance of this Act, to make a Pound-rate, to be equally a fie fit d, for the watching ar J lighting the said Hamlet within the Limits aforesaid, and for defraying all the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, upon all and every Person and Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy, any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Hamlet, or on any other Person or Persons who by Law is or are chargeable and <tfllffable for and towards the Relief of the Poor within the said Hamlet, according to the real improved Rent or Value of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament aforesaid (except as herein after is excepted) for such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled at their first Meeting, or at any of their annual Meetings, shall order, direct, and appoint; and the said Rates or Assessrnems shall be signed by any five of the said Trustees, and shall be paid quarterly.

IX. Provided always, That no Rate or Assessment directed to be made as aforesaid shall exceed in the Whole the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, That all Persons who occupy Tenements under the yearly Value of six Pounds improved Rent, and who subsist only by their manual Labour, and do not keep an open Shop for the Sale of Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, shall be freed and exempted from the Payment of the said Rates, or any Part thereof; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of (hem, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint for that Purpose, shall be and they are hereby appointed Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act; and the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorised, impowered,.and required, to collect and levy the same accordingly: And for the better enabling such Collector or Collectors to collect the said Rates or Assessments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to execute all such Warrants of Distress as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex against any Person or Persons neglecting or refuting to pay the said Rates or Assessments, in the same Manner, and as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor* by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute Warrants of Distress granted by Justices of the Peace.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Collector or Collectors, and each of them, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make up and render upon Oath to the said Trustees, or any five or mere of them, at some publick. Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, as often as thereunto required determined by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, a full, true, and perfect Account, in Writing, of all Monies collected and received by him or thepi by virtue of this Act, and of all Monies rated or assessed and not received; and to pay over the Monies so by him or them collected and received, and remaining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, prerent at any such publick Meeting, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same; to be applied for lighting and watching the said Hamlet, and the several other Purposes of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof: And if the said Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to give in a just Account as aforesaid, or to pay the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in Manner as aforesaid, he and they shall be subject and liable to such and the like Punishment as Overseers of the Poor are, for Offences of the like Sort, subject and liable to.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons so rated or assessed, or charged or chargeable, and made liable as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Rate or Assessment to the Collector or Collectors for the Space of three Days after personal Demand thereof made, or Demand in Writing left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Middlesex, upon Oath (which Oath he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) of such Demand, and Non-payment, by Warrant, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals (which he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to grant), to authorise and direct the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Rate, or Money so in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges attending the same, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person and Persons so in Arrear, and neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, on Demand thereof being made by such Owner or Owners.

XIV. And, for the more effectual levying the Money rated and assessed for the several Purposes of this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person rated or assessed as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall and may be distrained in Manner

aforesaid,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

aforesaid, not only in the said Hamlet where such Rate or Assessment was made, but in any other Place in the County of Middlesex; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, then upon Oath thereof made before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand of the said Justice or Justices of the Warrant made for such Distress), the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing or neglecting to pay shall be subject and liable to such Distress in such other County, City, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall be found, and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, he distrained and fold, in the same Manner as it the same had been found within the said Hamlet of Highgate,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and 01 ay be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall judge fit and necessary, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to compound with, or in Part or wholly to remit, to any Person or Persons so rated or alftlfed as aforesaid, and who shall or may at any Time hereafter, on account of his, her, or their Poverty, Disability, or Distress be exempted from or excused the Payment of the Church and Poor's Rates, or either of them, in the said Hamlet, all such Sum or Sums of Money which he or they shall be so rated or afleifed as aforesaid, when and as often as it shall from Time to Time be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, that such Person or Persons, so rated or a Hefied as aforesaid, is or are, on account of such his, her, or their Poverty, Distress, or Inability, real and proper Objects of such Compofuion or Exemption.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates and Assessments shall embezzle, detain, or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so collected by him, so that the same cannot be recovered from him; or shall be possessed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him collected by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be paid or recovered from his Executors or Administrators for the Space of forty Days after his Death; then, and in every such Case, all such Sums of Money shall be raised by a new Rate or Airdlfnent, to be made for that Purpose on the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, and shall be collected and levied in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are hereinbefore provided for the collecting and levying the Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may be forthwith raised to defray the Expences of lighting and watching the said Hamlet/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, at Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum tier Annum \ and to assign over by Writing, signed by any five or more of the said Trustees, all or any rart of the said Rates or Assessments, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed; and all such Securities may from Time to Time be assigned and transferred by Indorsement, or otherwise; and fuc h Alignments and Transfers shall intitle the Person to whom the same shall be made to all Principal and Interest Money due, and to grow due, upon such Securities.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Securities for any Money to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be Hi the following Words, or Words to the following Effect:

4 HY virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty Kinf* George the Third, 4 aJ For Lighting and Watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex, We 4 of the Trustees, do assign to A. J3. his Executors,

4 Administrators, and Aligns, in Consideration of the Sum of from this

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

until the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments, to be rated or afr sessed by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the Credit of the same.'

327

Trustees may compound nr remit the Rate to Person9 unable to f i.)*

How Rates may

be ma le good if Collectors detain or misapply Money.

Trustees I-n-. powernl tabor* row Money, not exceed jig 5001.

and may assign the Rate* as a Sccuriy.

Form of Seen* rity.

And Copies of all such Securities shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Copies of Se-Glerk to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed after such first Meeting, unless Notice for cti" bf that Purpose be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Chapel Door of the said Hamlet at Icaft fourteen p"r*£c 4 Days before the borrowing thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities may. Securities shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be inti tied to the Money thereby secured. may from beaiiigned. Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest. or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by proper Words of Assignment, to be inJorfed on the Back of such Security, in the Presence of one credible Witness; which Transfer or Assignment shall be in the follow- ing Words, or Words to the like Effect;

4 T DO transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby fe- Form of Assign*, 4: I cured, unto his (or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: In Witness ment*

whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

4 Witness C. /. A. B:

Which said Transfer or Assignment shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, who £,erk to rra* shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made of such Assignment or Transfer, containing the Dates,*

Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerkflull be paid such Sum as=the said Trustees, or.any five or more of them, shall appoint, not'

exceeding.

328

C. 43.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A. I>. 1775

Money borrowed

to be charged on the Rater.

Trustees Power* with respect to lighting,

and appointing Watchmen, &c.

Supenrifor* of Watchnaen to be appointed, &c.

Person* wilfully breaking Lam pa, &c. Co forfeit 00». for every Offence, and make good the p>m^r

On Nonpayment to be committed.

How Person* breaking Lamp* by Carelessness, &c. may be punished.

rusteei may

contract for lighring the Hamlet, &c.

exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and after such Entry made, and not till then, such Af-signment shall intitle such Assignee, his or her Executors* Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so touts quoties\ and it uiall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons making such Alignment to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on such Rates or Assessments in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing such Monies, or the Dates of such Assignments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced? and lent, and the Interest thereof shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid* and payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more, of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, cause the said Hamlet to be lighted for such Time and Times, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as they, or any five or more of them* shall judge proper and convenient; and shall and may also appoint such Number of able-bodied Men (to be armed and clothed in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct) to be employed as Watchmen in the Night-time for the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, and to attend from Time to Time, and at such Times and Places, and to perform-such Duty as the said Trustees* or any five or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint; and the said Trustees shall also appoint two proper Persons to be Supervisors of such Watchmen, which Persons so to be appointed Supervisors shall be and are hereby impowered to ait as Constables for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Exe* cution; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may remove any or all such Watchmen and Supervisors from Time to Time* as they shall see Cause, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed; and shall and may apply so much of the said Rates or Assessments, ot of the Money to be borrowed or raised on the Credk thereof* as shall be necessary for the several Purposes aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or* damage any of the Lamps that shall be set up for lighting the said Hamlet, or shall wilfully exdnguifti the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons- or other Furniture thereof, it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fee such Offence committed to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in Seizing the Offender or Offenders, asid by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex\ and* such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching, fiwh Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid* either by his, her, or their own Can-session, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the Trustees for the Time being, the Sum of twenty Shillings, one Moiety ta go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be applied to the Purposes of this Act ;.and shall also make Satisfaction to the said Trustees* or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done, as aforesaid: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for the said County of Middlesex, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall have been so committed, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, and Satis-faition, shall be sooner paid and given.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any of the Lamps so to be set up as aforesaid, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto;

then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, upon Complaint made to him by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Person or Persons who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as last mentioned; and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs upon both Sides, or upon the Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of ajid summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal^f the Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within three Days after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, the Surplus (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale to be paid to him, her, or them on Demand.

XXIII. And, for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time,- if they think fit, to contrail with any fit Person or Persons for lighting the said Hamlet; all which Contracts shall specify the Number of Lamps to be set up, and how long, and in what Manner, the same shall be kept burning, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Penalties to be fuftcred in case of Non-performance of such Contrail or Contrails 5 and the same shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works* and the said Trustees, or any five or

more

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

3*9

Perform cn'ermf into Contrafts, and nor fulfilling the hme, Isay fcefecd.

Lampe, ire,

verted in the Trustees,

All Bu fine fa t» he done at puh* lick Meetings*

more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, for such respective Works as they shall so contract and agree for, out of any of the Rates or Assessments which shall be made, raised, or collected by virtue of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons who shall enter into such Contract with the said Trustees for performing any of the Works before mentioned, and who shall not well and sufficiently perform the same according to the true Tenor and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not finish and complete the Work within the Time or Times that the lame is agreed to be completed by the said Contract or Contracts; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, in the Names of any two or more of them, to bring an Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against any Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, and who shall neglect to perform such Contract or Contracts* and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained In any such Contract or Contracts* and on proving the signing such Contract or Contracts, and Nonperformance thereof, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be intitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, and the same, when recovered, shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Right and Property of all Lamps, Lamp-irons, and other Furniture thereof, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case shall require), against any Person or Persons who shall break, spoil, injure, damage, (leal, take, or carry away, any of the said Lamps, Lamp-irons, or other Furniture.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are impowered to do any Ad whatsoever by virtue of this Act, the same shall be done at some publick Meeting of the said Trustees to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and whenever it shall happen at any such Meeting that there shall be an Equality of Votes of the said Trustees then present, the Chairman in every such Case shall have the casting Vote.

XXVII. Provided always, That two Trustees shall be sufficient to meet for the Purpose of Adjourn- Two Treflew ment only: And in case it shall at any Time happen that no Adjournment of the Trustees shall be made may adjourn, according to the Directions of this Act 5 that then, and in every such Case, as often as it shall.so happen, it *!ow to pfocee* shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to meet at any House or Place jncafeof no Ad* within the said Hamlet, ten Days Notice in Writing being first affixed upon the Chapel Door of the said Journn‘enu Hamlet, appointing the Time and Place of such Meeting; and the said^Trustees, or any five or more of

them, shall and they are hereby authorised and impowered to meet pursuant to such Notice, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time adjourn to such Time and Place as they shall think fit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful -for any Trustee appointed, or Trtffteejfrtioir*

to be appointed, to put this Act in Execution, who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the; £7,1?

County of Middlesex, to act as a Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, for putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities granted by this Act, notwithstanding his being a Trustee.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the second Monday next after the passing thereof.

XaX. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment,

Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act Imposed or incurred, for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex; which Warrants such Justices are heceby impowered and required to issue upon the Information of one or more Witness or Witness'es upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer-without Fee or Re-

ward); and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrahied and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduded, shall go and be applied to and fqr such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think fit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall notwithstanding be obliged to pay such Rate or Assessment, and then upon an Appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, next after the Payment of such Rate or Assessment, or next after making the Distress for such Rate or Assessment (fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal having been given to the said Trustees), it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major. Part of them then assembled, to cause so much Money to be returned to the Appellant or Appellants as shall appear to the said Justices to have been overpaid by such Appellant or Appellants respectively, and to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and also if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved determined by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, he, she, or they may appeal as aforesaid-, within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and it shall and mny be lawful for the said Justices, or the major Part of them assembled in such Sessions, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem rcaionable $ and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded

as such, for the Purposes of his Act,

Commencement of the Act. Writings not TO be charged with Sump duty.

How Pens Hies

and Forfeiture* may be recovered and applied.

Perfjiw aggrie* ed may appeal tt the Quarter Sef» fiow.

33°

Determinations of the Justices to be final.

How Expence of Prosecutioni sre to be paid.

Proceeding* not to be qoarshed for Want of Form, ndr removeahte by Certiorari*

Ho Pfilatiff to recover if Tender of Amend* be made*

limitation of Actiaot*

Central Iffite,

Treble Cot*. Publick Act

PreimMe,

ACX 13 Geo. UK

C. 44. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding the reasonable Charges of every such Disti Vs and Sale 5 all which Determinations of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned.

X^XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered* at any publick Meeting, front Time to Time, to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit effectually to carry on Prosecutions for Offences committed against this Act; and that in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted for any Offence committed against this Act under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, that then the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at some publick Meeting as aforesaid, shall, out of the Monies arising by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, or out of the Money that shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, allow and pay to the Prosecutor so much as the Costs allowed by Law shall fall short of reimbursing him his just and reasonable Expences: And that if any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Rule, or Order of Court, shall be brought, commenced, prosecuted, or obtained, against any of the said Trustees, or any of their Collectors or other Officers, for any Thing done or acted by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; that then, and in every such Case, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, shall, out of the Money arising by any of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, or out of the Money that shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, allow and pay to such Trustee or Trustees, their Collectors or other Officers, all such reasonable Costs, Charge^ and Expences, as they, or any of them, shall or may sustain or be put unto by reason or means thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, judgment, or other Proceeding to be had or made in pursuance of this Act, shall be auashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by thys Ad, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Want of Form in or Defedof the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the foecial Damages in an Action upon the Case.

XXXV. Provided alwkys, nevertheless. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity as aforesaid, Trefbafs, or other wrongful Proceeding, by virtue of this Act, if Tender of Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall or may commit, or cause to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Iffiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; ani< shall be judicially taken Notice of at such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially. pleading the same.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Moneys to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner an A upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as obliges the said Company to export annually Goods and Merchandises of the Growth, Product, or Manufadui'e of Great Britain to their Settlements in the East Indies to a certain Value.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign W of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Moneys to be raised 1 by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by. which the said. 4 Company are required to export annually, during the Term of two Years, Goods and Merchandises,

of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain to the British Settlements within the Limits

prescribed by the said Company's Charter, for their carrying on an exclusivn Trade in the East Indies*

G( ^le

33t

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 45.

or elsewhere, to a certain Value, should be continued for a further Time;* be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during the Term of three Years, to be computed from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one After m, thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the said United Company, or their Successors, mall, and are lndl*

hereby required to export from Great Britain, in each and every Year, during such Term, to the British porTcoo^tT* Settlements within the Limits prescribed by the said Company's Charter, for their carrying on an exclusive certain Amount, Trade in the East Indies^ or elsewhere, upon the Account of the said Company, or their Successors, in tothcBriu/h. their Course of Trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their Servants or private Traders licensed by Settlement* in the said Company, or their Successors, such Goods and Merchandises, of the Growth, Produce, or Ma-nufadure of Great Britain, as shall amount in Value to the Sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds in each and every such Year; but the Amount of the Value of the Mili- Military and tary and Naval Stores so exported shall not be esteemed or reckoned as Part of the said Sum of three hun- Nav.#I ®t®r? dred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds per Annum; and the said Company, or their comply tVgito Successors, shall, on or before the first Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nx, and on security of6 or before the first Day of 7»xr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and on or before the first Double the Sum Day of Junt) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his mentioned, for Heirs and Successors, under the Common Seal of the said Company, or of their Successors, in the penal ^5 Export* Sum of Double the said Sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, for uc*

the due Exportation of the Taid Goods and Merchandises annually, to the Amount of the said Sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, according to the real Value of such Gqods and Merchandises in this Kingdom at the Time of such Exportation, or of the Purchase thereof, by or on the Behalf of the said Company, or their Successors $ which Security the High Treasurer or the Trtafcrcr, Are* Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of such Commissioners, *° e.lketlieSe* is or are hereby authorised to take; and the said Company, or their Successors, shall, on or before the Amount to be thirty-first Day of Octoberj one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and on or before the thirty-first yearly. Day of October% one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and on or before the thirty-first Day of signea by two October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, deliver to the said High Treasurer or Commif- Di«ott, of the sioners, an Account in Writing, signed by two or more of the Directors of the said Company for the 9®od, export^,» Time being, specifying the particular Goods and Merchandises which shall have been so exported in every such Year, in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, with the said true and real Values of such Goods and Merchandises, with the Names of the Ships in which the same were respectively so exported; and which Account shall be verified on Oath, made before any one Justice of to be verifies opi the Peace (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), by the proper Of- 0110alu ficers or Servants of the said Company, or their Successors, who shall, keep their Books for the £ntry of Goods outwards, to the best of their Knowledge: And if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said High ®0B*i to be Se« Treasurer or Commissioners, that Goods and Merchandises shall nave been agreeably to the Directions of this Act exported as aforesaid in the respective Year, in relation where to each Bond shall have been so r

given; then, in each and every such Case, the said High Treasurer or Commissioners shall cause such Bond to be delivered up; but in case no such Account shall be delivered, as herein-before mentioned, or if it botifothenrife^ shall appear that the said Goods and Merchandises exported within the Term mentioned in any such Bond such Bond* to be shall not have amounted to any such Value as aforesaid, or that any such Account shall appear not to be pfoftoitod. truly made, it shall and may be lawful for the said High Treasurer or Commissioners to cause each and every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law, unless he or they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Company, or pooS* exported their Successors, shall in any one of the said three Years export, or cause to be exported, such Goods and la oae Year Merchandises, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exceeding in Value the Sum obove the vdoe of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds; then, and in such Case, the said Exceft shall from Time to Time be taken into the Account of the Exports of such Goods and [hefaMwtog Merchandises by the said Company, or their Successors, in and for the the next succeeding Year and shall Yssib^" be allowed and considered as Part thereof. j

CAP. XLV.

An Act for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements necessary for his Majesty's Forces,

J>aid out of his Majesty's Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported rom thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve, and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time.

WHEREAS a Part of his Majesty's Forces, which are paid out of his Majesty's Revenues arising PretaU*

in the Kingdom of Ireland (the Difference between British and Irish Pay only excepted), do now serve, and may hereafter be ordered to serve, out of the said Kingdom; and it is highly reasonable and fit that the Cloathine and Accoutrements necessary for such Forces should be allowed to be exported from Ireland to the Place where they shall so servemay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and After Aug. s, by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August^ one thousand seven hundred *775* and seventy-five, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons inhabiting in the said Kingdom of expect*

Ireland* to export dixedly from thence any Cloathing or other Accoutrements, being the Produce and cloathing/ae.

- U u a Manufacture from these*, for

332

the Use of his Majesty's Troops abroad on Irish Pay, being British or Irish Manufacture. Makers of Ships to produet Certificates to the proper Officers, that the Shipper had duly exported such Cluathujj,

Oa. Failure of such Certificate, the VefiH to be forfeited, &c.

After Jan. T, 1776, an additional Bounty of 5«. per Hogs-head fora Years, above the present v Bounty, to be nMowedy on Flax Seed imported into Ireland.

Receiver General of the Customs in England to pay the said Bounty to Importers, on their producing a Certificate from the Collector, &c. where such Flax Seed was imported.

If any Agent of

a Regiment, &c. grant a fallc Certificate,

or erase or counterfeit any Certificate, such Person shall forfeit 5001.

How Forfeitures are to be appl ed, and where to be fiied (w.

[Preamble.]

Act x 1 Geo. III.

C. 46. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, for the Use of the said Troops or Forces (paid in Manner before mentioned), to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of his Majesty's Forts or Gac-rifons, or to any Foreign Country, upon his Majesty's Service, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, or other Person taking Charge of the Ship or Vessel, shall produce to the Collector or proper Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Cloathing and Accoutrements shall be shipped, or intended to be shipped, for Exportation, and also to the Collector or proper Officer of the Customs in the Colony or Plantation where he shall arrive, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Governor in Ireland (which Certificate such Governor is hereby required to grant without Fee or Reward), that Oath had been made by the Shipper of such Cloathing or Accoutrements, before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Province from whence such Cloathing and Accoutrements shall be exported, that such Articles (expressing the Number, Quantity^ and Species of the same) are of the Product and Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; and that it has been made appear to his Satisfaction, by a Certificate from the Agent to the Regiment, or Person properly authorised to provide the same, that such Articles are really and bona fide designed for the Use of his Majesty's Troops and Forces, paid in Manner before mentioned, and then employed in such Colony or Plantation, or in such Forts, Garrisons, or Foreign Country, as aforesaid, in his Majesty's Service; and on Failure of producing such Certificate from such Chief Governor, such Cloathing or other Accoutrements found on Board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Vessel importing the same, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited in the same Manner as they would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, a Premium or Bounty of five Shillings per Hogshead is now allowed and paid out of the Revenue of that Kingdom, upon the Importation of Flax Seed, which Bounty is not at this Time Efficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby 5 and it is expedient that some further Encouragement should 4-be given, for a limited Time, to induce the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland, in order to promote and encourage the Linen Manufactures of that Kingdom;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, for and during the Space of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a further Bounty of five Shillings per Hogshead shall be allowed for all Flax Seed imported into the Kingdom of Ireland; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England) or any four or more of them, to order the said Bounty hereby granted to be paid by the Receiver General of the Customs, out of any Money in his Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management, to the Importer or Importers of such Flax Seed, or to his or their Assigns duly authorised to receive the same,* upon his or their producing a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port in Ireland where such Flax Seed was imported and landed, certifying the Number of Hogsheads so landed, with the Name of the Ship and Master in which, and the Place from whence, and by whom, and at what Time, the same was imported; and that the Bounty granted, by the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, made in Ireland, had been paid and allowed for the same.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Agent of any Regiment* or Person authorised to provide the before-mentioned Cloathing and Accoutrements, or any Officer of the Customs, shall give or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every such Certificate shall be invalid and of no Effect; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall fuc or prosecute for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in any Court of Admiralty haying Juiifuidion in his Majesty's Colonies or Islands respectively where the Offence shall be committed. '

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within tbs Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

WHEREAS in dnd by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into tlx fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said Rivery certain Provisions and Regulations were established for the Preservation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the said River Tweed: And whereas the said Provisions and Regulations have proved very beneficial to the Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the said River, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and have greatly contributed to the Preservation of the Fish therein; But whereas several Incon-V s - veniencies

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 333

veniencies and Defecta have occurred in the Execution of the said Act;' for Remedy whereof, and in order to amend and render the said Act more effectual, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twelfth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and After May 13* seventy-nve, if any Person or Persons shall fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, m >775» the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead,

Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tii'ced, at any Time or Times between the r^7Tweed tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January in any Year, or between Ten of the Clock on Satur- *c. between* day Night and Two of the Clock on Monday Morning; or shall, at any Time or Times after the said 00. 10, and twelfth Day of May> fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, within the Mouth or Jan-.,0> ^all Entrance of the said River Tweed; every such Person or Persons so fishing shall, for every such Offence, o.Tence forfeit any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of Ceed?ngi®1.nir the Justice or Sheriff-depute by whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, together with the left than 40*1. Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and all other Devices made use of in fishing for any such Fish; and all *nd the Boats, such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices, so forfeited, shall be cut to Pieces, burnt, or New, &c. to fee otherwise destroyed, by the Direction of the Justice or Sheriff-depute by whom such Offender or Offenders deftr0Jtd* shall be convicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ring Net, Bob Net, or any Nets or Engine* other Engine or Device whatsoever, shall be placed in the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, f°und the Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said ?^cr,^c tobf River Tweedy at any Time or Times between the said tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January c ro*

in any Year (the Placer or Setter of which Ring Net, Bob Net, or other Engine or Device, is unknown and cannot be found), it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to seize the same, and with all convenient Speed to carry the same before any Justice of the Peace, or Sheriff-depute, for the Liberty or Place where the said Net, Engine, or other Device, shall have been found standing; and if, upon due Proof made thereof, the said Net or Nets, Engine, or other Device^ shall be found by the said Justice or Sheriff-depute to have been placed in the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweedy contrary to the Intent and Meaning of the said former and this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Sheriff-depute to cause the same in his Presence to be cut to Pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twelfth Day of May, if any Person or Per- P«Ton*!nwfcole

fons shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whit- Custody any Sailing, at any Time or Times between the tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January^ in any Sai^be found* Year, the Proof that such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, was not taken or killed within the rfurin^tteTime said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice aforesaid, to or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, between the said tenth Day of October and the prove that the tenth Day of January, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Sal- was not mon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, shall be found, between the said tenth Day of October and the Tweed" 1 tenth Day of January, or otherwise such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, or Whitling, shall be deemed, otherwise fCeh within the Meaning of the said former Act, to have been taken or killed in the said River Tweedy or in Fish toai* be some River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in some Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which com- deemed to have municates with the said River Tweed; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Fish m#

shall be so found, within the Time aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, and be liable to the same Penalty or the PeVlint

Penalties which he or they would have forfeited and paid, and would have been liable to by virtue of the be jiab|c tVthe said former Act, in case he or they had taken or killed such Fish in the said River Tweedy or in some River, Penalties by the Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in some Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with former Act* the said River Tweedy between the said tenth Day of October and the tenth Day of January.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace within that Part of Great Britain caljed Justices,&c.nny

Enrlandy the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, and all Justices of the « such t noc-Peace, or Sheriffs-depute, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may act as Justices of the Peace, or Sheriffs-dcpute respectively, in the Execution of the said former or this present Act, for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where any Offender or Offenders against the said former or tl\is Fisherie*. present Act shall be or reside, notwithstanding such Justices or Sheri ffs-depute are interested in the Fish-tries of the said River Tweed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction and Convictions, Ad- Cotm&Ioni judication and Adjudications, of all and every Offender or Offenders against this Act, within that Part of Offender* to be Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, shall Cer',sted by, he be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom the same shall be made, to the next £xt Quarters°*f. General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place where the Offender shall be

convicted, and shall be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and such Conviction and Adjudication shall be in the following Form of Words, or to the like Effect (that is to say):

Tow-lt tc BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

'V 13. a.b. was, upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before me,

4 Dr us, specifying the Offence J in pursuance of an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, For amending and rendering more effectual an Arty passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign y intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River

Form of Conviction.

334

C. 47.

C*r!&Ion to be valid, and not removeable by Certiorari

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered.

Power*, &c. of the former Act extended to this

Limitation of Adiolii

Ceaeral Iffbc#

Treble Cofir.)

Limitation of Actonain Scot-

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

4 Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the feud River: And he is hereby adjudged to have forfeited for the said Offence the Sum of

4 Given under my [or our] Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals, as the Case shall happen], the Day and Year above written/

Which said Conviction and Adjudication shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, fist aiide, or judged void or insufficient, for want of Form only; and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Ourt of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be recovered and levied in the same Manner, before the same Justices or sheriffs-depute respectively, and within the said Time, and with the same Power of Appeal, as any Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by the said former A£} can or may be recovered or levied by virtue thereof; and that all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, contained in the said former Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend and shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same weie herein again repeated and re-enacted; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to set aside or repeal any Penalties imposed by the said former Act, for Offences committed against the said former Act*

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England^ the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action; and that every Action brought for any Thing done, or to be done, as aforesaid, shall be brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue hereof; and if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the same Was brought before the Expiration of fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen; or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; that then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And in all Cases where any Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the same, after the defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall nave treble Cons, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same, as Defendants have for recovering their Costs In other Cases by Law.

VIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said former Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Action shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or afloilzied from the Action, shall have and be intitled to their full Costs of Suit*

---

[Publick Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it may be proper that a Playhouse should be licensed in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Clause in Act 10 Geo II. repealed, with respect to Manchester.]

That so much of an Act of Parliament, which passed in the tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent;") as discharges all Persons from representing any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence from the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is rending for the Time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed with respect to the said Town of Manchester:

[His Majesty, &c. may grant Letters Patent for establishing a Playhouse in Manchester.]

And that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse within the said Town of Manchester; which Theatre or Playhouse shall be intitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 48. 333

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, For laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped, for Salt) within the Town of Anstruther Easter, and Liberties thereof.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint A a n Geo. II.

of Beer and Ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in% or tapped for Sale, within the Town of wcite4*

Anstruther Easter, and Liberties thereof), an Imposition or Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and above the Duty of Excise paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors), was granted and laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer that should be either brewed,

brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town of Anstruther Easter, or the Liberties thereof, and the said Duty is directed to be applied to the Purposes, and levied in the Manner, mentioned in the said Act; and which is declared to take place, and to have Continuance only, from and after the first Day

of August, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, for and during the Term of twenty-five Years, 0

and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Purposes for which the said

4 Duty* was granted are not yet completed, and the aforesaid Act being now almost expired, a Pro long a-

tion of the same would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Burgh of Anstruther Easter

and to the Publick \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may. be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern- ,

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That the and father con*

Imposition or Duty, granted and made payable by the said recited Act, upon Ale and Beer, that shall be tiauedforag-

cither brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town of Anstruther Easter% or Liberties Y4ar*

thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said Act, be further continued,

raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable, to the Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough

of Anstruther Easter, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Assigns, or to such Col*

leftors or Receivers as shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this present Act, be by them, or'

the major Part of them, appointed and impowered, for the Use and Behoof of the said Borough, for the*

further Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par—

liament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Imposition or Duty shall,* during the additional Term granted by this Act, be raised, levied, and collected, from the same Persons, and by the same Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied, to and for the same Uses and Purposes; and that the said Magistrates and Town Council of the said Borough of Anstruther Easter be and continue Trustees for such Application, with the same Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Directions, as are mentioned and prescribed in the said recited Act; and that the said Act, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained,

shall be of the same Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for railing, collecting,.securing, and levying, the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the same for the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act, so far as these are not already executed, for and duriflg the additional Term of Years for which the (lime are hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if th6 last recited Act was particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act* except as is herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of No Brewer wfth-this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, it shall not be lawful for any Brewer or Seller of °«t^e Borough Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said Borough of Anstruther Easter% and Liberties thereof, to import or fell any Beer or Ale into or in the said Borough, or Liberties thereof, vinless he, she, or they, do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of the said Borough, or their Collector of the said Duty, at his Office, and agree to be subjected to and charged with the Payment of the said Duty, for all the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, livingor carrying on his, her, or their Brewery without the said Borough and Liberties thereof $ and that every such Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, who shall import or fell any Ale or Beer into or in the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, without having given such previous Notice, and agreed, as aforesaid, being thereof

duly convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the reace, shall be charged with and liable to the Payment of the said Duty to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Borough, or their Collector, for all Ale and Beer brewed by him, her, or them, for the Space of twelve Months immediately preceding his, her, or their committing such Offence, and in all Times thereafter during the Continuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That besides the Remedies and Execution Besides tbs Rs*

Kanted and provided by the said recited Act, for levying, recovering, and making effectual, the several. medie* famerir ates. Duties, and Impositions, hereby granted and continued, the said Provost, Magistrates, and Town ,.4f3r"

Council, and their Collectors, shall, from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during jj* the Continuance thereof, be intitled to use all such other Methods, Remedies, and Execution, against the 7 Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rates, Duties, and Impafitions* as is competent by the Law of Scotland to the Magistrates and Town Council, of Royal Boroughs, and their Collectors, fox recovering the ordinary Revenues of such Burghs«~

Tbt aforesaid Duty, during the additional Terra, to be raised and applied in the same Manner, and the Magi*

A rates, &c. to continue Tru£» tee», with the same Powertj&c. as are granted in the former Act,

may bring in Beer, &c. for Sale, unlcfj he gire previous Notice, and agree to pay the Duty,.

Penalty tot of* fending.

medy ct by the Law of Scotland may ufeL

33& C. 49, 50, 51. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Persons IDODint* V A M J Ua 1 Itn A (mm an/] off An A n n A! nn r *V>

Persons ippoint-rd to be Overseers of the Dufy, &c. by this Act.

ProToft, Bailiet, &c. to makeup Accounts annually,

and to give Notice of the Meeting of the Overseers, and that the Account if deposited in the Town Clerk* Office, &c.

Publick Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present Act, Sir John Anflruther of Anstruther Baronet, Philip Anflruther the younger of Anstruther Esquire* John Anflruther Esquire, second Son to Sir John Anstruther Baronet, Robert Fall Esquire, John Lumjdaine of Blanairn Esquire, and Andrew Johnston of Rennayhill Esquire, the Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Time being for the District of Boroughs whereof Anstruther Easter is one, or any three or more of them, shall be and are hereby appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, in Place and Stead of the Overseers appointed by the above recited Act; and shall have, and are hereby veiled with the same Powers, and under the same Regulations, as are in and by the said above-recited Act granted and given to the said former Overseers, as well as all the other Powers hereby made and given, any Thing in the said former Act or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the rrovoft, Baillies, and Council, of the said Town of Anstruther Easter, and their Successors for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to (late and make up, annually, to the twenty-fourth Day of June in each Year, an Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, under and by virtue of the said recited and of this present Act, and to leave and deposit the Account, so annually dated and made up (signed and certified by the Provod or elded Baillie for the Time being), at the Office of the Town Clerk of the said Borough of Anstruther Easter, open for the Inspection of every Person having an Intered in the same, three Weeks at lead before the fird Wednesday of August in every Year and also to give cdidlal Notices, in the usual Manner, at the Church Door of Anstruther Easter, on each of the two Sundays immediately, preceding the fird Wednesday of August in every Year, for the annual Meeting upon such fird Wednesday of August respectively of the Overseers by this Act appointed, and with Notice of the Depositation at the Town Clerk's Office of the Account for the preceding Year open for the Inspection of the said Overseers, and of every other Person having an Intered in the same,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be deemed and held to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts of Great Britain, and by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for taking down the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Fulbourne, and County of Cambridge \ and for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Church of Saint rigors in the said Town.

CAP. L.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesext to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. LI.

An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that Part o(Great Britain called England.

Piwn.tlc.

'WHEREAS various Notes, Bills of Exchange, and Draughts for Money for very small Sums, have for some Time pad been circulated or negotiated in lieu of Cash within that Part of Great Britain called England, to the great Prejudice of Trade and Publick Credit; and many of such Bills and Draughts being payable under certain Terms and Restrictions, which the poorer Sort of Manufacturers, 4 Artificers, Labourers, and others, cannot comply with otherwise than by being subject to great Ex- tortion and Abuse be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-After June 24, frmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange, 17Jior ^NotcT or Oughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, being negotiable or transferable, for the Payment of any Sum &c. for Jets than or Sums of Money less than the Sum of twenty Shillings in the Whole, which shall be made or issued at ,oi. 10 be of iw> any Time from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, Lffcft. shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, absolutely void and of no Efiedt, any Law, Statute,

Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Persons utterinf j[, And jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Biiu^Tie^ Time or Times from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-tlia* 20s. &c. five, by any Art, Device, or Means whatsoever, publish or utter any such Notes, Bills, Draughts, or dull lorfeit not Engagements, as aforesaid, fora less Sum than twenty Shillings, or on which less than the Sum of twenty exceeding zo 1. Shillings shall be due, and which shall be in any wise negotiable, or shall negotiate the same; every such nor Uu iLan 51. person frail forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor left than five Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following (that is so say);

Form of Con-TltOvO,

J?E it remembered. That on the,) A.B. having appeared before

Day of in the Year of our Lord

me, or us, one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace (as tie Cash maybe) for the County, Riding, Diilri^t, Division, City, Borough, or Town (as the Case may

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 337

be), and due Proof having been made, upon Oath, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or

‘ by Confession of the Party (as the Case may be), is convicted of 1 (fPcclfy 'luS the Offence).

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid.*

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly written over upon Parchment, and Conviction to be returned to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, Riding, District, Division, returned to the City, Borough, or Town, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to "cxt GeJer*1 remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, Distrhft, Division, City, Borough, or V£arter Sdhom. Town.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Clerks of the lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, District, Division, City, Borough, or Town, Peace to give Co*, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to pie* of Convic-cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this tion'f °n Pa*-Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such mc0 1* Copy,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures Person*convia-hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the ed forthwith to Person convicted, as follows; one Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the P*y

Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed: And in case such Person shall refuse ^wthey wet# or neglect to pay the same* or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, be applied, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause Jncafeofite-the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs fufaitop*y,m»j and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which bjr said Warrant of Distress the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the Manner and Form 1 rc following; (that is to say,)

i To the Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman of

‘ Wf WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of is this Day Form of the

convicted before me, or us, one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace (as the Case may be) Warrant for the County of or for the Riding of the County of York, or for the

‘Town, Liberty, or District of (as the Case may be), upon the Oath of

‘or a credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party

‘ (as the Case may be), for that the said A.B. hath (here set forth, the Offence), contrary to the Statute in ‘ that Case made and provided, by reason whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of ‘ # to be distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay: These are

‘ therefore, in his Majesty's Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of

‘ by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of him the said A.B.; and if within the Space of five Days next ‘ after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking the ‘ fame, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out ‘ of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay one Half of j)ie said Sum of

‘to of who informed me, or us, (as the Case shall be)

‘ of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said Sum of to the Overseer

‘ of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Overplus rtf any) upon Demand to the said A.B. the reasonable

Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress being first deduced 5 and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said Sum of

‘ that then you certify the same to me, or us (as the Case shall be), together with

this Warrant.

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals) the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to Offender m*y be order such Offender to be detained in safe Custody, until Return may conveniently be had and made tp detained inCuf-such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said Justice or Justices, on such Days as shall be securityUfor hh appointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Distress (such Appearance be-Day not exceeding five Days from the taking of such Security); which Security the said Justice or Justices fore the justice. is and are hereby impowered to take by way of Recognizance, or otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon such Return no sufficient fno Distresscan

Distress can be had, then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Of- be had, oftemffender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where e"todbtcom* the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall ^runill

be sooner paid; or until such Offender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice be given Notice to the Informer, that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General of an intention Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be to »rPw,» &c* committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Justice or Justices, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the

338

Justices, on Proof of Notice given, to proceed in a summarjr Way, and their Determination to be final. Note*, Bills of Exchange, Scc, issued before Tone *4, 1775, for left than not. to be payable on Demand. If Persona refuse Payment of such Bills, &c. for three Days,

Justices, on Complaint of the Holders, may 1. summon them,

and on their Appearance or Default, &c. shall proceed to determine the Complaint, and award Payment, and such Costs, as to such Justices shall ft cm meet.

On Refofal to pay, Sum and Costs to be levied by Distress.

No Proceedings for enforcing Payment, &c. to be quashed for want of Form, &c.

No Person to be proceeded against unlefa Information be made on Oath before a Justice. JLimitation of Anions.

Central Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

Continuance of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

C. 51. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Justices at such Quarter Sessions (which Notice of Appeal being not less than four Days before the Trial thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby impowered to give); and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and every such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money less than the Sum of twenty Shillings, apd being negotiable or transferable, as shall have issued previous to the said twenty-fourth Day of June, shall be, syid they are hereby declared and adjudged to be, payable upon Demand > any Terms, Restrictions, or Conditions, therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person liable to the Payment of any of such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as last aforesaid, shall cegleft or fail to make full Payment in Money of the Sum or Sums for which such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, shall be respectively given or issued, or so much thereof as shall be or remain due thereon respectively, by the Space of three Days after Demand thereof made by the Holder or Holders of such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding* City, Division, or Place, where the Person or Persons respectively so refilling to pay any of such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as last aforesaid, shall or may happen to be or reside, and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required, upon Complaint made by the Holder or Holders thereof, to summon the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made; and after his, her, or their Appearance, or in Default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath (and which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered to admrmfter), of such Summons or Warning having been

fiven, such Justice or Justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and award such urn to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively liable to the Payment of every such Note, Bill of Exchange, Draught, or Undertaking, in Writing, to the Holder or Holders thereof, as shall appear to such Justice or Justices to be due thereon, together with such a Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay or satisfy such Sum of Money, as upon such Complaint as aforesaid shall be adjudged, upon the same being demanded, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

X. Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or for enforcing Payment of such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings, in Writing, as aforesaid, as have issued previous to the passing of this Act, with Costs as aforesaid, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari* or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of fiis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XI. Provided also, That no Person shall be proceeded against for any of the Offences against this Act as aforesaid, unless Information shall be ftiade thereof upon Oath before some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Offence shall be committed, within twenty Days after such Offence shall be committed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought within the County where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as afore-mentioned, then the Jury shall fin8 for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfutt, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force only for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be.taken and allowed to be a Publick Act in all Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5

339

CAP. LII.

An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by. his present Majesty to William Cookworthy of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a.Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion of Bristol%

Merchant, (to whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution for the Benefit of the Publick.

WHEREAS his present Majesty King George the Third hath been graciously pleased to graht his PrtimVlei Royal Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to William Cookworthy Chymist, in the Words or to the Effect following $ that is to say,

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, znA Ireland, King, Defender His Majesty's

of the Faith, and so forth: To all to whom these Presents shall come, greeting: Whereas William Rojrtl Letter*

Cookworthy, of Plymouth, in Our County of Devon, Chymist, has, by his Petition, humbly represented Patent to wa« 4< unto Us, that he hath, by a Series of Experiments, discovered, that Materials, of the same Nature ihr* ChroST" 4t with those of which the Afiatick Porcelain is made, are to be found in immense Quantities in Our Island recited, *

of Great Britain, which Ingredients are distinguished in Our two Counties of Devon and Cornwall by the Name of Moorstone and Growan and Growan Clay; that the Ware which he hath prepared from these Materials hath all the Characters of the true Porcelain, in regard to Grain, Transparency, Co- lour, and Infufibility, in a Degree equal to the heft Chinese or Drejden Ware, whereas all the Manu- failures of Porcelain hitherto carried on in Great Britain have been only Imitations of the genuine Kind,

wanting the Beauty of Colour, the Smoothness and Lustre of Grain, and the great Chara&eristick of genuine Porcelain, sustaining the most extreme Degree of Fire without melting: That this Discovery hath been attended with great Labour and Expence, and, to the heft of his Knowledge and Belief, in regard to this Kingdom, is new, and his own, the Materials being, even at this Time, applied to none 4‘ of the Uses of Pottery, but by him, and those under his Direction; and that he verify believes this Invention will be of great Advantage to the Publick: He, therefore, most humbly prayed Us, that We 44 would be pleased to grant him Our Royal Letters Patent for the sole making and vending this new- invented Porcelain, comJJbfed of Moorstone or Growan and Growan Clay, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Space of fourteen Years, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided: We,

being willing to give Encouragement to all Arts and Inventions which may be for the Tublick Good,

are graciously pleased to condescend to the Petitioner's Request: Know ye therefore, that We, of Our especial Grace, certain Knowledge, and meer Motion, have given and granted, and by these Presents,

for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, do give and grant unto the said William Cookworthy, his Executors,.

Administrators, and Assigns, Our special Licence, full Power, sole Privilege and Authority, that he,

the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by him- self and themselves, or by his and their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or such others as he the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall at any Time agree with,

and ne others, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, during the Term of Years herein expressed, shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend, his said Invention, within that Partk of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in such Manner as to him, the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any of them, shall, in their Discretions, seem meet; and that the said William Cookworthy,

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole Profit,.

Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage, from Time to Time, coming, growing, accruing, and arising,

by reason of the said Invention, for and during the Term of Years herein rrientioned 5 to have, hold,

exercise, and enjoy, the said Licence, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, herein before granted, or mentioned to be granted, unto the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Af-ct signs, for and during and unto the full End and Term of fourteen Years from the Date of these Pre- fents next and immediately ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended, according to the Statute in such Case made and provided: And to the End that he the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Ad-4; ministratoxs, and Assigns, and every of them, may have and enjoy the full Benefit and the sole Use and '

Exercise of the said Invention* according to Our gracious Intention herein before declared. We do, by 4V these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, require and strictly command all and every Person 4< and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all other Our Subjects whatsoever, of what Estate,

Quality, Degree, Name, or Condition soever they be, within that said Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, that neither they, nor any of them, at any Time during the Continuance of the said Term of fourteen Years hereby granted, either directly or indirectly, do make Use or put in Practice the said Invention,

or any Part of the same, so attained unto by the said William Cookworthy as aforesaid, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same 5 nor shall make, or cause to be made, any Addition thereto,

or Subftraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself or themselves the Inventor or Inventors,

Devisor or Devifors thereof, without the Licence, Consent, or Agreement of the said William Cook- worthy, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Writing, under his or their Hands and Seals,

first had and obtained in that Behalf; upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such Offenders for their Contempt of this Our Royal Command: and further to be answerable to the

C. 53. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby occasioned. And moreover. We do, by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, will and command all and singular the Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs, and all other Officers and Ministers whatsoever. of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, for the Time being, that they, or any of them, do not, nor shall at any Time hereafter, during the said Term hereby granted, in anywise mokft, trouble, or hinder the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, or his or their Deputies, Servants, or Agents, in or about the due and lawful Use or Exercise of the aforesaid Invention, or any thing re- lating thereto. Provided always, and these Our Letters Patent are and shall be upon this Condition* 4* that if at any Time, during the said Term hereby granted, it shall be made appear to Us, Our Heirs or Successors, or any fix or more of Our or Their Privy Council, that this Our Grant is contrary to Law, or prejudicial or inconvenient to Our Subjects in general, or that the said Invention is not a new" Invention, as to the publick Use and Exercise thereof, in that said Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, or not in- vented and found out by the said William Cook worthy, as aforesaid; then, upon Signification or Declaration thereof, to be made by Us, Our Heirs or Successors, under Our or Their Signet or Privy Seal* or by the Lords and others of Oer or Their Privy Council, or any fix or more of them, under their Hands, these our Letters Patent shall forthwith cease, determine, and be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Provided also, That these Our Letters Patent, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to give Privilege unto the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, to use or imitate any Invention or Work whatsoever which hath heretofore been found out or invented by any other Our Subjects whatsoever, and publickly used or exercised in that said Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, unto whom like Letters Patent or Privileges have been already granted' for the sole Use, Exercise, and Benefit thereof: It being Our Will and Pleasure, that the said TFilliam Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons to whom like Letters Patent or Privileges have been already granted as aforesaid, shall distinctly use and pj-aftife their several Inventions, by them invented and found out, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said respective Letters Patent, and of these Presents. Provided likewise, nevertheless, a and these Our Letters Patent are upon this express Condition, That if the said William Cookworthy, his Executors or Administrators, or any Person or Persons which shall or may at any Time or Times here- after,* during the Continuance of this Grant, have or claim any Right, Title, or Interest, in Law or Equity, of, in, or to, the Power, Privilege, and Authority, of the sole Use and Benefit of the said In- vention hereby granted* shall make any Transfer or Assignment, or any pretended Transfer or Assignment, of the said Liberty and Privilege, or any Share Or Shares of the Benefit or Profit thereof, or shall declare any Trust thereof to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for publick Subscriptions to be made by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, under 4t Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted; or shall by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever of any Number of Persons exceeding in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the like Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corporate Body 5 or shall divide the Benefit of these Our Letters Patent, or the Liberty and Privileges hereby by Us granted into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever,

during such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, in or to the said Premises, which will be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of a certain Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of Our late Royal Great Grandfather King George the First, inthuled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two Charters, for Assiirance of Ships and Merchandises at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bot~ tomry, and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned\ or in case 4 the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time hereafter become vested in or in Trust for more than the Number of five Persons, or their Representatives, at any one Time (reckoning Executors or Administrators as and for the single Person whom they represent as to such Interest as they are or shall be intitled to in Right of such their Testator or Intestate); that then, and in any of the said cases, these Our Letters Patent, and all Libentics and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided also, That if the said William Cookworthy shall not particularly describe 14 and ascertain the Nature of his said Invention, and in what Manner the lame is to be performed, by an Instrument in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, and cause the same to be inrolled in Our High Court of Chancery, within four Calendar Months next and immediately after the Date of these Our Letters Pa- tent; that then, these Our Letters Patent, and all Libe rties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. And lastly, We do by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs and Successors, grant unto the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, that these Our Letters Patent, or the Inrolmentor Exemplification thereof, shall be in and by all Things good, firm, valid, sufficient, and effectual in the Law, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and shall be taken, construed, and adjudged, in the most favourable and beneficial Sense for the bell Advantage of the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as well in all Our Courts of Record as elsewhere, anu by all and singular the Officers and Ministers whatsoever of

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53.

Us, Our Heirs and Successors, in that Part of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Walej, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, and amongst all and every the Subjects of Us, Our Heirs and Successors, whatsoever and wheresoever, notwithstanding the not full and certain describing the Nature or Quality of the said Invention, or of the Materials thereto conducing and belonging: In Witness whereof, Wc have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the seventeenth Day of March, in the eighth Year of Our Reign."

c And whereas the said William Cookworthy hath, by an Instrument in Writing, under his Hand and Seal,

described and ascertained the Nature of the said Invention, and the Manner in which the same is to be performed; and hath caused the same to be inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, within the Time and in the Manner directed by the said Letters Patent: And whereas, by a Deed of Assignment, bearing Date the sixth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said William Cookworthy (for the Considerations therein mentioned) hath assigned all his Interest, Benefit, and ‘ Property, in the said Letters Patent, and Invention, unto Richard Champion of Bristol, Merchant, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And whereas the said Richard Champion hath been at a very considerable Expence, and at great rains and Labour, in prosecuting the said Invention; and by reafou of the great Difficulty attending a Manufacture upon a new Principle, hath not been able to bring the same to Perfection until within this last Year and it will require further Pains, Labour, and Expence,

4 to render the said Invention of publick Utility; for all which Trouble and Expence the said Richard Champion will not be able to receive an adequate Compensation, unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged :* To the End therefore that the said Richard Champion may be encouraged to prosecute and complete the said Invention, may it please your Majesty (at the humble Petition of the said Richard Champion) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ICing's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers, Liberties, Privileges, Authorities, Rights, Benefits, and Advantages, which ia and by the said Letters Patent were originally given and granted to him the said William Cookworthy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and no further or greater than he, or the said Richard Champion, would have been intitled to if this Afthad not been made, shall be, and the same are hereby given and granted to the said Richard Champion, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and shall be held, exercised, and enjoyed, by him the said Richard Champion, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the present Term of fourteen Years granted by the said Letters Patent; and from and after the End and Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years thereby granted, for and during the further or additional Term of fourteen Years, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as he the said Richard Champion, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, could have held and enjoyed the same, under and by virtue of the said Letters Patent for the Term thereby granted, in case the said Letters Patent had been originally granted by his Majesty to him the said Richard Champion, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Richard Champion shall not cause to be inrolled in *he High Court of Chancery, within four Months after passing this Act, a Specification of the Mixture and Proportions of the Raw Materials of which his Porcelain is composed, and likewise of the Mixture and Proportions of the Raw Materials which compose the-Glaze of the same (which Specification is now in the Hands of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain); or if the same shall not be a true and just Specification of the Mixture and Proportions of the said Materials; then this Act shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to hinder or prevent any Potter* or Potters, or any other Person or Persons, from making, use of any such Raw Materials, or any Mixture* or Mixtures thereof (except such Mixture of Raw Materials, and in such Proportions, as are described in* the Specification herein before directed to be inrolled), any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and* other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. LIII.

An Act for enabling the two Universities in England, the four Universities in Scotland, and the several Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and Winchester, to hold in Perpetuity their Copy* Right in Books, given or bequeathed to the said Universities and Colleges for the Advancement of useful Learning and other Purposes of Education; and for amending so much of an Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the Delivery of Books to the Warehouse Keeper of the Stationers Company, for the Use of -; the several Libraries therein mentioned.

WHEREAS Authors have heretofore bequeathed or given, and may hereafter bequeath or give,*

die Copies of Books composed by them, to or in Trust for one of the two Universities in that 1

4 Part of Great Britain called England, or to or in Trust for some of the Colleges or Houses of Learning within the same, or to or in Trust for the four Universities in Scotland, or to or in Trust for the several

AH the Powers,

Privileges, &c. contained in the r before-recited Letters Patent, by this Act granted to RI- 1 chardChairpioa, hrr Executor*-,

&c. with a further Term of 14 Years.

Specifications of the Mixture and Proportions of the Raw Mate* rials to be ia* rolled in the Court of Chan* eery within 4. Months, other* wife this Act to be void.

No Potter, &c. hindered from ufrng the same In different Pro* ‘ portions.

Publick AO*

College.

342

C. 53. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Universities, &c. in England and Scotland to hive, for ever, the sole Right of printing, Sec, such Books as have l>een, or flull ke, bequeathed to them, unless the same have been, or shall be, given for a limited Time.

After June 24, »775» Persons printing or felling such Books shall forfeit the same, and also 1 d. for every Sheet;

one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the Prolocutor.

Nothing in this Act to extend to grant any exclusive Right longer than such Books are printed at the Preftee 4of the Universities.

Universities may fell Copy Rights in like Manner ma any Author.

No Person subject to Penalties for printing, Books already bequeathed, unless they be entered before June .4, 1775. All Books that may hereafter be bequeath ed, must be entered within two Mi nths^ after such Bequest shall be known. '

6d. to be paid for each Entry in the Register Book, which may be inspected without Fee. Clerk to give a Certificate, being paid 6d.

If Clerk refuse or neglect to make Entry, &c. Proprietor of £iich Copy Right

4 Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and Winchester, and in and by their several Wills or other Instruments of Donation, have directed or may direct, that the Profits arising from the printing and reprinting such Books shall be applied or appropriated as a Fund for the Advancement of Learning, and other beneficial

Purposes of Education within the said Universities and Colleges aforesaid: And whereas such useful Purposes will frequently be frustrated, unless the sole printing and reprinting of such Books, the Copies of which have been or shall be so bequeathed or given as aforesaid, be preserved and secured to the said Universities, Colleges, and Houses of Learning respectively, in Perpetuitymay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and; with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and hv the Authority of the same, That the said Universities and Colleges respectively shall, at their respective Presses, have, for ever, the sole Liberty of printing and reprinting all such Books as shall at any Time heretofore have been, or (having not been heretofore published or assigned) shall at any Time hereafter be bequeathed, or otherwise givenT>y the Author or Authors of the same respectively,' or the Representatives of such Author or Authors, to or in Trgft for the said Universities, or to or in Trust for any College or House of Learning within the same, or to or in Trust for the said four Universities in Scotland, or to or in Trust for the said Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and Winchester, or any of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, unless the same shall have been bequeathed or given, or shall hereafter be beaueathed or given, for any Term of Years, or other limited Term; any Law or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Bookseller, Printer, or other Person whatsoever, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, shall print, reprint, or import, or cause to be printed, reprinted, or imported, any such Book or Books; or, knowing the same to be so printed pr reprinted, shall fell, publish, or expose to Sale, or cause to be sold, published, or exposed to Sale, any such Book or Books; then such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit such Book or Books, and all and every Sheet or Sheets, being Part of such Book or Books, to the University, College, or House of Learning respectively, to whom the Copy of such Book or Books shall have been bequeathed or given as aforesaid, who shall forthwith damask and make waste Paper of them; and further, that every such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit one Penny for every Sheet which shall be found in his, her, or their Custody, either printed or printing, published or exposed to Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; the one Moiety thereof to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend to grant any exclusive Right otherwise than so long as the Books or Copies belonging to the said Universities or Colleges are printed only at their own Printing Presses within the said Universities or Colleges respectively, and for their sole Benefit and Advantage; and that if any University or College shall delegate, grant, lease, or fell their Copy Rights, or exclusive Rights of printing the Books hereby granted, or any Part thereof, or shall allow, permit, or authorise any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, to print or reprint the same, that then the Privileges hereby granted are to become void and of no Effect, in the same Manner as if this Act bad not been made; but the said Universuies and Colleges, as aforesaid, shall nevertheless have a Right to (ell such Copies so bequeathed or given as aforesaid, in like Manner as any Author or Authors now may do under the Provisions of the Statute of the eighth Year of her Majesty Queen Anne.

IV. And whereas many Persons may through Ignorance offend against this Act, unless some Provi- fion be made whereby the Property of every such book as is intended by this Act to be secured to the said Universities, Colleges, and Houses of Learning within the same, and to the said Universities in Scotland, and to the respective Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and Winchester, may be ascertained and known;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to subject any Bookseller, Printer, or other Person whatsoever, to the Forfeitures or Penalties herein mentioned, for or by reason of the printing or reprinting, importing or exposing to Sale, any Book or Books, unless the Title to the Copy of such Book or Books, which has or have been already bequeathed or given to any of the said Universities or Colleges aforesaid, be entered in the Register Book of the Company of Stationers kept for that Purpose, in such Manner as hath been usual, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of Jwc* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and of all and every such Book or Books as may or shall hereafter be bequeathed or given as aforesaid, be entered in such Register within the Space of two Months after any such Bequest or Gift shall have come to the Knowledge of the Vice Chancellors of the said Universities, or Heads of Houses and Colleges of Learning, or of thes Principal of any of the said four Universities respectively; for every of which Entries so to be made as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; which said Register Book shall and may, at all seasonable and convenient Times, be referred to and inspected by any Bookseller, Printer, or other Person, without any Fee or Reward; and the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers shall, when and as often as thereunto required, give a Certificate under his Hand of such Entry dr Entries, and for every such Certificate may take a Fee not exceeding Sixpence.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers for the Time being shall refuse or neglect to register or make such Entry or Entries, or to give such Certificate, being thereunto required by the Agent of either of the said Universities or Colleges aforesaid, lawfully authorised for that Purpose, then either of the said Universuies or Colleges aforesaid, being the Proprietor of such Copy Right or Copy Rights as aforesaid (Notice being first given of such Refusal by Advertisement in the Gazette) shall have the like Benefit as if such Entry or Entries, Certificate or Certificates, had been duly made and given;

3 and

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 54. 343

and the Clerk so refilling shall, for every such Offence, forfeit twenty Pounds to the Proprietor or Pro- to have like bc-prietors of every such Copy Right; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin- "efit " fler, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no JJJ1

Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed. Clerk shall form

VI. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late feUaol. Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learnings byvefting the Copies of printed Clause US Annie c Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies during the Times therein mentioned, it is enacted, That rcc*led#

nine Copies of each Book or Books, upon the heft Paper, that, from and after the tenth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and ten, should be printed and published, 2s therein mentioned, or reprinted

and published with Additions, shall, by the Pr hi ter or Printers thereof, be delivered to the Warehouse Keeper of the said Company of Stationers for the Time being, at the Hall of the said Company, before such Publication made, for the U(e of the Royal Library, the Libraries of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, the Libraries of the four Universities in Scotland, the Library of Sion College in London, and the Library commonly called The Libriry belonging to the Faculty of Advocates in Edinburgh, respectively;

which such Warehouse Keeper was thereby required, within ten Days after Demand by the Keepers of the respective Libraries, or any Person or Persons by them, or any of them, authorised to demand the said Copy, to deliver the same for the Use of the aforesaid Libraries; and if any Proprietor, Bookseller,

or Printer, or the said Warehouse Keeper of the said Company of Stationers, should not observe the Direction of the said Act therein, that then he and they so making Default, in not delivering the said printed Copies as aforesaid, should forfeit as therein mentioned: And whereas the said Provision has not proved effectual, but the same hath been eluded by the Entry only of the Title to a single Volume, or of

some Partof such Book or Books so printed and published, or reprinted and republimed, as aforesaid

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be subject to the Pe- Person fob* nalties in the said Act mentioned, for or by reason of the printing or reprinting, importing pr exposing jc^.to to Sale, any Book or Books, without the Consent mentioned in the said Act, unless the Title to the Copy printing, of the whole of such Book, and every Volume thereof, be entered, in Manner directed by the said Act, any Book, ut*. in the Register Book of the Company of Stationers, and unless nine such Copies of the whole of such lefa the Title to Book or Books, and every Volume thereof printed and published, or reprinted or republished, as therein the Copy of the mentioned, shall be actually delivered to the Warehouse Keeper of the said Company, as therein directed, ^ 'en-r

for the several Uses of the several Libraries in the said Act mentioned. CTe 9

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of menced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for doing, or causing to be done, any Thing Actiona.

in pursuance of this Act, the Defendants in such Action may plead the General Blue, and give the Spe- General LVot* cial Matter in Evidence; and if upon such Action a Verdict, or if the same shall be brought in the Court of Session in Scotland, a Judgment be given for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff become nonsuited, and discontinue his Action, then the Defendant shall have and recover his full Cpfts, for which he shall have the same Remedy as a Defendant in any Case by Law hath.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, Publick and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and Other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for paving and regulating, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within New Gravel Lane, and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, not comprised in an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned.

WHEREAS New Gravel Lane, and the several Streets leading from the South End of the fard

Lane to the North End of Cockhill, comprehending Wapping Wail, Shadwell Dock Street, the End

of New Street, Codpiece Row, and Cockhill, and also Fox's Lane, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell,

in the County of Middlesex, as well as the several other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, situate

and being within the said Parish (which have not already been paved under the Authority of a certain

41 Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An ActtsGtotBfl}

4 Act for*paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate to Cable Street

also the said Cable Street, the Foot Path in Back Lane Part of the Precinct of Well Close, the Street lead- ing front Nightingale Lane to Ratcliff Cross, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and the several StreetsT 4 Lanes, and Passages opening into the same, and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, are very ill paved, and the Passage through the same is greatly obstructed by Polls, Projections, and other Nuisances, and annoyed by Spouts, Signs, and Gutters \ and the present Methods prescribed by Law are found ineffectual for removing such Annoyances and Obstructions,

and for the proper paving of such Streets, Lane9, Passages, and Places, and keeping such Pavements in sufficient Repair may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Anthony Ayre, Robert Act kens, John Baggs, William Baggs, William Bennett, Jacob Birkley, John Birkleyr Nkmtt A tie Daniel Bott, Burford Camper, Norrison Cover dale, William Cook, Richard Cowes, John Dale, Richard Dowding, William Dunn, Jonathan Eads, Thomas Fox, John Homan, Edward Hoskins> William Kilbinton, Tho~

man

344 C. 54.-

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

mas Kendal 9 Isaac Lawrence, Peter Meftaer, John Miller, James Menetonie, Richard Mann, Charles Morgan^ John Phillips, James Richardson, Sherwood, Francis Henry Shepherd, James Sheppard\ John Sheppard\

Henry Sunpfon, Sidney, Turpin, Robert Wilson, Christopher Woodham, Woodhaniy William

Whitehead, Jcftah IValiis, Thomas H alls, and Mathew Warded, being Inhabitants within the above-named Streets, Lanes and Places shall be, and they and their Successors (to be elected or appointed in Manner herein after mentioned) are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution: And upon the Death of any of the Persons appointed or to be appointed Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, from Tithe to Time to clcdl, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to appoint, one other Person inhabiting within the above-named Streets, Lanes, and Places, to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of such Commissioners so deceased.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted ;by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Persons appointed or to be appointed Commissioners as aforesaid, shall refuse to act, or become Bankrupt or remove his Uefidence out of the said Parish, or shall neglect to attend at twelve successive Meetings of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to elect, chuse, and appoint, in Manner aforesaid, one other Person inhabiting within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner so refusing to act, removing his Residence, becoming Bankrupt, or neglecting to attend, as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall then be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of forty Pounds; or possessed of, or intitled to, a personal Estate of the Value of one thousand rounds: And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeited pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recoverable in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, together with Cods of Suit, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient on the Part of the Prosecutor to maintain his said Action by Proof that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to, or veiled in, the Commissioners hereby conflicted as aforesaid, shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend any Meeting puf-suant to the Directions of this Act (the Number of the Commissioners at such Meeting not being less than five), except in such Cases where any other Number of Commissioners are hereby required to act: And all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting, shall have the same Force and Effect as if done, made or executed by all the Commissioners conflicted by this Act.

o» numuji- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall meet toge-cJs'fhft Meeting: ther a* the Vestry-room of the Parish Church of Saint PauTs9 Shadwell9 on the second Monday next after the passing of this Act, and proceed to put this Act in Execution; and they, or any two or more of them, being the Whole or major Part of the Commissioners appearing at such Meeting, are hereby impowered to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, to meet at the same or other convenient Place within the District aforesaid, as they shall think proper, for putting this Act in Execution: And if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, or to adjourn to another Day; or if the said Commissioners shall at any Time neglect or refuse to adjourn themselves; then, and In every such Case, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall appoint a Meeting at the same Place, by publick Notice in Writing, to be affixed at lead six Days before the Time appointed by such Notice for such Meeting on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Saint Paul's9 ShadwelU aforesaid: And in case the said Clerk shall die, or be incapable of acting, before the Appointment of such Meeting, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Appointment, when required by any two or more of the said Commissioners, then any two or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by the like publick Notice, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held; and the said Commissioners at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences; but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office of Profit under this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution hereof 5 or shall sell Ale, Wine, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retale.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may elect and choose, at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Assessments, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act as they shall think proper; and they are hereby impowered from Time to Time to remove him or them* and may remove AI1(j appoint others in like Manner as they shall think necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Mo-them, and ap- ^ies to be raised by virtue of this Act they may, and are hereby impowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act as they shall think reasonable; and may take Security for the due Execution -of such Offices; and such Persons as are made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be so appointed to collect and receive the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act: And all such Officers and Persons, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, upon Demand of the said Commissioners, account with them upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer), touching the several

Matters

for putting this Act in Execution.

Commissioners dying, others to be appointed.

If Persons appointed lefule to ad, etc. others to be chofco.

Qualification of Commissioners,

Penalty on aft-

ing, if not qualified.

Five Commissioners may aft.

Exception*

Time and Place of Commission-

Trey are impowered to adjourn.

If at any Meeting a proper Number do not attend, the Clerk may appoint a-*3 ther Meeting, giving six Days Notice.

In case of the Clerk's Death, &c. how Meetings may be appointed. Commissioners to bear their own Expences.

-No Peaca* pable to act who holds any Place of Profit, &c. Commissioners may appoint Officers j

point others. How Salaries are to be paid.

Rates to be paid to the Collector* Officers to account on Oatiii

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 54. 345

Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also shall, upon Demand of the said Commissioners, pay and deliver over to them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, upon the like Oath to be administered as aforesaid, the Monies appearing upon the Balance of such Account, together with the Vouchers in Support of such Account, and also the Books, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, relating to the Proceedings to be had under this Act; and in Default of the Person or Persons required complying with such Demand as aforesaid for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Demand made, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the faief Commissioners, and they are hereby authoris'd and impowered, to commence and profeeme one or more Action or Actions, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the Person or Persons so nc-glefting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with Costs of Suit; or if Complaint shall be "made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons to be appointed by them for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Party or Parties so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justice and Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and impowered, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to be brought before him or them; and upon his or their appearing (or not being to be found), to hear and determine the Matter in a summary W.ay; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shalt be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and impowered, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Monies to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively: And if no such Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of distraining and felling the same; or in case of Refusal to account as aforesaid; or that it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, by the Confession of the said Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the Proceedings to be had under the same, shall be in the Custody or rower of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or they shall refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or they shall compound with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to make), and until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof.

VII. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than six Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death of any such Officer or other Person to be appointed as aforesaid, or of his becoming Bankrupt before he shall have paid and delivered up all the Monies he shall have received by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, of his Estate and Eftefts, or other Person or Persons possessing the same, or in whom the same have or hath veiled, shall, in the first place, and in Preference to all other Creditors, pay the said Monies remaining unpaid or delivered up as aforesaid, out of the said Estate and Efrefts, or as far as the same will extend, to the said Commissioners under this Act, or to any Person appointed by them for that Purpc/c, and also all Books, Papers, Writings, and other Things concerning his Office, or relating to the Execution of this Act: And every Executor, Administrator, Assignee, or other Person or Persons possessed of such Effifts as aforesaid, may plead such Payment in any Action or Suit that may he brought against him, her, or them, on account of the said Estate and Effects, or give the same in Evidence; and in case of Non-payment of j such Monies, or Non-delivery of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things, by the Spiee of ten Day3 after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to commence and prosecute one or more Action or Actions, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Executor or Administrator, Alfig:\ee, or other Person or Persons possessing the Estate and Effects which did belong to such deccnfed Person or Bankrupt, for Recovery thereof, together with Costs of Suit, or of Damages in lieu of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be employed as a Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, or any other Officer.or Servant, who shall beany ways employed by the said Commissioners putting this Act, or any the Powers thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved by the Commissioners for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution; or shall any ways be concerned or interested in any Bargain, Contraft, Purchase, or Sale, made or to be mr.de by or with the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution; exery such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever ftuving or being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, PIal.it, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which said Action no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor mere than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Money in Han % h -ok', See to be fOInM-d up on. D.mand.

Persons making Default may be IioIc u ca.

On Complaint, Jut* ice? n*.iy grant Warrant to prrcvef! by D.stref; aiK bale;

And in case ther« be no Cores, die Offend' r to be committed.

[Proviso.]

On Death of Officers, Sec, Executors to account.

B lance to be paid rn P:defence of any other Creditor.

Fxccntits may p> C such P-y nv*nt.

In (r L* of Non-pnw t, Actions rr.-rv be broui it apinft Execut,) s, &c.

OiT.rer; taking ar.y Reward-other titan their. Salaries,

or being in‘f rested in any Bargain mur'e by the Commissioners, &c. \o illicit iool.

346

Commissioner?, it*powered to pave and alter Streets, &c.;

to dig an* carry awajStonts.&c.j

to raisir, lower, or finlc the Ground; to take up and remove Water-pipes. &c.; to remove Pro* js&ions, &c.

to employ Workmen;

and to contract with any I'erlons for the Performance of the Worki.

40s. Penalty on Breach of Contraft, above the Penalty ftipu-lated.

Actions may be brought for Recovery of Penalties,

Commissioners may fell the old Materials, &c.

Any Person repairing Pavement other than those employed by the Commissioners, or ob-flrufting the Work, to forfeit 4 os.

Property of Pavement and Materials vested in the Commissioners;

40 ». Penalty on injuring the same.

P.ivcment may be taken up for repairing Water-pipes, fee. Six Hours after such Repair, Notice to be given to the Commission* cis Pariour.

Commissioner* may contract for paving Pipe Trenches, giving 14 Day* Notice in some publick News Paper,

C. 54. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, after the first Meeting, to cause, order, and direct the several Streets, Lanes, and Places herein after mentioned, within the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadzvelly aforesaid; that is to say. The said Lane called New Gravel Lane, and the said several Streets leading from the South End of the said Lane to the North End of CockhilL comprehending ll'ap-ping Wall, 1Shtidwell Deck Street, the End of New Street, Codpiece Row, and Cochhill, and also Fox's Lane, or by what other Names they may have been called or known, and the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, PafLges, and other Places, opening into or communicating with the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be new paved or repaired as ^hey shall think proper; and for such Purposes may, from Time to Time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried away, out of, or brought into the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Gravel Stones and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and may like wife cause the Ground thereof to be raised, lowered, or sunk, the Course of the Channels and Gutters running in or through the same to be turned or altered, and new Channels or Gutters to be made; and the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, under Ground, as also the Grates over the Sewers, to be taken up, removed, replaced, laid, or altered, in such Manner as they shall judge heft; and may cause all Posts, Pales, Rails, Bulks, Stalls, Dung holes, Shew^glasses, Shevv-hoards, Steps, and Doors, and other Matters and Things projecting into or encroaching on the Foot-way, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary and expedient; and may employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, and others, and may do all and every other Act and Thing for the accomplishing the aforesaid Ends and Designs as they shall think necessary, and shall pay for the same out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act: And for the Purposes aforesaid, may contract, by Deed or other Writing, with any Person or Persons in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge adviseable; and for the Non-performance of, or Non-compliance with, any Covenant, Agreement, Engagement, or Undertaking entered into with the said Commissioners, the Person or Persons so covenanting, agreeing, engaging, or undertaking, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied and recovered upon Information before any Justice of the Peace, pursuant to the Directions herein after contained, touching such Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed (as the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed j, over and above any Penalty expressed in such Covenant, Contraft, or Agreement, or the Damages that may be assigned thereon: And the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to commence and prosecute any Action or Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, againR any Person or Persons so contrafting, and neglecting to perform such Contraft or Contrafts, and for any Penalty or Penalties expressed therein, or any Damage or Damages which shall be assigned thereon, and shall recover in any such Action or Suit, together with Costs of Suit; ia which Action no Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to work up, or to sell and dispose of, all or any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase money to the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, other than the Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners, shall pave, repair, or otherwise intermeddle with the Pavement of any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, which shall be broke up or damaged; or if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or moled, any Officer or Workman, Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty; every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the present and future Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places authorised to be paved, and of all other Materials and Things which shall be provided and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners for the Time being; and in case any Damage or Injury shall be done thereto, the Person or Persons doing, or occasioning the same to be done, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Penalty of forty Shillings.

XIV. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Sewers, and Companies of Waterworks, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, to take up the said Pavement for the Purpose of cleansing, emptying, amending, or repairing any Sewer, Water-pipe Plug, Draih, Vault, or other nccelLry Purpose whatsoever; and the Person or Persons employed therein, or directing the said Works, shall prosecute the same with all convenient Speed, and shall, within the Space of six Hours next after the finifiiing thereof, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Paviour, or Person employed or appointed by the said Commissioners for repairing the Pavement of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, or in Default thereof shall forfeit twenty Shillings for such his or their Neglect; 2nd the said Commissioners Paviour shall, within the Space of two Days after receiving such Notice, proceed to, and shall, with all convenient Speed, effectually and substantially repair and make good the Pavement so broken up, damaged, or injured, or in Default thereof shall forfeit forty Shillings for such his Neglect.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to contract with any Person or Persons for paving and keeping in Repair the Pavement over the Water Trenches belonging to any of the Water Companies; but that no such Contraft shall be made unless previous to the making thereof fourteen Day*; Notice at the lend shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers, expressing the Intention of such Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose, at the Time and Place in such Notice mentioned*

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 54.

34-7

Charges of re-pa:rinj» Pave-

pAviours, &c. to Water Companies to pive Notice to the Commissioner* Clerk of their Names aid Places of Abode.

Water-Com panics to repair their Pipes within two Days after Notice.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Cods, Charges, and Ex-nences attending or incident to the repairing or making good the Pavements of the Streets, Lanes, and nie;rr<tkenu to Places hereby authorised to be paved, the Person or Persons causing or occasioning the said Pavements to bc p.jjd by per. be broke up or damaged shall stand Debtor upon an implied Promise to the said Commissioners Paviour for fonsoccasioning such Repair, as for Work and Labour done, and Materials found for the Use of such Person or Persons; the Damage, and the said Commissioners Paviour is hereby authorised and impowered to commence and prosecute one Howto bere* or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against covered,

such Person or Persons, wherein he shall recover a reasonable Satisfaction for such Work and Labour, and Materials, together with Costs of Suit: But where the Commissioners of Sewers, Companies of Waterworks, or o:her Bodies Politick or Corporate, occasion such Damage to the said Pavement, that then the respective Treasurers to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Commissioners of Sewers, or Companies of Waterworks, shall stand Debtors for such Repairs, upon an implied Promise to the said Commissioners Paviour, who is hereby authorised to commence such Action as aforesaid against any such Treasurer, wherein he shall recover a reasonable Satisfaction for such Work, Labour, and Materials, together with Cells of Suit; and such Treasurer is hereby authorised and allowed to take Credit in his Accounts for the Monies he shall pay or disburse on account of the Premises.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons now appointed or employed, or hereafter to be appointed or employed, as Paviours or Workmen to the several and respective Water Companies, for the amending the Pipes lying under cny of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, are hereby required, within the Space of three Days after the passing of this Act, or within three Days next after they shall respectively be so appointed as aforesaid, to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and by what Company they are so appointed, or in Default thereof, they shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Neglect, and also the like Sum of twenty Shillings for every Failure of the like Notice upon the Removal or Change of their respective Places of Abode; and all Notices under this Act, left, pursuant to such Directions, for the Person or Persons to whom such Notices are addressed, shall be deemed good Service.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Paviours or Workmen employed by the respective Water Companies, on receiving Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners Paviour, or other Person appointed by them for that Purpose of the bursting or breaking of any Water-pipe within any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places authorised to be paved, shall, within the Space of two Days, proceed to, and with all convenient S.'ed, amend, repair, or replace such broken Pipe, and prevent the Water issuing therefrom, or in Default thereof, every Person so neglect in^oi refus-injj, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thit in case the Person p;pc9 broken not who shall receive Notice of the bursting of any Water-pipe shall, upon opening the Ground, find the same belonging to the to belong to some other Company of Waterworks*, then, and in such Case, he shall give Notice thereof Company whose in Writing, within six Hours from the opening of such Ground, to the said Commissioners Paviour, or in 1>avipur Default thereof, shall forfeit twenty Shillings for such his Neglect; and for his Labour and Expence of °?vnfach opening such Ground he shall be paid by the Paviour or Workman employed by the Water Company,

Proprietor of the Pipe so burst or broke, and may prosecute for the Recovery thereof in the Court of Re-<jucfts for the Tower Hamlets> or other Court in the County of /linUlltjex^ where Debts under forty Shillings are recoverable.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any private Drain, Vault, or Sewer shall fall in or become ruinous or choked up, so as to act'cdl or injure the Pavement of the Streets,

Lancs, and Places hereby authorised to be paved, or shall become (linking or offensive to the Inhabitants thereof the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are occupied with the Use of such Drain, Vault, or Sewer, shall, within four Days after Notice delivered or left for him, her, or them, at the said several Messuages or Dwelling-houses, from the Commissioners Paviour, or other Person to be appointed by them for that Purpose, proceed to, and with all convenient Speed, effectually cleanse, repair, and amend such Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be done, and the Charges and Expences thereof, and of repairing the Pavements damaged thereby, (h ill flmd charged on the said several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and be paid by the said respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, or their Under-tenants on their Behalf; and the Quota or Share each Party shall pay of such Charges and Expences shall be ascertained, proportioned, and aflelled, by the Award or Arbitrement of the said Commissioners; and in case Default shall be made in Payment of ary of the said Proportions of the said Charges, the lame shall be recovered by Diitrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier and Occupiers of any or either of the MefTu?gcs, Lands, and Tenements which shall be charged by such Award with the Payment thereof; and such Under-tenant or Occupier paying such Apportionment or AffJlment, is hereby authorised and impowered to dediidl the Monies so paid out of his Rent then due, or which shall rh-?re*f:er accrue duo; or the said Commissioners, at their Election, may prosecute one or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, ag.iinft the said respective Proprietors or Owners of the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for thrir kid respective Proportions of the said Charges, and they Hull recover the same thereby, together with the Costs of Suit*

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make new and additional Grates over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or to repair, alter, cleanse, and amend any of the said Sewers, or the Grates over the same, the Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners for the said Sewers shall, at die kuiueit in Writing of the

Grr»nd, by whom he is to b; paid for hit Trouble.

proprietor* of ruinous Drains to repair then f

and In caff of Default, the Cotr.miffi or eri to rtoiir them at the Proprietors Eype.'ce.

Hjw the said ( Ivirgfs are to be recovered.

Commissioners of S*\v*is how to be 1 u 1 moped when ar y Re. pair of Sew* rs. &c. aie wanted.

34-8

aos. Penalty on laying Goous, &c. in the Street?, or ob-iltu^ing the same by Carriage!.

Goods and Carriages obstruct-the PalPge of Streets may be fei/rd till I'ay-wnint of Penalty, &c.

Tes. Pf.nlty on driving Wheelbarrow?, &c. on the Foot Pavement.

Hoards may be erected for building or repairing Houses,

los. Penalty each Day, if such Inclosures be set up without Leave.

Inhabitants to f a etp tl e Foot Path.every Day (Sundays excepted).

Kou.fes to be numbered, and Karnes of Streets, ive. to be fixed on the Corner Houses.

5 1. Penalty on ' defacing Numbers or Na i cs.

Signs, 4c. to be

rosuil.ved. Pr.nepjons, 4c, to be rcmov'.d,

C. 54. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Clerk or Surveyor for the said Commissioners of Pavement, forthwith summons the said Commissioners of Sewers to meet, in order to take the Premises into Consideration, which they are hereby authorised and required to do at such Meeting; and also at the same Meeting, or any adjourned or other Meeting, to exercise the several Powers and Authorities with which they are inverted^ in order that the said several Works may be speedily and effectually done, completed, and finished.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall throw, caff, or lay, or cause, or permit, or suffer to be thrown, caff, or laid, any Goods, Wares, Merchandises, Timber, Stone, or other Materials, Allies, Duff, Dirt, Soil, or other Filth whatsoever, before his, her, or their Dwelling house, Shop, Stable, Yard, Wharf, or other Tenement in the said Dirtridi, nor shall place any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage in any of the said Streets* Lanes, and Passages, so as to obstruct the free Pass age the re of, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Timber, Stone, or other Materials, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, or other Things whatsoever, are set out, placed, or laid in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places; or if any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage shall be placed or suffered to (land, remain, or continue in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, so as to obstruct the free Passage thereof; or in case any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage shall be suffered to stand any longer than is needful and necessary for loading or unloading thereof; or if any such Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be placed or set across any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, for any Purpose whatsoever, it shall and may be lawful, in any of the said cases, for any one of the said Commissioners, or any one of their Officers, or other Person to be appointed by them, or any of them, to remove Nufances, to seize, or cause to be seized, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, and also every such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, occasioning such Obftmciiion, or so placed or suffered to (land, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging, and remove the same, or cause the same to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places to be appointed by the said Commissioners for (he impounding of Goooods and Things to be seized, as aforesaid, there to remain until all Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the carrying away, depositing and detaining the same, as aforesaid, as also a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for each such Offence, shall be paid and discharged; and in case the said Goods, Carriages, and Tilings so seized shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of twenty Shillings and Charges paid, within three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons making such Seizure to cause the same to be fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied, for the Purposes of this A(SL

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot Pavement of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, or any of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrows, or any Carriage of other Thing whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for every such Offence, ten Shillings: And it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to take the Person or Persons so offending into Custody, and to lead him to a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, to be dealt with, pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to erect or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, any Scaffold, Inclosure, Poffs, Bars, or Rails, or other Matteis or Things, for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every such Person or Persons firstobtaining Leave, under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners for those Purposes respectively: But if any Person or Persons shall erect or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, any such Inclosures, Ports, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing, for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every Day such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, shall remain and continue-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons-inhabiting within the said Dirtridt shall sweep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot Paths before their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, once in every Day, between the Hours of fix and nine in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted), upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners may order and direct the Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, to be numbered with Figures placed or painted on the Doors or other Part of the said Houses respectively; and may also order and direct to be eng: aved, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place adjoining to or beginning near the said Streets, Lanes or Places respectively, hereby authorised to be paved, the Name by which such Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place so adjoining, is usually or properly called or known: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause all Signs within the said District so be fixed or placed in the Front of such Houses respectively where to the same shall bffong; and also shall and may cause ail Trees, Poles, Porches, Sign-irons, Sign-ports, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Penthouses, Polls, Rails, Steps projecting on the Foot-ways, and Steps i> or

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 54* 349

or Doors leading down to' Cellars and Vaults out of the said Foot-ways, and also all projecting Windows, Shew-gLfTes, Shew boards, and all other Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances whatever, now or hereafter to be made, placed, or erecfed, to be taken down, removed, or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think most proper and convenient; and the}' ar£ also hereby authorised and impowered to make the Pipes or Trunks necessary to be created by them for the Purpose of conveying the Water from the Roofs of the said Tenements in lieu of Snouts, of such Materials as they shall think proper; and that for the future all Signs, Hoards, Spouts, or Gutters shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign,

Sign-iron, Sign-post, or other Post, Pole, Hoard, Spout, or Gutter, Pale, Rail, Step, projecting Window, Penthouse, or other Encroachment, Nusance, or Annoyance whatsoever, in any of the said Streets,

Lanes, or Places, or cause, or permit, or fufter the same, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and also the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Week the same shall be continued after Notice from the said Commissioners to remove the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said Com- Rates to be made, missioners shall order ordireft any of the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yaids, Alleys, Passages, and Places,'

or any Part thereof, to be new paved, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised, once in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful, for the said Commissioners to make a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon the several Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults,

'Cellars, Docks, Wharfs, Cranes, Crane-houses, Yards, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, firuate

or being in any such Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, and in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, so as such Rates or Assessments do J^wVpound.1*

not exceed in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Docks, Wharfs, Cranes, Crane-

houses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; and such Rates and Assessments shall be paid and discharged

by the respective Inhabitants, Tenants, and Occupiers of the Premises so rated and assessed, or any or cither

of them; all which Rates and Assessments, made by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to divide and proportion into half-yearly, quarterly, or lesser Payments, as they shall think proper.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and for so wivre Hous??,

long Time as any of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises shall remain un- unoc.<'M'

occupied, only one-third Part of the find Rates and Assessments shall be payable or collected; and such JI-‘the°:"nc to be third Part of the said Rates and Assessments, as well as one third Part of the said Rates and Assessments collected, whilst the same Premises shall be inhabited or occupied, it shall and may be lawful for the Tenant or Occupier paying the same to dedubl the Amount of the Monies so paid out of the Rent clue, or to accrue

due, to his Landlord, for or in respebf of the Tenement so charged, and a Tender of the Receipt or Receipts for such Thirds of the said Rates shall be adjudged and considered a good and lawful Tender of Rent, to the Amount of the Monies contained in such Receipt or Receipts.

XXXI. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when Housei occupied any of the said Houses or distindf Tenements are occupied by two or more Tenants; then, and in such b;. more Tenants Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, paying the Rites ^n1r°tnc,3.!!1ne and Assessments made on any such House or Tenement, to dedud the Whole thereof out of the Rent due, de-

ar that shall accrue due, from him, her, or them, for any Part of the said Tenement he, she, or they shall duf* the whole so occupy, to the Landlord or Landlords thereof, or other Person or Persons authorised or impowered to out of the Kent receive such Rents, and to tender the Receipts given for the same Rates as Part of Rent. d

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rates made by virtue of this Ratestobe fi-i-Act shall be allowed and signed by any two Justices of the Peace nbling in and for the said County, who c i t.y t*o Jui-are also hereby impowered and authorised to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting thereof from the tJCCS* said respe<Stive Inhabitants, Tenants, and Occupiers, by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate or appoint for the colecting thereof, and at such Times, and in such Parts, Shares, or Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order, direct, or appoint; and which Warrant or Warrants shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons thereby authorised for tli. Purposes therein mentioned: And if any of the said Inhabitants, Tenants, or Occupiers, shall reftife or neglect to pay any lfT<n»n?sre-of the said Rates and Assessments, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, into which the same shall fuse top«y, how be divided by the said Commidinners as aforesaid, after the respective Times appointed for Payment there-of; then, and in every such Case, it Hi all and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, acting in rCv0VCrCv# and for the said County, to grant a Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for levying every such Rate and Assessment, or any' Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, so to be divided as aforesaid, and then in Arrear, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to pay the same: And in case no such Goods or '

Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the Person or Persons authorised to distrain as aforesaid, so that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information given thereof to the said Justices, or any two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Person or Persons required to pay the [

said Rate shall reside, it fft a 11 and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby impowered to com- ,

mit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, nor less than three Months, or until the Payment of the Monies by such Warrant directed to be levied, and reasonable Charges occasioned by Non-payment thereof.

35°

All Persons in Airear may be comprised in oae V arrant, or Schedule thereto.

All Places of

Worship, void Spaces of Ground, &c. may berated, not exceed, np. 6a, per fijuare Yard, &c.

By whom such Rates are to be paid.

Rates may be rr covert d by Action.

Waste or vacant

Cround to be fenced in at the Exience of iLe Owner,

In rtfr: of Ne-fled>, by whom to be done, and at who.e Expence,

Occvpiers qn»t-tjr.g l>n.rm r.ts, &c. without paying rates may be followed.

Perform paying th J'e Rat<*s rx-err pttd from a!l other E> peaces «f paving.

C. 54., Anno deckno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to comprise in every such Warrant of Distress, or by Schedule thereto, the several Persons in Arrear for the said Rates, or for any Part or Share thereof, so to be proportioned or divided as aforesaid, so as the said respective Persons be particularly named therein, with the respective Sums in Arrears and when due, and when any Copy shall be demanded of such Warrant, a Copy thereof, with the Name of the Person demanding the same, and the Sum or Sums of Money thereby required to be levied of him, extracted from such Schedule, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a complete and perfect Copy of such Warrant, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwith (land ins.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be lawful to and

For the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed shall be made, to rate and assess, for the Purposes aforesaid, all Churches, Churchyards, Meeting-houses, and other Places of publick Worship, or intended for that Purpose, with the Ground belonging thereunto, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other publick Buildings whatsoever; and also all Buildings whilst erecting and unfinished, and all void and unoccupied Spaces of Ground fenced in, or otherwise situate and being in, or abutting upon, the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, to be rated as aforesaid, at such Rate as the said Commissioners shall adjudge reasonable, but not exceeding Sixpence by the Year for every square Yard of Pavement lying in the Front of such Premises, to be measured to the middle Line of the Street: And such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be from Time to Time made, fluII be paid in such Parts and Proportions as shall be ordered, directed, or appointed, by the said Commissioners, by the respective Persons after mentioned; (that is to say,) For every Church and Churchyard by the Churchwardens thereof; for every vacant Piece of Ground by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; for every Meeting-house, and other Place of publick Worship, by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Trustee or Trustees, or their Treasurer, Minister, or Deacon, or other Person officiating therein; and for every Hospital, Prison, or other publick Building, by the Treasurer, Ma(ier, or Keeper thereof; which Rates they are hereby severally aiuhorised and impowered to advance and pay out of the Monies to be received by them respectively in their several Trusts or Offices: And the said last mentioned Rates and Assessments, as well as all other the Rates and Assessments hereby imposed, or any Part thereof, shall and may likewise be recovered of the Person or Persons so required to pay the same (as also of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons in titled to or for whose Use the Rents and Profits of the Premises, for which the said Rates are in Arrear, have been theretofoie usually received, as to one-third Part thereof, and the Whole of such Rales in Arrear, when the Premises are or have been usually occupied by two or more Tenants, or let out in separate Apartments), by Action or Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at or in any inferior Court, together with

Costs of Suit; which said Action shall be prosecuted in the Name of the Collector, or such other Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint in general to prosecute such Suits.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Landlords, Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers, of any waste or vacant Piece of Ground, or Scite of any House or Tenement lying in or adjoining to any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places, comprised in this Act, which shall lie open and unfenced from the same; or when the Pence shall be in a ruinous Condition, or out of Repair, shall within six Days after Notice delivered to him, her, or them, or any or either of them, by Order of the said Commissioners, well and sufficiently fence in the Premises mentioned in such Notice, or cause the old Fence (if any) to be well and sufficiently repaired within the Time aforesaid: And in case such Work shall not be completely finished within the Time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and cause the same to be done, completed, and fini(hcd; and the Tenant or Occupier thereof, or other Person in Possession thereof, or ftifed thereof, to whom such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, shall pay the Expence thereof upon Demand of the Person authorised by the said Commissioners to receive the same; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to bring, commence, and prosecute one or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in 2ny of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or other inferior Court, for the Recovery of such Expence, together with Coils of Suit from the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons shall quit the Occupation of any of the Hlefluages, Lands, Tenements, and other the Premises so rated and a lib fled as aforesaid, before he, she, or they shall have paid his, her, or their laid Rate; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for such Purposes to levy the same by Diitrcls and Sale of the Defaulter's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one or moie Justices of the Peace adding in and for the said County (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and aie hereby authorised and impowered to grant), into 2ny Place within their respective fuiifdibtions, or out of the Limits thereof (such Warrant being tuft backed or countcisigned by foine Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be made), and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus if any such shall be), after deducting the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distiefs and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand of the same.

XXXV711. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons

p?ying the Rates and Assessments, by this Act laid and addled, within the Streets, Lanes, and Places to be paved as aforesaid, shall be, and they, and every of them, is and are hereby exempted and discharged from ai! other Charges and Expences of paving the same Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from all Pmalti s which may or might be incuried by Rcaion or Means of their neglecting to pave the (amc refi ectively, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 54.- 351

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Aprcemems be.

Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Lease, or the Covenants, Conditions, and twe-n LandJcrJ Agreements therein contained, or any other Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, between Landlord and not

Tenant; and that every Lease whereon the Rent thereof is reserved clear of all Taxes, except the Tax

therein specified, such Rent shall be paid accordingly, without any Deduction or Allowance whatsoever on account of the Rates and Assessments to be made, laid, or assess'ed, by virtue of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Collector of the said if CoMeftors be-Rates or Assessments shall become insolvent, or shall imbezzle or make away with, detain or mifdpply, come infuiveir, any Sum or Sums of Money so collected by him for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall die possessed of any Money to be Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of this Act, or so as the same cannot be ob- a*iin A<rt"c<1, tamed by the Time the said Commissioners shall stand in Need thereof, for the Purposes for which the same was collected; then, and in every such Case, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed by the said Commissioners, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made by this A cl, and shall be collected, levied, and distrained, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as*-are herein provided for collecting and levying the Rates due and payable by this Act.

‘XL. And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners to carry into Execution the several Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them, and the several Directions of this Act,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to borrow, upon the Credit borrow Mo-of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money at Interest, and "*Ta* '

to raise any Sum or Sums of Money by the Sale of Annuities, for the natural Life or Lives of such Person byfSale of An-or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Purchaser or Contributor, so as such Annuity or nuitici, Annuities do not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, to be paid as aforesaid; and so as the Purchase money for any one Annuity exceed not the Sunr of one thousand Pounds; and so as the Monies to be raised by the Ways and Means aforesaid, or either of not receding* them, do not exceed the Sum of five thousand Pounds. socol.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner* Commissioners to make an Order for Repayment of the Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest m3y order Re. thereon, and also for the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities as shall be purchased as aforesaid, par*- payment of Mo-ticularifing at what respective Times in the Year and in what Proportions, the said Interest and Annui- "nVin^crtT&c,-ties shall be paid, according to the Agreement of the Parties upon the said Loan or Purchase; and from After Order and immediately after such Order and Receipt for the Monies advanced shall be signed by the said Com- f^ned. Monies naissioners, the Monies so advanced and lent at Interest as aforesaid, and the respective Annuities so to be advanced to be purchased as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged upon the Rates and AlTdlments to be ni2de by charged upon the virtue of this Act; and the said Principal Monies and Interest, with the said Annuities, shall be payable and paid thereout, pursuant to the said Order, to the Person or Persons advancing such Monies at Interest* their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; but as to the Annuities, the same are to be paid< as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons to be nominated by* each such Purchaser or Contributor, as before mentioned: And that all and every such Purchaser and Annuities deem* Purchasers of such Annuities, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have good, sure, ab- ,ndcfcif,^e solute, and indefeasible Eilatcs and In erects in the said Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them, alcs* respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the and not to be said Annuities, or Monies advanced at Interest r.s aforesaid, shall be subject or liable to the Tax charged, chargeable to the or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament. - ^3nd

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Annuities may Person or Persons advancing and lending Money at Interest as aforesaid, and also for the Purchaser or Pur- bt alT,£Dcd* chafers of any such Annuity or Annuities as sforefuid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to assign their respective interest Monies and Annuities, or any Part thereof, and their respective Right, Title, and Interest therein, or to any Part thereof, with their respective Orders for the f2mc, and so teties quoties; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Alignments shall be made in the Entries to be Book to be kept for that Purpose, at the Charge of the said Commissioners; so* which Entry or Memo- tixef

randum two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and no such Assignment shall be deemed cr

valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as the Payment of the said re* As Annuitant* spective Annuities shall cease by the Death of the Person or Persons on whose Life or Lives the same shall dic» the Ra,cf be granted, the said Rates and Assessments shall be proportionally lowered, but so as not to occasion a to bc lowered. Deficiency in the Monies wanting to defray the several Charges and Outgoings required by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may When Annuities bq lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, as and when cea,c by Death»r any of the said Annuities shall ccafe by the Death of the Person or Persons on whose Life or Lives the *A£^,e*0 fame shall have been granted, to raise Money by the Sale of any other Annuity or Annuities, so as the rajfc Mcncy for Monies to be raised by such Sale do not exceed the Monies borrowed at Interest as aforesaid; which said the Payment of last mentioned Annuities shall bc subject to and governed by the Powers, Authorities, and Directions interest. aforesaid respecting Annuities; and the Monies to be received by the said Commissioners upon Sale of the said last mentioned Annuities shall be applied in Discharge of the said Interest Monies, as f3r as the same will extend and go, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and E*psnee* of Expences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by ^beLft'awT virtue of this Act* e p

A nv rtLer S.rect i! Pa Hi

tTi «v hr pjvtd, vr- n IV tion to tl t C nurif-

r r.> r<,

(Lx ly.loii.)

and fv ch

S r< ' l>" under tiier Go-

virmfi", &c. nr 11 1'* crrr.prc-h-r't J in is a MU

I caseho'^f r%

Set. q'teiu. ning the Vilichty tf inch iV.irion, to Lr<ng tl t'r Ac* ti>>m i,) three IA cl ins.

After

taor.tl s, Lvi-. «.(f r' Ihe t'o.r m l'.* oi.-n Order l> os i!^i,kO lulli-cknt.

JXrthnesirayle unth cd.

C 54. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XLVI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter Two-thirds or more of the Leaseholders and Landlords or Owners of Houses anti Tenements, within any of the find other Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Paffi ges, or Places, situate and being in the said Parish of Sa'iKt Shndwell (other than Inch of them as have been new paved by virtue of the said recited Act for paving Rrj:mary Lane, and other the Places befote mentioned), or within a»y new Street, Row, Lane, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, hereafter to be erected and built within the said Parish, shall at any Time h.reafter apply by Petition to the said Commissioners, expressing their Desire to have the several Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, given and directed by this Act, to extend to and comprehend such Streer, Lane, Alley, Row, Court, Railage, and Place; that tlun it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same accordingly, and the Pavement of the said Street, Lane, or other Place, comprehended by such Petition, shall, after an Order made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, be from thenceforth verted in the said Commissioners appointed by this Act; and such Street or Place shall remain under the same Government, Direction, and Management of them, and their Officers, or other Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, as the said ltveral Streets, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved; and the said Commissioners, Officers, Servants, Workmen, and other Persons ceding under them, shall have the same Power and Authority in, over, and through such Street or Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, as also over the (c viral Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof, Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Officers, Servants, aj d Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, interested in or intitle 1 to any Privfcge therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to the Premises, as the said Commissioners app, inted by this Acrt, and their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, adding under them, are inverted with by this Act; and the Lid Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to make the like Rates and Ai! Aments upon the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in such Street, Lane, Alley, Pailage, or Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, as they are hereby authorised and impowered to do in the Streets, Lanes, and Places, first mentioned to be paved; and to raise, by the Ways and Means herein before mentioned, so much Money, as shall he sufficient to defray the Charges and Expences arising in consequence of such Petition and Order as aforesaid, which shall rtand charged upon the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, in like Manner as the Monies herein before directed to be raised, and shall be fuhj £t and governed by the I ke Clauses, Authorities, and Directions, herein before let forth respecting the same; and every Clause, Matter, and Thing, contained in this Act, shall be courtrued, adjudged, deemed and taken to extend to every such Street, Lane, and Place, petitioned for as aforesaid, and also to the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying, and being the rein, and the several inhabitants, Landlordc, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof. Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Officers, Servants, and Workmen, and all and every other Person or Persons interested in or inti tied to any Privilege therein, and every Matter and Thing relating to or in anywise concerning the Premises, in like Manner as the same Clauses extend, or shall be adjudged or courtrued to extend, in similar cases, to the several Streets, Lanes, and Places, first authorised to be paved, and to the several Inhabitants, Landlords, Tenants, and Occupiers thereof, Companies, Commissioners, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever interested or intitled to any Privilege therein, or to any Matter or Thing relating to the Premises; and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, end Punishments, shall be inflicted, and for the like causes, as are herein expressed, and shall be sued for, movered, levied, and executed, in the same Manner.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Leaseholders, Landlords, or Owners, at any Time within the Space of three Months from the Date of the Order of the said Commissioners, to be made upon such Petition as aforesaid, to prosecute any Abllon or Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of R:cord at Westminster, against the said Commissioners making such Order, or their Surveyor, for trying the Validity of such Petition and Order, in which Action Costs of Suit shall be awarded to the Party in whose Favour a Verdict shall be found.

XLVIII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in rale no such Action shall be commenced and prosecuted v.ith Effect, within the Space of three Months from the Date of the Order of the said Commissioners, to be made upen such Petition as aforesaid, that then, from and after the Expiration of the said three Months, the producing of the Older of the said Commissioners shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, in any Court of Law or Equity, to be good and sufficient Evidence of the Street, Lane, 01 Place, so petitioned for as aforesaid, and mentioned in such Order, being made Part of, and comprehended in, the several Streets, Lanes, and Places, hereby authorised to be paved; and that the same is comprised in the respective Claudes, Powers, and Authorities, contained in this Act, and of the Right of the Commissioners to c xcreile the several Powers and Authorities contained herein, over or respifling any such Street, Lane, or Place.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, from Time to Time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Afftons, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in this Act, or in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper; and also tomitigite, compound, or hffin, any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, to as tue Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage firtuined by the Breach or Non-performance of any Clause comprised in this Act, or of such Contrail or Com rafts, and all the Coils, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and :o as the Miugation of the ether Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the said forlciiuics leA.ecbively.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

C.J4<

353

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Justices of the Peace if although such Justices shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act) to hear and determine any of the said Offences, and also to hear and determine, at any Sessions of the Peace for the said County, any Appeal that may be brought or prosecuted against any Rate or Conviction to be made under and by the Authority of this Act, although such Justice or Justices shall have signed or allowed such Rate, or made such Conviction j and in all Cases where Cognizance is given by this Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons for more certain Information in the Matter depending: And in all Cases where the Commissioners are authorised and impowered to bring or institute any Action at Law, or where it shall be fit or necessary to prosecute any Information or Indictment touching the Premises, the same shall and may be brought, instituted, and prosecuted, by or in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by virtue of this Act; and such Treasurer or Treasurers is and are hereby indemnified in every such Action or Actions, Prosecution or Prosecutions, by the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, and within three Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at any such Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall bear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper, and are authorised to do at any Quarter Sessions; and the Determination of such Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other wise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County or Place, and within his proper Jurisdiction; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and authorised to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of anyoneor more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and impowered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges* shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to reward any Informer or Informers, as they shall think proper, so as such Reward does not exceed one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures arising from the Information of such Informer or Informers, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be hereafter done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action on the Case.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable yrith any Stamp-duty whatsoever. Vol.XH. Zt LVII. And

Commissionnet*

who are Justices mat i& in any Appeal, Arc U any other Ju£» Meet.

Where Commifti nen are impowered to bring Actions, the same may be instituted in the Name of the Treasuref.

How he ii to be indemnified. Person* aggrieved may appeal to the Sdfionik

Penal tie* and Forfeiture! how to be recovered and applied.

Commissioner* may reward ia-formen.

Dirt ref* not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover if Tender of Amends hath been made.

Writing* to be without Stamp*.

354

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Books may be read in Evidence.

Proceeding* not to be quashed for Want of Form,

or removeable by Certiorari.

Limitation of A6ions,.

General Mae.

Tteile Costs, Publick Adl«

[Preamble.]

A(\ 14 GEO. III. tsciNd.

C. 55, 56. - Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners at their Meetings shall be entered in a Boole or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of the said Commissioners assembled, as the Case shall require; and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which laid Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thins to be done or transacted in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Day9 Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had therepon, and the Mat- ter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was so brought before twenty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or rendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Adioi*' or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cases by Law.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in-all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the Kings Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant-general of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such, Offices; in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane j and for other. Eurposes*.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament* passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present*

Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery,

and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant-general of the said Court, for the better preferring the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Accounts kept in such Offices \ it was (among other Things)

enacted, That out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money mentioned in the said Act, and out of the Interest produced and to be produced from such Securities, and out of the Surplus Interest which should arise or be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament in the said Act mentioned, and out of the Interest which should arise or be produced from Securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor

of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, should in his or their Discretion deem necessary, should be applied, under the Direction of the said Court, in the first place, in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences

attending the passing and obtaining the said Act, and then in rebuilding the said Office called The Six Clerks Office, with the Offices belonging thereto, and in purchasing Ground and Houses for that Purpose,

4 if any faould be deemed necessary by the said Court, and in providing a proper Place for transading the

4 Business

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.' Ct; 56.

c Business of the said Six Clerks Office during the Time such Office should be rebuilding; and that the Ground and Houses to be purchased for the Purpose of rebuilding the said Six Clerks Office, if any

should be deemed necessary, should be conveyed to, and verted in, the said Six Clerks, to hold to them and their Successors, for ever, in Trust, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the

Office of the said Six Clerks, and the Ground belonging thereto, is so surrounded by Houses and other Buildings, that the said Office is in continual Danger of Accidents by, Fire, and a sufficient Space of Ground contiguous thereto cannot be obtained for rebuilding the same, detached from any Dwelling- houses: And whereas the Honourable Society of Lincolns Inn are Owners of a convenient Spot of Ground, Part of the ancient Garden belonging to the said Society, which will better answer the Purposes intended by the said Act; and the Worshipful the Matters of the Bench of the said Society are willing, and have agreed to sell and dispose of so much Ground, Part of the said Garden, as shall be necessary for the Purpose of erecting the said Office thereon; that is to say, All that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate on the East Side of the said Garden next Chancery Lane, abutting South on Ground granted or agreed to be granted by the said Society for the Purpose of erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant-general of the said Court of Chancery; East in Part on Ground adjoining to Chancery Lane, belonging to the said Society, which is to continue their Property, but to be left vacant for an Area, only before the Six Clerks Office to be inclosed with an Iron Pallifade Railing by the said Six Clerks, but not to be used by them for any Purpose whatsoever; and in other Part on Chancery Lane aforesaid, Weft, on Ground belonging to the said Society, to be laid open. Part of which, not exceeding three Feet in Width, for the Length of eighty-seven Feet three Inches from the South End of the same, and three Feet nine Inches in Width for the regaining Part of the said West Side, to be inclosed with an Iron Pallifade Railing by the said Six Clerks, as an Area before the said Offices, but not to be used by them for any Purpose whatsoever; and North on Ground belonging to the said Society (which is to be vested in the said Six Clerks, under certain Restrictions as herein after is mentioned, for the Use of the said Offices), containing in Breadth from East to West, at the South End, sixty Feet of Assize,

and from North to South on the East Side, one hundred and sixty-one Feet seven Inches and a Quarter of Assize, with a Break of two Feet nine Inches Westward in the said East Side, at the Distance of eighty-seven Feet three Inches from the South End, containing in Breadth from East to West, at the North End, fifty-four Feet six Inches of Assize, and in Length from North to South, on the West Side, one hundred and sixty-one Feet seven Inches and a Quarter of Assize, with a Break Eastward in the said West Side of two Feet and nine Inches, at the Distance of eighty-seven Feet three Inches from the South End; which Dimensions are exclusive of the Footings or Plinths which are allowed to project on the Surface of the Ground on the East, North, and West Sides of the same, two Inches; also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate between the North Boundary of the before-mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground and the North Wall of the said Garden, containing in Length from East to West, on the South Side thereof, next the said Ground, fifty-four Feet six Inches of Assize, abutting South on the said full-mentioned Ground, East on Chancery Lane, North on the Garden Wall aforesaid, and West on Ground belonging to the said Society; all which Pieces or Parcels of Ground are situate on a 4 Parallel with the Buildings now carrying on in the said Garden, and commence, on the Southermost Boundary thereof, at the Distance of forty-two Feet nine Inches Southward of the Center of the said Buildings: And the said Ground hath been approved as proper for the Scite of the said Office by the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor, who hath fixed a Price thereon, which the said Benchers have agreed to accept; but the Funds provided by the said Act cannot be applied in purchasing the said Ground, and in building the said Office thereon, without the Authority of Parliament: And in as much as the Soil and Freehold of the said Garden is veiled in Trustees, upon Trust, for the said Society, a 4 good Title cannot be made to the said Ground without the Aid of Parliament;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Securities purchased with the Surplus Money mentioned in the said recited Act, and out of the Interest produced, and to be produced, from such Securities, and out of the Surplus Interest produced, or to be produced, from Securities purchased in pursuance of the several Acts in the said recited Act mentioned, and out of the Interest produced, or to be produced, from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act, such Sum and Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, shall, in his and their Discretion, deem necessary to be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, and be applied under the Direction of the said Court in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the parting and obtaining of this Act, and in purchasing the said Ground belonging to the said Society of Lincolns Inn herein before mentioned and described, and in building thereon an Office for the said Six Clerks, and the Offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act, except so much thereof as relates to the rebuilding the said Six Clerks Office in the Place where the same now Hands, and except so far as the said recited Act is hereby altered or varied.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Society, herein-before mentioned and described, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Six Clerks, to hold to them and their Successors, forever, to the Intent to ered thereon an Office for the Six Clerks, and an Inrolment Office, such Inrolment Office being now Part of the Building of the present Six Clerks Office; such Offices respectively to be used and employed in such and the same Manner as the said Office called The Six Clerks Office, and the Inrolment Office, are now used and employed, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

355

The Lord Chancellor, &c. to apply certain Sum?,to be raised is mentioned 14 Geo. III. for the ? of this and the said recited Act.

Exception,

Ground before defcnbcJ o be vested in the Six Clerks, to erect thereon an Office, &c.

356 C. 56.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

After removal of the Offices, the Lind Tax to be paid in the same Place and Manner as heretofore.

If any Officer refuse to pay the Sums rated, the Money to be recovered by Di« ftrcfi.

After the new Building for the Offices shall be completed, the old Building and Ground to be sold, &c.

Upon Sale and Conveyance of the old Building and Ground, Purchasers to pay the Money into the Bank, pursuant to Act 12 Geo. I. c. 31. and is Geo. li. c* Z4.

The annual Pro* duce of Mon-y arrfing by ti e Sale of the said Premises to be paid to the Six Clerks, in lieu of their Chambers, A a.

III. And whereas the said Office of the said Six Clerks, and the Offices thereto belonging, and the said Six Clerks, and the Sworn Clerks, Waiting Clerks, and Clerks of Inrolments of the said Court of Chancery, executing their several Offices within the Liberty of tht Rolls in the County of Aftddlejix, for and in respect of their said several and respective Offices, have, pursuant to divers Acts of Parliament, been taxed, rated, and assessed, to the Payment of the Land Tax within the said Liberty, and it will be 4 a great Injury to such Liberty if the said Offices shall not continue to be rated and afleUed within such Liberty be it further enacted, That from and after the Removal of the said Offices respectively into the Building so to be erected upon the Ground belonging to the said Society of Lincoln's Inn, and notwithstanding such Removal, such Offices shall respectively continue to be taxed, rated, and assessed, for the Payment of the Land Tax within the said Liberty of the Rolls only, and shall not be taxed, rated, or affeffeh, within any other Division, Parish, or Place whatsoever, nor shall the said Offices, or any of them, be taxed, rated, or assessed, for the Payment of any other Rates, Taxes, or Assessments whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed, save as herein-before is mentioned; nor shall the said Society of Lincoln's Inn be rated or taxed, for or in respect of the said Offices, to any Rates, Taxes, or Assessments whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Officer or Officers belonging to the said Offices shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be rated or addled upon them, or any of them, by virtue of any Act for granting an Aid.to His Majesty by a Land Tax, any two or more of the Commissioners, appointed by such Act for the Liberty of the Rolls, shall and may certify by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, such Neglect or Refusal, and the Sum payable by virtue of such Act, to the Commissioners for executing such Act in the County or Place where such Officer or Officers reside, and any two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, upon<Receipt of such Certificate, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower the respective Collectors of the Parish or Place where such Officer or Officers reside to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, and the Distress or Distresses so made to detain and keep for the Space of four Days; and if such Officer or Officers do not pay the said Sum or Sums of Money, for which such Distress shall be made as aforesaid, within the Space of four Days, that then the said Goods and Chattels so distrain* ed as aforesaid shall and may be appraised and sold by two such honest and sufficient Persons as the said Commissioners who shall sign the said Warrant shall nominate and appoint, and the Monies arising thereby shall be paid to the Collectors of the said Liberty of the Rolls, for and towards Satisfaction of the said Sum or Sums of Money, and the Surplus (if any be) shall be returned to the Owner of the said Goods, after the Charge of the said Distress and Sale shall be deducted.

V. And whereas the said Six Clerks are possessed of Chambers or Rooms over the said Office, called The Six Clerks Office, which were anciently the Residence of the said Six Clerks, but it will be greatly incon- venient and dangerous if any such Chambers are erected over the Office for the said Six Clerks, to be erected in pursuance of this Act, whereby the said Six Clerks will lose the Benefit and Emolument arising from such Chambers: And whereas, by reason of the said Office, called Tin Six Clerks Office, and the Offices thereto belonging, being, in pursuance of this Act, to be erected on the said Ground belonging to the said Society of Lincoln's Inn, the Ground whereon such Offices now (land will, from and after the Building and Removal of the said Offices, be no longer applied for the Purposes of such Offices;9 be it therefore further enacted, That when and so soon as conveniently may be after the new Building for the said Six Clerks Office, and the Offices thereto belonging, shall be completed, the said Ground belonging to the said Six Clerks, and the Buildings (landing thereon, shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, be fold, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct, and the Money to arise by such Sale shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-general of the said Court; and upon Payment by the Purchaser or Purchasers respectively of his, her, or their Purchase money into the Bank of England, as aforesaid, the said Six Clerks shall grant, convey, and deliver the said Ground and Premises, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively as shall be so fold unto such Purchaser or Purpba-fers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as the said Court shall direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon every such Sale and Conveyance of the said Ground and Premises as aforesaid, the Money to arise by such Sale or Sales shall be paid by such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-general of the said Court, to be placed to the Account of Money arising by Sale of the Six Clerks Office, pursuant to the TMethod prescribed by the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the thirty-second, and the general Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, pursuant to the Act of the twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter twenty-fourth; and the same shall there remain, until the same shall, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, to be made for that Purpose from Time to Time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Order shall be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and annual Produce, arising from the Money so to be placed out* may be applied for the Purposes herein after mentioned j and that the said Court of Chancery may, by Order or Orders of the said Court, from Time to Time, change the Security or Securities on which the said Monies shall be so placed out, as the said Court shall think expedient.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and annual Produce which shall arise or be produced from Securities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, with Money arising by Sale of the said Ground and Premises, shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of this Act, and shall from Time to Time be paid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, to the said Six Clerks and their Successors, in Lieu and Recompence of the Chambers so belonging to their several Offices, and for the Pur-

6 pose

A.D. 1775.Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 57, 58* 357

pose of keeping the said Offices to be erected in pursuance of this Act in proper Repair, and what shall be so ordered to be paid to the said Six Clerks shall be considered as a Freehold Estate m them respectively, as coming in Lieu of their said Chambers.

VIII. Provided always, That from such Time as thd Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Pwvifowith Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall deem the pur- respea to the if-poses of the said recited Act, and of this Act, so far as respects the Funds provided by the said recited Act suing of Money* to be fully satisfied, and shall in Testimony thereof, by an Order of the said Csurt, declare the same, and

direct the Accountant-general of the said Court not to iflfue any Draft, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England not to issue any further Sum or Sums of Money out of the Funds provided by the said recited Act for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the Appropriation by the said recited Act and herein-before made of the Surplus Money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pur-fiance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of the fifth Year of His present Majesty, and also of the Interest of Securities to be purchased pursuant to the said Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, shall from thenceforth cease and be it an End.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that no Casement, Privy, or House of Office what- Proviso witK soever, be erected on any Part of either of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground herein-before described above TefPc^40

the Level of the Ground Floor of the said Offices; and that no Building whatsoever beeredted on the last StS}? °* mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground to rife above the Level of the Springing of the Arches in the Fronts of the Buildings, intended to beeredied by the said Society, or within thirty Feet of the Western Boundary of the said last mentioned Ground; and also, that the said last mentioned Ground be inclosed on the Western Boundary by an open Iron Pallifade Railing only, and those Parts of the Eastern Boundary not built against be inclosed by a Wall, the Top of the Coping of which shall be on a Level with the Springing of the said Arches; and also, that the external Plan and Elevations of the Basement and Ground Story of the Buildings to be erected on the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground do correspond with the Buildings intended to be erected by the said Society; and that the Chimney Shafts be erected regularly, and be carried up to such Heighths as not to annoy or be offensive to the Rooms or Chambers in the said Buildings intended to be erected by the said Society; and that no Act or Thing be done upon any Part of the said several Premises to annoy or be offensive to any of the said Chambers, or the Occupiers thereof.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Society do not erect any Building or Buildings what- PrwMb, soever between the East Front of the Buildings now carrying on by the said Society and the Western Boundary of the said (irft-mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Offices or Buildings to be erected inr pursuance of this Act, and the Offices or Buildings to be erected adjoining thereto, for the Use of the Re- cneawToot^obe

E'fter and Accountant-general of the said Court of Chancery, and all other Buildings already erected, or subjectotb« gun, or which may hereafter be erected or begun, on any rart of the Ground or rremifes of Old Lin- Regulation* coins Inn, shall not be subject to all or any of the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act of Par- MCe0» liament, pa (led in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the furtherand better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Partjbes, rrecinCis, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pan eras, and Saint Luke at Cheffea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for watering Piccadilly, from the End of Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and publick Passages, within the Town of Hampstead, and Parts adjacent within the Parish of Hampstead^ in the County of Middlesex-, and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein, and a Patrole between the said*

Town and London.

WHEREAS the Town of Hampstead* in the P^rish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, Preamble*

C. is very populous and extensive; and from its Situation, the Inhabitants thereof, and of the Parts

4. adjacent within the said ParHh, as also all Persons passing to and from the same in the Night-time, are exposed to Robberies and other Outrages: And whereas the lighting the said Town, and Parts adjacent

4. within the said Parish, and the establishing therein a proper and well regulated nightly Watch, and a /Horse and Foot Patrole to conduct Passengers between the said Town and London in the Night-time,.

would greatly contribute to prevent those Evils ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be-enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of; the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Minister of the said Parish for the Time being, the Justices of the Peace for commissioncrr* the said County of Middlesex resident in the said Parish, together with Erasmus Warren, Gerrard Howard, Name*.

Stephen Gwmn, Sir John Honywood, Robert Carr, Joseph Webb, John Peter Bloqueire, Robert Vincent, Thomas Walker, Thomas Langdale, Isaac Jrdefoif \ Latham Arnold, Richard Clay, George Webster, George Stevens,

George

35*

Commissioners dying, &c. jicw onet to be chosea.

Qualification of Commissionert*

50l. Penalty for *Oingf if not

'Gomouffionest first Meeting,

Method of Adjournment,

All Proceeding! to be it public*. Meeting*,

Commissionert to bear their own Expences. Commissionert in the Commission of the Peace may at Justice*.

Justicet may administer Oath*. AQioos to be broaghtin Name of the Treasurer or Clerk. Commissionert may appoint Officer!,

and allow them Salariea,

Officer! to account to Commissioners:

0.58. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775

George Collins, John Stocky Edward Montagu, Thomas Gardner, Thomas Laney Edward Kynaston, John Hyndmany Thomas Rumsey, John Fofler% Thomas Smithy Richard Norris, Maurice Grijffithy william Beau-monty George Goodwin, william Jeffery/, Robert Simmonds, John Stokes, Edward Cartwright, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-afeer mentioned, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and when any of the Commissioners herein named, or hereafter to be elected, mall die, resign, refuse to act, or shall remove from, and reiide out of, the said Parish, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, and they are hereby required to el eft and appoint one other proper Person, residing in the said Parish, to be a Commissioner in the Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, resigning, relufing to act, or removing, as aforesaid; and every Person so elected and appointed shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Commissioners, and is hereby impowered to act in the Execution of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person had been particularly named in and appointed by this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless, at the Time of his acting therein he shall rent or occupy Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Limits of this Act, of the yearly Value of twenty rounds: and if any Person or Persons, hereby made incapable to act, shall presume to act as a Commissioner, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and every Person so prosecuted, or against whom such Action shall be brought, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and the Money to be recovered in such Action shall, after Payment of the Costs and Expences attending such Action, be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be had by virtue of this Act, shall be held on the second Wednesday in the Month of June3 in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or within fourteen Days then next after, at the House of Robert Simmonds, known by the Name of the Long Roomy in the said Town of Hamtfleady who shall then and there proceed to put this Act in Execution; and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn and meet at the same, or at such other Place or Places within the said Parish, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit, for putting this Act in Execution, publick Notice of such Meetings being given in the Church of the said Parish on the Sunday next preceding every such Meeting respectively.

IV. Provided always, That two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment 'only; and if, at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, or to adjourn to another Day; or in case it shall by any Means happen that there shall be no Adjournment made; then the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or in case of Failure thereof, then any five of the said Commissioners shall, by causing Notice to be affixed upon the Door of the Church of the said Parish, at least three Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last preceding Meeting was appointed to have been held, upon some Day, not exceeding ten Days from the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to have been held; and all Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall be at publick Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and in case of an Equality in Votes, the Chairman shall have the calling Voice.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all Meetings to be held under and by Virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall bear and pay their own Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for such Commissioners as are in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to act as Justices within their Jurisdiction for putting this Act in Execution, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, (except in such Cases where they shall be personally interested ;) and in all Cases where Cognizance is given by this Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons for more certain Information in the Matter depending; and in all Cases where the Commissioners are hereby authorised to bring or institute any Action or Actions at Law, the same shall and may be brought or instituted in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk appointed by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint one or more lreasurer or Treasurers, resident within the said Parish, to receive the Monies to be raised and collected in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act; and also one or more Collector or Collectors of the Rates or Assessments herein after directed to be made; and such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners may judge necessary, to be affiding in carrying this Act into Execution; and from Time, to Time to remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons, and appoint such other Person or Persons, in his or their Stead and Place; and out of such Rates or Assessments shall and may make such Allowances to all such Treasurers, Collectors, and other Persons, and take such Security for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in their Discretion shall think proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Treasurers* Collectors, and other Person and Persons to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall, at all Times when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, make up and render to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing, verified upon their Oaths respectively (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more or them, are hereby impowered to administer)3 of all Monies by them received and paid by virtue of their said^Of-

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. 359

fice; and shall pay over the Money that upon any such Account shall appear to be remaining in his or theft Hands to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same, together with the Vouche!9 in Support of such Account, and also the Books, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, anyways relating to this Act; and in case any such Treasurer, Collector, or other Person or Persons, shall refuse or neglect, for 0° Default the Space of fourteen Days after being thereunto required as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Com* tobe

missioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to commence and u prosecute one or more Action or Actions, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with Costs of Suit; or if Com- or carried before plaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or by any Person or Persons 1 Jwhcc* to be appointed by them for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Party or Parties so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justice and Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and impowered, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to be brought before him or them, and upon his or their appearing, (or not being to be found) to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of Judges may the Party or Parlies, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall ap- nluc Warrant of pear to such Justice or Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised determined by virtue of Distrer* this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and impowered, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Monies to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels" of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, offending in the Premise3 respectively: And if no such When fuffideat Goods or Chattels can be found Efficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of dif- ^foun^&c? training for the same; or in case of Refusal to account as aforesaid, or that it shall appear to such Justice of the offender to Justices, by the Confession of the said Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness be committed..^ upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings,^ relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the Proceedings to be had under the same, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or they shall refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the common Gaol of the County r Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or they shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make), and until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and;

Writings, as aforesaid*, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof: Provided always, That no Person who Pr®visa* shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than two Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, or Bankruptcy or On Death or Insolvency of any such Treasurer, Collector, or other Officer or Person, to be appointed as aforesaid, before he or they shall have paid and delivered up all the Monies he or they shall have received by virtue of cutoc^ *c *to this Act, the respective Executors or Administrators, in case of the Death of any such Treasurer or other make good all Officer or Officers, or the Assignee or Assignees of his and their Estate and Effects, or other Person or Deficiency*;, Persons pofilffing the same, or in whom the same have or hath vested, in case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency,

shall, within forty Days next after such Decease, or Bankruptcy or Insolvency, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at one of their Meetings, an Account in Writing, under his, her, or their Huid or Hands, of the Monies and Effects which such Person or Persons so deceased, or become Bankrupt or insolvent, had been, by virtue of this Act, appointed to collect or receive, and which! ‘

shall then have been collected or received by such Person deceased, or become Bankrupt or insolvent; and shall also pay, previous > the paying any other Debts or Sums of Money, all such Monies as were in the Hands of such Persons respectively, at the Time of his or their Death or Insolvency, or the issuing of any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Estate will extend to pay; and shall likewise deliver all Books, Papers, and Things, concerning his Office, to and Oliver all such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by Writing under their Books&c. €© Hands, shall appoint to receive the same; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee, or other Per- *"ninghi«Ofson or Persons, possessed of such Monies, Estate, or Effects, as aforesaid, may plead such Payment, in Cf* any Action or Suit which may be brought against him, her, or them, for or on account of such Estate or Effects, or give the same in Evidence; and in case of Non-payment of such Monies, or Non-delivery of such On Neglect Books, Paptis, Writings, or Things, for the Space of seven Days after the same shall be demanded by thereof, Eieco-any one of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to commence, maintain, and prosecute, an Action or Actions in any of his Majesty's Courts of Pro, cac

Record at Westminster, against such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons pbileffing the Estate and Effects which did belong to such deceased Person, or such Bankrupt or Insolvent, for Recovery thereof, or for Recovery of Damages in Lieu of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things respectively; in which Adlioiror Actions the said Commissioners bringing such Action or Actions shall be allowed their Costs.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five Comraifliinc*-more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, direct and appoint such a Number and such Sort maydirea of Lamps, with Posts or Irons, to be set up and placed, and in such Manner, and in such Parts, within LamP* tobc4*t the Uid Town* and Parts adjacent within the said. Parish, as they, shall judge necessary and proper; and up>

*- xtfa/

6o

appoint Watchmen* *mi a Patrole*

Lamps, &c. vested in the Commissioneri*

Any Person tail-felly destroying Latopt, &c.

to forfeit to a, and pay dl Da-magei*

or he committed to the House of Correction.

Penalty on care* ieialj or acci* dentally da--tnaging Lamp%

Ac,

Comnii&oaen may make a Pound Rate on Che Inhabitanti.

4

Prpnfc

C. 58.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1775.

may con trad with any Person or Persons for furnishing such Lamps* and Posts or Irons* or may provide the same themselves; and may also contrail or agree for the lighting, cleansing, supplying, and maintaining such Lamps; and shall also direct and appoint how long the same shall be and continue lighted, and during what Part or Parts of the Year and shall also appoint such Number of able-bodied Men to be employed as Watchmen in the Night-time, for the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Parts adjacent within the said Parish; and also such Number of Men topatrole the Road between the said Town and London, on Foot or on Horseback, for the Safety of Travellers (the said Watchmen and Patrole to attend at such Times and Places, and during all or any Part of the Year and at such Hours, and to perform such Duty, and to go armed with such Weapons, as the said Commissioners, or any five or mOre of them, shall from Time to Timedired and appoint); and the said Commissioners are hereby impowered, from Time to Time/to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better governing the Watchmen and Patroles, and all and every other the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; all which said Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be of the same Force and Effect, for the Purposes thereby intended, as if the same were enacted in the Body of this Act, provided such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, are not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Right and Property of all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, and other Requisites, which shall be provided, erected, or fixed, under or by virtue of this Act, and every othpr Matter and Thing used in or about carrying the same into Execution, shall be, and the same and every Part thereof are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case shall require}, against any Person or Persons who shall break, lpoil, injure, destroy, (leal, take, or carry away any of the said Lamps, Lamp Irons, Posts, or any of the said Materials, Implements, or Things, herein-before vested in the said Commissioners, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or damage, any of the said Lamps, or shall wilfully extingufth the Light or Lights within the same, or shall damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, or shall wilfuTlv damage any Posts, or other Materials or Things herem-be-fore vested in the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to give Information of the Offence, or to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to ailiftin seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody ofa Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex; and such Justice shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching the said Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as the* or any five of them, (bail appoint to receive the same, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and, moreover, shall make Satisfaction for the Damage that may be done as aforesaid: And in case any such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction, as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said County of Middlesex% tnerc to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall b? so committed, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, and Satisfaction, shall be sooner paid and given.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage, any of the said Lamps so to be set up as aforesaid, or the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and (half not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, upon Complaint made to him by one or more credible Person or Persons, to summon before him the Person or Persons so complained of, and upon hearing the Allega* ns and Proofs on both Sides, or upon the Non-appearance of the Person or Persons so complained of and summoned, such Justice shall award such Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as he shall think reasonable; and in case the Person or Persons so complained of shall neglect or refuse to pay the Money so to be awarded, within three Days next after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for such Justice to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chanels of the Offender.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet together upon the first Wednesday in September, and also upon the first IVed* nesday in December, in every Year, or within twenty-one Days after each of the said Days respectively; and mall make an equal Pound Rate, for defraying the Charges and Expences of executing this Act, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy, any Houses, Gardens, Pleasure Grounds, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, and other Buildings, within the said Town, and Parts adjacent within the said Parish (such Rate or Rates to be paid oy the said Person or Persons respectively, at such Times, and in such Manner and Proportions, as the said Commissioners making any such Rate or Rates shall thereby direct and appoint), so as no such Rate or Rates shall exceed the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, upon the yearly Value of the said Houses, Gardens, Pleasure Grounds, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, and other Buildings, within such Parts of the said Town, and Parts adjacent within the said Parish, where Lamps shall be set up, affixed, and lighted, by virtue of this Act; nor exceeding the Sum of Sixpence in the round, upon the said yearly Value where Lamps shall not be set up, affixed, and lighted, by virtue of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That no such Rate or Rates shall extend to that Part of the said Parish called Kilburn.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. 361

XVI. And whereas there are divers Houses, Tenements, and Buildings, within the said Town, and Parts adjacent within the said Parish, which are let in separate Apartments, or ready furnished, by which Means the Payment of the said Rates for such Houses, Tenements, and Buildings, may be evaded;' for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lollcc, Lanomrd, Owner, or Proprietor, of every such House, Tenement, or Building, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Rates or Ailtfifnents to be made by virtue of this Act; and that each and every Person renting or occupying any such House, Tenement, oc Building, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assefimrrits, and all Arrears due thereon, the same to be recovered in Mariner herein after mentioned; and the Person or Persons from whom such Rates or A fife (I men ts shall be recovered or received, shall and may deduct the same cut of the next or any other Rent that shall become due and payable from him, her, or them; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a fufiicir nt Discharge for such Tenant or Occupier, to and against his, her, or their Landlord, lor so much Money as shall be paid by. or recovered from such Tenant or Occupier respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Rate or Assessment that shall be nude or afu ll'cd by the Authority of this Act, for or in respect of any House, Tenement, or Building* which any Ambassador, Resident, Agent, or Publick Minister of any Foreign Prince or State, or any of thnr Servants, now doth, or hereafter shall inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the Ltftbr, Landlord, or Owner of every such Hously, Tenement, or Building; who is hereby declared liable to the Payment thereof, and the same shall be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Persons, liable to the Payment of any such Rates or Assessments, shall refuse or neglefi to pay the same, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect! the same, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the Peace for the said County, to levy all and every such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so refuting or neglecting, which shall be found within the said County; and if sufficient Diltrels cannot he found within the said County, then, upon Oath thereof made before any one or more Justice or Justiceg of the Peace of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place, the Goods and Chattels of the Person so re* fusing or neglecting shall and may be distrained in any other County, City, Liberty, or Place, by virtue of such Warrant.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment* Conviction, Contradf, or any other Security or Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the first Monies to be raised by the Rates herein-before directed to be made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, in their General or Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the County of MiddUJ'cx, next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices to hear all such Appeals, and award reasonable Costs to the Party in whose Favour the same shall be determined; and the Order* made by the said Justices shall be nnal and conclusive to all Parties concerned therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nop the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Tresspasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Warrant of Distress, or in the Rate or Assessment, or for any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained, and no more, in an Action on the Case,

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding to be had touching any Conviction, Order, or other Matter or Thing, to be made, done, or transacted in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaftied for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certlo rart, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions may plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; that then, or in any or either of such cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict shall be so found, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her,* or their Action or Actions, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the said cases, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

How Houfrs let

in separiTe A-p k' meats, &c# ft.all L-e pud lor*

Ho»if« of Arriba*! jdors, &c. to be paid lor by the Landlord*.

How Rates may be recovered.

Writings to be without Stamps.

Expences of this Act bow to be paid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions j

whose Order shall be final.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form.

Proceedings not to be quaftied M Want of Form*

Limitation 0k

Actiona.

General Issue,

Treble Costs

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to* be a PuWkk Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons

AAP.

whomsoever, without, specially pleading the same

362 C. 59, 60. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

PreamUf*

Act of the Parliament of Scotland, 4 Gu). Sc Mariae.

3 Anns*

1 Geo. I.

9 Geo. II' Geo. II, re-

CAP. LIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of MitfordmA Launditch, in the County of Norfolk.

CAP. LX.

An Act for extending the Duty of two Pennies Scots., or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterlings payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow and the Privileges thereof, over the Town of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh Water, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said two Towns; for erecting publick Markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, in the Parish of Port Glasgow% and County of Renfrew, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are Sea-port Towns, and lie conti*

guous to and adjoin each other, and are bounded as follows; videlicet, by the River Clyde on the North, the Clone Burn on the East, the Lands of Dubs Brae Head\ White Croft, and Douglehills on the South,

and the Devols Glen Burn on the West Parts: And whereas the Inhabitants of the said two Towns have of late Years greatly increased, and a great Trade has been carried on in the said Town of Port Glaf- gow, particularly of importing and exporting; Tobacco, and other Merchant Goods, and a Customhouse has been ereftea in the said own for many Years past, and Officers appointed for collecting his Majesty's Duties at the Town and Harbour of Port Glasgow, which Harbour is very safe and commodious

for Ships and Vessels resorting thereto: And whereas the Fewars and Inhabitants of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark have, with Consent of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow, Superiors of the Whole, and Proprietors of Part of the said Town of Port Glasgow, and of Robert Hamilton of Wishaw, Esquire, Superior of the Whole, and Proprietor of Part of the said Town of Newark, agreed to have a regular Police legally established for the Government of the said two Towns, and that Baillies and Trustees should be annually elected and chosen out of the Fewars and Inhabitants of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, for managing, regulating, and conducing the Police and Government of the said two Towns; for ordering, directing, and managing the publick Works herein- after mentioned, for the Benefit and Advantage of the Fewars and Inhabitants of the said two Towns; * for directing the repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for the ordering, directing, and managing the paving, lighting, and watching the publick Streets of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Breast of Port Glasgow; ard for bringing of fresh Water into the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, and of the Shipping and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour of Port Glasgow \ and for building publick Markets in the Uid Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, for the Conveniency of the Inhabitants; which several Purposes will be attended with a considerable Expence, which the said two Towns have no Revenue to defray: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, a Duty of two Pennies Scots was granted to the Community of the City of Glasgow, and to the Magistrates and Town Council of the same, and their Successors in Office, for the Uses therein mentioned, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, either brewen or in-brought, and vended, tapped, or sold within the said City and Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, for the Space or thirteen Years, commencing from the first Day of November, in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-three; which said Duties were, by an Act of the P.irliament of Scotland, in the third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, further continued for the Term of sixteen Years; and by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the said Duties were further continued till the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; and by another Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the said Duties were further continued for the Term of twenty-five Years, and were also extended over the Villages of Gorbells and Port 9 Glqfgawy and their Privileges respectively; and by another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, the aforesaid Duty was further continued upon all Ale or Beer, brewed or in brought within the said City of Glasgow, and Liberties thereof, and within the Villages of Got bells and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof respectively, from and after the Expiration of the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, for the further Term of thirty-eight Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow have, towards enabling the said Fewars of Port Glasgow and Newark to repair, and keep in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of Port Glasgow, and to carry on publick Works in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof, assigned and conveyed to the said Fewars the aforesaid Duty 1 of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, either brewen or in-brought, or vended, tapped, 4 or fold, within the said Town of Port Glasgow* and Liberties thereof, for the Space of the aforesaid Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, which should be to run after the first Day of September last, conform to Contraft executed betwixt the said Magistrates and Council of Glasgow and the aforesaid Fewars of Port Glasgow and Newark, bearing Date ? the such, fourteenth* and twenty-third Days of September% one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four,

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60. 363

and recorded In the Town Court Books of Glasgow upon the twenty-seventh Day of September, and Year last mentioned: And whereas there is no Revenue in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark for maintaining the Government thereof, paying Ministers Stipends, Schoolmasters Salaries, repairing and preserving the Streets and causeways of the said Towns, lighting, paving, and watching the same,

nor for erecting publick Markets, and other publick Works, for the LJfeand Benefit of the inhabitants of the said Towns, and purchasing Grounds for these Purposes; and ic being on thef<? Accounts need- fary that the aforesaid Duty of two Pennies Scots should be extended over the said Town of Newark] and Inhabitants thereof, within the Bounds aforesaid ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it* may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and \by the Authority of the same, That all Rates, Duties, and Impositions, made payable by the Acts before recited, particularly by the aforesaid Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by the aforesaid Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said hte Majesty, upon all Ale or Beer, brewed or in-brought, or vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, and also the same Rates, Duties and Impositions, upon all Ale or Beer, hiewed or rn-brought from Glasgow, or any Place whatever, or Vended, tapped, or sold within the said Town of Newark, and Liberties thereof, and within the whole Boundaries of the said Towns of Port Glasgow znd Newark, shall, from and after the first Day of June next, be raised, levied, collected, paid and made payable, to the Baillies and Trustees for the said Fewars of Port Glasgow and Newark herein after mentioned for the Time being, and to their Successors in Office, for the Use and Behoof of the said Towns, or to their Treasurer or Collector in their Name, for and during the whole Time that shall be to run of the aforesaid Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, from the Paid first Day of June\ and that the said Duties hereby granted over the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Inhabitants thereof, within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, shall be levied and paid by the ftme Powers and Authorities, and according to the same Rules, Methods, and Di-‘ regions, and undef the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed, mentioned, and expressed in the feveraf Act$ of Parliament herein-before recited, or any of them; and that the said Acts, and every Ar-tiefe, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing in them, or any of them, contained, shall be of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, collecting, securing, and levying the said Duty within the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Liberties thereof, and Boundaries aforesaid, for and during the whole Time of the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, from and after the said first Day of June, as fully and effectually as. if the same were parti-, cularly and at large repeated, expressed, and re-enacted, in the BocJy of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fourteenth Day from the passing of this Act, Humphry Colquhoun Deputy Comptroller of the Customs in Port Glasgow, Alexander Mollifon Surgeon there, George Murdoch Esquire, Comptroller of the Customs there, fames King fcnior, fames King junior, Robert Douglas, Hugh Mill then, John Bannatyne% Allan Stevenson, John Mollifon% John Dunlop, Andrew Mac Mi Han y Robert Commings Murdoch King, Thomas Knoxy Patrick Dougall, William Howatt, James Ramsay, William LaircU Andrew Crawford? and John Fqfter senior, all Merchants in Port Glasgow; John Burns Vintner there, Alexander Blair Esquire, Land Surveyor there, John Stirling in the Custom-house there, Robert Jamieson and James Glasfora Coopers there, Robert Bennet Shipmaster there, John Hamilton Barber there, and Robert Comming Wright there, all Fcwars and Proprietors of Lands in the said Town of Port Glasgow; and John Barr junior Clock and Watch Maker, John Willison and James Aiken, Merchants; Alexander Barnhill Brewer, William Clarke, Andrew Lairdy David Lairdy and william Hood, Wrights; John Martine Writer, Alexander Mac Kechany Ship-carpenter, George Johnston Toiner, Matthew Edward Carpenter, James Sinclair Tide Officer, Archibald Dennifton Farmer, David Auld Mason, John Simpson junior Merchant, Alexander Spear Shoemaker, Henry Robertson Merchant, Nicholas Conyers and Robert King Land Waiters; and William Dunlop Shipmaster; all Fewars and Proprietors of Lands within the said Town of Newark, and all the other Fewars within the Limits and Boundaries before mentioned, and their several and respective Successors in the said Lands, and their Assignees and Disponees, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered, upon the last Tuesday of September next, to meet at twelve of the Clock at Noon in the Council Chamber in Port Glasgow, and there by Plurality of Voices of stich as are present, to elect and make Choice of thirteen of the Fewars of Port Glasgow and Nnvarky as Trustees for managing, conducting, and carrying on the publick Works hereafter directed to be made or done in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and for levying, collecting, and receiving the Duties herein granted, and for regulating and ordering the Police of the said two Towns; and that the thirteen Persons so to be chosen shall be and continue Trustees under this present Act for one Year afterwards, being until the last Tuesday of September immediately following; and a List of the said thirteen Persons shall, within three Days after their Election, be transmitted to the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow, out of which thirteen Persons the said Magistrates and Council shall choose one, who shall be and is hereby authorised to act as eldest Baillie in and over the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Inhabitants thereof, for the Space of one Year after his Election: And in case the said Magistrates and Council shall at any Time neglect or refuse to choose the eldest Baillie within ten Days after the said List of Trustees hath been transmitted to them the said Magistrates and Council; then, and in such Case, the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall have Power, and are hereby authorised and required, within six Days after the Expiration of the said ten Days, to name one of their Number to be the eldest Baillie for the Year then next ensuing; and immediately after such Election or Nomination of the said eldest Baillie, it shall be lawful for him and the other twelve Trustees, to be chosen as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, to meet and convene in the said Council Chamber of Port Glasgow, upon the third Day after the Election of the said eldest Baillie, or upon the first lawful Day

Power# of the before-recited Act extrnJcd to Newark,

Duties to be pi id to the Baillie, &c. oflort (>Uf» gow and New* ark, See,

Trustte^Names;

Meeting appointed for the Choice of 13 Trustees;

One of whom to be chosen eldest Baillie.

Trustees to elect one of their Number to be the youngest Ball e.

Trustees to dif-

qualify four of -their Number annually, and to cleft four others.

Lift of Trustee* to be delivered to the Magistrate«, &c. of Glasgow, and Bailiirg to be elected, annually.

No disqualified Tru ee to be rc-elected within 3 Years after. Qualifications of Electors,

and of Bailliet.

Penalty on Trustees refuting to act not to exceed 2 I. and on Bailliet not exceeding 5l.

Baillie', &c. impowered to contract for Ground, &c. for building Warehouse9,&c. and for the bringing fresh Water to Port Glasgow and Newark.

If Bailliet, &c. and Owners of Water, &c. cannot agree oa Terms of Purchase, Application to be made to the Sheiill-depute ot Ren-flew.

364 C. 60. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.- A.D. 1775.

after the Expiration of the said three Days, at twelve of the Clock at. Noon, and there elect and make Choice of one of the said twelve Trustees to be the youngest Baillie for one Year, in and over the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and whole Inhabitants thereof; to whom the said Baillies, or either of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to administer Justice, and to exercise all the Power and Authority by the Laws of Scotland committed to the Baillies of a Burgh or Barony.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Baillies and Trustees, to be chosen and elected as aforesaid, or any seven of them, to meet and convene in the said Council Chamber of Port Glasgow^ or in such other Place in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, or either of them, as they shall appoint, upon the last Turf'd ay in the Month of September yearly, after the Month of September next, and there, by Plurality of Votes, to disqualily four of their Number from being Trustees, and to elect and make choice of four of the Fewars of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark to supply the vacant Places of the said four Trustees to be disqualified as aforesaid; and such Lift of the said thirteen Trustees shall be annually delivered to the Magistrates and Counoil of Glasgow, within three Days after the said Election, and the cldcft and youngest Baillies of the said Towns shall be annually chosen in such Manner as ia herein-before directed, touching the Choice of Baiflies, in the Month of September next immediately after the passing of this Act; and that the said four Persons so to be elected and chosen, shall, with the Baillies and other Trustees, from Time to Time, be and continue Trustees for one Year and until the last Tuesday of Scpte?nber immediately following.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That none of the said four Trustees to be disqualified annually as aforesaid, shall be re-elected and chosen as Trustees, until after the Expiration of full three Years from the respective Times of their being disqualified, as above mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fewar in the Towns of Pert Glasgow and Newark shall be intitled to vote in the Election of the aforesaid thirteen Trustees* unless he be possessed of and stand infeft in a Property in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark* or either of them, of the yearly Value of five Pounds Sterling of free Rent; and that no Person shall be voted or elected as a Baillie or Trustee, unless he be possessed of a Property in the said Towns, or either of them, in which he shall stand infeft of the yearly Value of ten Pounds Sterling of free Rent;, and in case any of the Fcwars of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark shall be elected Trustees as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to accept of that Office, every Person so refusing or neglecting shall, by the Baillies for the Time betoig, or any one of them, be fined in a Sum of Money not exceeding two Pounds Sterling; and any of the said Trustees, who shall be elected and chosen to serve as a Baillie as aforesaid, that shall refuse or neglect to accept of that Office, and discharge the Duties thereof, shall forfeit a Penalty of five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner herein after mentioned \ and it shall be lawful for the said Baillies and Trustees, or any seven of them, to meet and convene, and elect and make choice of a new Baillie or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees, in the Room and Place of the Baillie or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees, refusing to accept of the respective Offices aforesaid, and shall also meet and convene in like Manner to make Choice of a Baillie or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees, in the Room of such as shall die during the Time of their being such Baillie or Baillies, Trustee or Trustees.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to contract and agree with the Owners or Proprietors of any Warehouses, Cellars, Sheds, and other Erections, for the Accommodation of Trade, and with the Owners or Proprietors of any Ground that shall be thought necessary to be purchased for the Purpose of building Warehouses, Cellars, Sheds, and other publick Works within the Bounds and Limits of the said two Towns of Port Glasgovj and Newark; and also with the Owners of any Springs or Fountains within one Statute measured Mile of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and with such other Person or Persons they shall judge proper, for the Liberty of collecting, receiving, and conveying the said Springs' and Fountains for supplying the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Port Gtafgcw and Newark with freth Water, and for the laying down Pipes and other Conductors for conveying the said Water, and building Cisterns and Reservoirs for collecting and receiving the same; and that the said Baillies and Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall pay such Rates or Consideration for the fume as shall be agreed upon between them and the Owners and Proprietors of such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid, either by absolute Purchase, or by Payment of a certain annual Sum for the Use of the same, and as shall be agreed upon with the aforesaid other Person or Persons for undertaking, doing, and performing the several W orks before mentioned; and that the said B:\ilhes and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, are hereby authorised and impowered to convey such Wafer into the said Towns of Port Gltfgow and Newark by Pipes, to be laid in and through the Grounds lying between such Springs and Fountiins as aforesaid and the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark and the Ciilernsor Reservoirs built or to be built thereon.

VII. And whereas it may happen that feme of the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of such Springs and Fountains as aforesaid, and of the Lands through which it may be necessary to convey the Water' from the said Springs and Fountains, and to lay down Pipes and other Conductors for that Purpose, may,

not agree with the said Baillies and Trustees for the Purchase of the said Water, and for the Privi- lege of laying such Pipes, or creating other Works on their respective Lands or Grounds; or may,

through Infancy, Minority, Defect of the Tiile Deeds, Incumbrances, Debts, or other Disabilities or - 4 causes be disabled to grant valid and effectual Conveyances of the Premises in favour of the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every of the Cases herein immediately before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Baillies and Trustees aforesaid, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to apply to the Sherifr-depute of the County of Renfrew* who, upon such Application, shall and he is hereby impowered and required to order a Violation and Inspection

3^5

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60.

to be made of such Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, and to call before him the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, or the Trustees, Tutors, or Curators, or others, having the Charge and Administration of the Affairs of such Owners and Occupiers, and requiring them, within a limited Time, tp shew Cause why such Springs or'Fountains should not be aliened or granted, or why the said Pipes and Conductors should not be laid through their Grounds, and Cifferns built thereon for the Purposes aforesaid; and that thereupon the said Sheriff* shall proceed to hear the said Parties, and to pronounce Sentence in the said Matter, in such Manner as shall appear to him reasonable and just.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, personiag?ri*Y-or themselves aggrieved, by the Sentence of the said Sheriff*, that it shall and may be lawful to such Per- ed mayappi/tJ son or Persons to apply, by Petition, to the Lords of the Council and Session to have such Sentence re*- the Lo/diof Sef-viewed, altered, or amended; and the said Lords of Session are hereby impowered and required to proceed and determine therein summarily, without abiding the Course of any Roll.

IX. Provided always, That such Application shall be made to the Lords of Session within fifteen Days, PtorlCo. to commence and to be computed from the Day on which the Court of Session shall fit after the said Sheriff shall have pronounced his Sentence as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon Trial it shall appear to the said Sheriff- Purchase money depute that the Springs, Fountains, and Grounds aforesaid may be so aliened and granted without essen- to be settled by tial Hurt or Prejudice to the Owners or Occupiers of the same, and it shall be so found and declared, that Jury*

then, and in such Case, for ascertaining the Value or Consideration to be paid for the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sheriff-depute, and he is hereby impowered and required, after the elapsing of the said Space in which the Persons who think themselves aggrieved are allowed to apply to the Court of Session for Redress as aforesaid, or in case of any such Application after a Decree of the said Lords shall be extracted thereupon, to summon and impannel a competent Number of discreet, substantial, and disinterested Persons, not less than fifteen, and out of such Persons so summoned and returned to name and appoint a Jury of nine Persons, each of them possessed of an Estate of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in the County of Renfrew, to come and appear before him, at such Time and Place as by his Warrant or Precept shall be directed, and to receive such Evidence as shall by either Party be brought before him; and the said Sheriff-depute shall examine such Witness'es as shall be brought by either Party in the Course of the said Evidence, upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), touching the Value to be paid to the respective Proprietors and Occupiers for the Liberty of collecting and using the said Springs or Fountains, and for laying Pipes and Conductors through the said Grounds, and building Cifferns and Reservoirs thereon, and for altering, amending, and repairing the Cisterns, Reservoirs, and Pipes, in all Time thereafter respectively, as the said Case shall be; and that the Verdict of the said Jury shall be final and conclusive in so far as shall refoedt the Consideration or Purchase Money to be paid to the Owners and Occupiers of such Springs, Fountains, or Grounds respectively, as aforesaid 5 and that all Parties concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff-depute aforesaid shall, s^er;ffde utc and he is hereby authorised and required, upon such Verdict being given as before mentioned, to pro- to pronounce* nounce Judgment for the Payment of such Sum or Sums so to be awarded by the said Jury, and to or- Judgment for dain the Owners or Occupiers and Proprietors of such Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, or their Truf- Payment of the tecs. Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit ^chafe-m©. and suffer the said Springs and Fountains to be collected or received into Cisterns or proper Reservoirs, to ncy' &Cm be erected by the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and also to permit and allow proper Pipes and other Conductors to be laid for the Conveyance of the said Water through their respective Lands or Grounds, and Cisterns and Reservoirs to be built thereon; and the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, and their Officers and Servants, to have Access and Liberty to make, alter, amend and repair the same for ever hereafter, in such Manner as the said Baillies and Trustees, or their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, shall order and di-red; and that the Judgment, Decree, or Determination, pronounced by the said Sheriff upon the said which shall be Verdict or Verdictr, conformable to the Method above prescribed, shall be binding and conclusive to all panr^J 10* Indents and Purposes whatever, against the several Proprietors and Occupiers of such Springs, Fountains, arue3' and Grounds, and the said Baillies and Trustees respectively; and that the same, or Extracts thereof from the Sheriff's Court Books shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pipes for conducing the Baillies, &c. to

Water aforesaid shall interfere wfth Houses built, or to be built, upon the Grounds within the Limits and remove Pipes Boundaries aforesaid of the said Towns of Port GIoj\ow and Newark, the said Baillies and Trustees, and improperly laid their Successors, shall be obliged, and are hereby required to remove all such Pipes at the proper Charges al the,r own I*

and Expences of the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors. peme*

[Continuance of

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in

Force, so far as the same relates to the purchasing of Springs, Fountains, and Grounds, for the Purposes this Act with re-

aforesaid, for the Space of fifteen Years, to be computed from the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand (pe& to purchas-

seven hundred and seventy-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and of sPnnB*> no longer. c*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Baillies,

said Badlies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, to appoint proper powered to levy Persons for watching and cleaning the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, and Passages, in and about a Tax of 6d. in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, and to appoint ^16* and pa the Streets and Bread of Port Glasgow and Newark^ which are already paved, to be properly repaired; ^easueeta,

L»mp» to be

|ighred *t such Timri as the Bailliea* Sec, shall appoint.

A UPersons dealing or wilfully damaging Ian pi, Sec,

to forfeit x!« Sterling,

or to be com-nmtcJ.

Penalty on Persons accidentally breaking or damaging Lampi, &c.

T»aiUie, See, may appoint a Clerk, Collector, and other OjHcers j

and Watchmen.

366 C. 60. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

and also to nave any new Streets, Lanes or Passages, which may be made in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark; and also to appoint Lamps to be erected at the most convenient Places within the said two Towns; and to lay a Tax on the Inhabitants in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newarkt within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, for bringing in Water, cleaning, paving, lighting, and watching, the same as aforesaid, and for the more effectually performing the other Purposes before recited in this Act* the said Tax not to exceed Sixpence Sterling in the Pound of the yearly real Rent of the Houses, and other Subjects possessed by them j and that all Vessels taking Water from the Pipes to be laid by virtue of this Act shall pay at the Rate of Eight-pence Sterling for every Ton of two hundred and fifty-two Gallons,

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, that all and each of the Lamps, which now are or hereafter (halt be erefled by or in pursuance of this Act, shall be lighted in the Afternoon of every Day; at such Hour or Hours as the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, (halt direct and appoint, from and after the first Day of October in each Year, to the first Day of April immediately following; but it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Baillies and Trustee6 to order and dire# the Lamps to be lighted sooner than the first Day of October in each Year, or to continue the lighting of such Lamps longer than the first Day of Aprils or both, as they shall see Cause.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall steal* takeaway, break, or throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps that now are, or hereafter shall be, set up for enlighting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Avenues, or Passages, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Iron or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also to and for any Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, or any of the Town Officers of Port Glasgow and Newark, in order to be secured, and conveyed before either of the said Baillies of the said two Towns; and that such Baillies shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Baillie is hereby authorised and required coadminister) 5 and that if the Party or Parties accused shall he convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two Pounds Sterling for each Lamp f6 broken, thrown down, of damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid; and, moreover, shall make full Satisfaction to the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Baillie is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol of the Town of Port Glasgow, or to the Gaol in the Town of Renfrew in the said County, for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month; and that such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any of the Lamps so set up, or to be hereafter set up, as aforesaid, or the Iron or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the Baillies of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Nexvark for the Tkne being, upon Complaint to him made by any one or more credible Witness or \yitnesses, to summon before him the Parties or Party who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid j and upon hearing the Allegations and Proof upon both Sides, or upon the Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Baillie shall think reasonable: And in case of Neeleft or Refusal of the said Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within ten Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, the Surplus, if any be, anting by such Sale, after deducting the necessary Charges and Expences of the said Distress and Sale, ro be liquidated by the said Baillie, to be paid to him, her, or them, when demanded; and in case no Payment is made, and that no Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders can be found, then it shall be lawful to the said Baillies, or any one of them, by Warrant under his or their Hands, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the Town of Port Glasgoxu, or of the County of Renfrew, for any Space not exceeding ten Days.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bullies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, at a publick Meeting assembled, shall have full Power, and they are hereby impowered and authorised to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a Clerk, or Collector or Collectors, and other proper Officers, with suitable Salaries, for levying the Duties and Impositions herein-before granted, and also such other Officers under them as they shall judge necessary to be employed for carrying this Act into Execution; and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or any of them, and to appoint others in their Stead; and that the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, may, yearly and every Year, order and appoint such Number of Watchmen as they shall judge proper to be kept within the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and shall elect such honest and able-bodied Men to be employed in that Service as they shall think best qualified for the same; and shall also direct where the several Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, and how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen for their Attendance 1

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60. 367

and also shall or may hire, erect, or maintain any proper Place or Places within the said Towns for the Reception of the said Watchmen, and shall make all such Regulations and Orders in Writing as the Nature of each particular Service shall appear to them to require.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates or Assessments by this Act imposed for defraying the Expence of bringing Water into, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, and for the more effectually performing the other Purposes before recited in this Act, shall be leviable and levied at the Term of Lammas yearly; and that if any Person or Persons who shall be rated and assessed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Assessment charged upon him, her, or them, in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of ten Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and empowered to coiled! and receive the same (such Demand being either personally made to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their respective House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode); that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand of any one of the Baillies of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark for the Time being (which Warrant Or Warrants the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said Bailljes are hereby authorised and required to grant), and, with the Assistance of a Peace Officer, or any Officer of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and there to seize and keep Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels \ and if the said Rate or Assessment shall not be paid within three Days next after such Seizure shall he made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, to sell by publick Auction at the Market Cross of Port Glasgow (which is hereby declared to be a legal Market Cross, and to be at the Place where the King's Street and Kirk Street in the said Town cross each other), so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Baillie or Baillies who shall have granted such Warrant respectively.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark shall be a Market Town; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, to hold weekly Markets at the Market Cross befGre mentioned, or at any other Part or Place they shall appoint and direct within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid; and also to make such Bye-laws, Rules, and Regulations, as they shall judge necessary and proper for regulating, ordering, and governing the said Marker, and to appoint and ordain such Byelaws, Rules and Regulations, to be observed and fulfilled, under such Fines and Penalties as the said Bail-lies, or any one of them, shall award, not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling; to be levied and recovered as herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assessments aforesaid shall be laid upon Dwelling-houses, Shops, Sheds, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaulis, of other Tenements actually possessed, occupied, and tenacted, at the Time of laying on the same only, and that the Possessor thereof, whether Proprietor or Tenant, shall be liable for the Payment of the said Assessments; and that if any Dwelling-houses, Shops, Sheds, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, which are not possessed at the Time of laying on the general Assessment, shall afterwards, during the Currency of that Year, become possessed, it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of, the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, to meet and assess the same in Manner before prescribed; and that it shall be in the Power of the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, if they shall see Cause for so doing, totally to exempt Houses of the yearly Rent of twenty*five Shillings Sterling or under from Payment of any Assessments by virtue of this Act.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Aflbflment shall be made or levied by virtue of this present Act for the Dry Dock and Sheds at Port Glasgow, belonging to the Community of the City of Glasgow, nor for what further Sheds may be hereafter built by the said City, nor for Orchards, Gardens, and other Grounds whereon no Houses or Buildings are erected; and that the Rents and Revenues therefrom arising shall, in all Time coming, be exempted and freed from the Payment of the aforesaid Rate or Assessment, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And, for determining the real Rent of each Dwelling-house, Shop, Shed, Cellar, Vault, 4 Warehouse, other Tenement, liable to the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed by virtue of this Act,' it is hereby further enacted, That the Tenant or Possessor shall be obliged to declare upon Oarh the Extent thereof, if required; which Oath either of the said Baillies are hereby impowered to administer; and that in case the Possessor or Possessors shall happen to be also Proprietors, he, she, or they shall be obliged in like Manner to declare the Price he, she, or they, or the Person or Persons under whom he, she, or they claim, paid for his, her, or their Pofllflion, or what it cost him, her, or them, and he, she, or they shall be assess'ed at the Rate aforesaid, according to the Rent, equal to six Pounds Sterling per Centum of such Price or Costs; or it shall be optional to the said Proprietor or Proprietors to have his, her, or their Subjects valued by two Men indifferent, difmterefled, on Oath, to be mutually chosen by them and the said Trustees, according to which Valuation the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall pay the aforesaid Assessment at the Rate of six Pounds per Centum as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised to make Regulations from Time to Time for removing Obstructions 3 and

When AffcAT. m< nts are to be letied.

On Refus*J of Payment, Col. leflor may feise Goods, &c,

and fell rite fame three Days after Seizure.

Weekly Marketv to be htld, &c.

What Hoof-s, &c. are to be aiJeffed.

Exception,

Tenants, &c. to declare the Extent of the r Rents, &c.

Obrtrucllona to be removed.

368

Billies, &c. Sm-powered to borrow 2000l. and assign the lUtcs ae a Security,

Minutes of Proceedings to be entered in proper Books.

Commissioners to bear tluir own Expences.

General Meetings to be held month ly. &c.

Bailliet, &c. 1m-powered to dig Stones, Sand, &c.

paying the Value thereof.

Road? tr> be made to the Harbour of Port Glasgow, &c.

exception.

1. 60. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775

and preventing Nufances of every Kind, within the Bounds and Limits comprised in this Act, and enforce the same by such small Penalties as they shall appoint, not exceeding in any Case ten Shillings Sterling for each Transgression; to be levied in Manner herein afeer mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, or any seven or more of them, at a publick Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by any Mortgage or Mortgages, after defraying the Charges of the Act, and of purchasing of Buildings and Grounds for the Purposes before mentioned, or other Act or Acts, Deed or Deeds, under their Hands duly executed, to borrow or take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousard Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the Rates, Duties, or Assessments, granted by this Act, for defraying the Charges of this Act, and of bringing in Water, lighting, paving, and watching the Streets of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, repairing and keeping in Repair the Bread and East and Wed Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, erecting publick Markets, paying Minister's Stipend, SchoolmadePs Salary, and other Works for the Utility and Conve-niency of the Inhabitants of the said two Towns within the Bounds and Limits thereof aforesaid, and may assign such Duties to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick ar Corporate, who shall furnish or advance such Money, or any Part thereof, as a Security for the Repayment of the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat the said Baillies and Trudces, and their Successors in Office, shall keep and enter in proper Books Minutes of their Proceedings, and fair, jud, and true Accounts of the Receipts and Disbur some nts of all Monies which shall be received or expended by them in consequence of this Act; which Books or Accounts and other Proceedings shall be open at all convenient Hours of Business to the Inspection of any of the Commissioners hereafter named, or to any of the Fewars of the said Towns of Port Ghfgovj and Newark, possessed and standing infeft in Lands within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid to the Value of five Pounds Stealing of Rent yearly; and the said Commissioners shall at every Meeting bear and pay their own Charges and Expences; and the said Accounts shall annually, on the Day of disqualifying and cleftin^ four of the aforesaid Trustees, be regularly balanced by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Billies and Trustees, and be laid before them, so as they may have a clear and didinft View of the Rates, AileAments, and Funds, to be levied by virtue of this Act, and of the Receipts, Disbursements, and Expenditures to be made in pursuance of this Act for the Year preceding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Questions and Business that shall be difeussed by the said Baillies and Trustees with relation to the Execution of this Act, shall only be when they are assembled in General Meetings, which are hereby appointed to be held on the first Tuesday of every Month, or at adjourned Meetings from the said General Meeting; and that all Questions and Business to be then and there transacted shall be determined by a Plurality of the Voices of the Baillies and Trustees aforesaid then present; and that the eldest Baillie for the Time, if he be present, and in case of his Absence, the youngest Baillie, shall preside at all Meetings of the said Trustees, and besides his having his Angle Vote in common with the other Trustees, (lull, in case of Equality of Voices, have the* carting or decisive Vote; and that any seven or more of the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby declared to be, a Quorum,

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, or their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to open Stone Quarries, Sand, Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gather, take, and carry away, from, such Quarries and Pits, any Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in or out of any Grounds lying within two Miles of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark (not being Ground on which stands any Houses, Garden, Orchard, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House), where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried off, or so much thereof as the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, shall judge necessary for repairing and keeping in Repair the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for building and erecting publick Markets and other publick Works in the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, within the Bounds and Lirqus aforesaid, for the Use and Utility of the Inhabitants thereof, the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, always paying the Value (to be estimated according to the Prices of such Materials at the Time in that Part of the Country) of the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Material, to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground, to the Proprietors, Liferenters, Tacksmen, and other Parties interested in such Grounds out of which such Materials shall be carried away in Manner aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and nny be lawful to and for the said Baillies, Trustees, and their Successors, and Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Servants, to make use of and maintain Roads from the said Grounds to be opened for quarrying and digging Stones, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, to any Part of the River and Firth of Clyde, or from the said Pits and Quarries to be opened as aforesaid, directly to the Harbour of Port G'afgiw, or to the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and to make the same through any Grounds belonging to any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being the Ground on which stands any House or Garden, Orchard, or Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any House), the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the (Bound through which the said Road or Roads pass to the Proprietors, Liferenters, Tacksmen, and other Parties concerned and interested in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or occasioned as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be in the Power of the said Baillies and Trustees, or their Successors, or of their Servants or Agents, or of any o her Person or Persons employed by them, to dig or carry away any Sand or other Materials for repairing or keeping in Repair the said Breast or Quays, or other Works afuiesaid, from or out of any of the San5

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60. 369

Banks and Fishing Places belonging to the Burgh of Dumbarton in the River Clyde^ or in the River Lrjen> without the Content of the Magistrates and Town Council of Dumbarton first had and obtained.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office or any seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, at any Time or Times hereafter, to rhake, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the better executing of this Act; and also, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend or alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem meet, fitting, and requisite; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding forty Shillings Sterling, for the Non-observance or other Breach of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part thereof (to be recovered and applied in such Manner as is hereafter directed); and the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous Place of the said Towns, and to pay the Expence and Charges thereof out of the Rates and Duties aforesaid.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner of the Recovery whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand of any one of the Baillies of the said Towns of Port Glasgovj or Newark, or any one of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offender shall dwell, which Warrant such Baillie or Justice is hereby authorised and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and that the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (after rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods shall be fodistrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress being first deducted), shall be paid to the Collator or Collectors of the Duties hereby granted for the Time being, and shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act: And that in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Baillie or Justice aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol of the County, or to the Gaol in Port Glasgow, therein to continue for a Time not exceeding two Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable TfTtUiam Earl of Glencaimy and his Successors in the Estate of Finlayftown, the Provost, eldest Baillie, and Dean of Guild of the City of Glasgow, and their Successors in Office, Robert Hamilton of Wishaw Esquire, and his Successors in the Estate of Newark, or any three of them, as a Quorum, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for reviling, examining, auditing, and confirming the Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Baillies and Trustees, under and by virtue of this Act, for the Ends and Purposes herein before mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held in the Council Chamber at Port Glasgow, upon the second Tuesday of October next, and upon the second Tuesday of October in every following Year and that the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors, shall, at every such General Meeting, cause to be laid before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, a true and fair Account of all Monies which shall have been collected and levied the Year preceding, from the Rates, Duties, Fines* and Forfeitures before mentioned, and of every Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been borrowed during the Year preceding, for the Uses and Purposes before mentioned; and also of all the Monies which shall have been used, paid, and applied, out of the same, for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes herein before mentioned; and that all the said Accounts shall be examined and certified by the Commissioners present at such annual Meeting, or by the Majority of them; and that the said Commissioners shall, at every such Meeting, bear their own Charges.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the said Commissioners, or the Majority of them, assembled at such annual General Meeting, to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause 5 and also it shall be in the Power of the said Baillies and Trustees, and their Successors in Office, at all Times, to call Meetings of the said Commissioners, when Necessity shall require, by Advertisements for that Purpose, published at least fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting, in all the Glasgow Newspapers for the Time being; and that no Business shall be proceeded in at any of the said Meetings unless there be three Commissioners at least present.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or intrude upon, any Right of Property, Jurisdiction, or Power of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow, and their Successors, in, about, or concerning, the Harbour, Dock, Breast, Piers and Quays, built and to be built at Port Glasgow, and particularly the New or Mid Quay or Pier, lately built at Port Glasgow by the said Magistrates and Council; and also saving and referying to the said Magistrates and Council, and Community of the City of Glasgow, all Rights and Privileges, whether of Property, Superiority, or Jurisdiction, that they have or are in Possession of, in and upon the River Clyde, except in so far as contained in the aforesaid Contract; also saving and reserving to the said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, and to all Lords of Baronies, and to all other Bodies Politick or Corporate, and other Person or Persons whatever, all their legal Rights, Estates, and Intcrtfts in the Premises, and particularly reserving to all Proprietors of Ground, within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark^ through which Pipes or Conductors have already been or may hereafter be brought, full Power and Liberty, at any Time hereafter, to take and use Water for themselves and the Inhabitants dwelling on or

Baillies, &c at General Meeting*, may \r ilcc Bye*iauf, &c.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

For want of

Distress, Offenders to be committed.

Commissionert

for auditing Accounts of Brill-lies, &c.

Commissionert to meet annual-]7i

and to heir their own Expence*.

Meetings may be adjourned, &c.

Reformation of Rights.

370

Rights of Robert Hamilton of Wiftiaw, Esq| reserved.

Oaths may be administered by Baillies or Justice of the Peace.

Defendants may produce this Act in any Suit, &c.

[Treble Costs.]

Sheriffs, &c. to assist in putting this Act in Execution.

Publick Act,

[Preamble.]

His Majesty's Letters Patent granted to James \Vatt recited.

Specification of the File Engine.

C. 6l. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

possessing such Grounds 5 and also reserving to all and every Person or Persons within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, already possessed of Pipes for bringing Water into the said To wns of Port Glasgow or Newark, or either of them, and being served with Water by the said Pipes, their full Rights and Interests in the Premises, as formerly enjoyed by them.

XXXVII. And jt is hereby specially provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained 'shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, lessen, hurt, or infringe, any Right of Superiority, Jurisdiction, or other Right whatsoever, which the said Robert Hamilton of Wishaw Esquire, or his Predecessors, now have or had over the Grounds of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, within the said Bounds and Limits aforesaid; and that all Right whatever competent to him therein shall continue and remain with him, his Heirs and Successors, and have the same Effect as formerly, and as if this present Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Gases where Cognizance is given to any of the said Baillies of Port Glasgow and Newark, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Baillie or Baillies, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons, for his or their more certain Information in the Matter or Matters which shall be then depending.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted hv the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Suit or Action shall be commenced against the said Baillies and Trustees, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Action may produce this A cl, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority and in pursuance of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action, or Actions, and shall have Treble Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and eft'edual Execution: And that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of Law and Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for vesting in James Watt, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigna, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described in the said Act, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent, under the 4 W Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the fifth Day of January, in the ninth Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto James Watt, of the City of Glasgow, Merchant, his Executors, Admi- nistrators, and Assigns, the sole Benefit and Advantage of making and vending certain Engines, by him invented, for lessening the Consumption of Steam and Fuel in Fire Engines within that Part of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and also in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, for the Term of fourteen Years;

with a Proviso, obliging the said James Watt, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to cause a parti- cular Description of the Nature of the said Invention to be inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, within four Months after the Date of the said recited Letters Patent: And whereas the said James Watt did, in pursuance of the said Proviso, cause a particular Description of the said Engine to be inrolled in the said High Court of Chancery, upon the twenty-ninth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, which Description is in the Words and Form, or to the Effect following; that is to say, 44 My Method of lessening the Consumption of Steam, and confe- questly Fuel, in Fire Engines, consists of the following Principles: First, That Vessel in which the Powers of Steam are to be employed to work the Engine which is called The Cylinder in common Fire Engines, and which call The Steam VefjeU must, during the whole Time the Engine is at Woik, be kept as hot as the Steam that enters it; first, by inclosing it in a Case of Wcoi, or any other Materials that transrrit Heat slowly; secondly, by surrounding it with Steam, or other heated Bodies; and, thirdly, by fwffering neither Water, or any other Substance colder than the Steam, to enter or touch it 4< during that Time. Secondly, In Engines that are to be worked wholly or partially by Condensation gt of Steam, the Steam is to be condensed in Vessels distinct from the Steam Vessels or Cylinders, al- though occafi nally communicating with them; these Vessels I call Condensers \ and, whilst the Engines are working, these Condensers ought at least to be kept as cold as the Air in the Neighbourhood of the Engines, by Application of Water, or other cold Bodies. Thirdly, Whatever Air or other elastick Vap ur is not condensed by the Cold of the Condenser, and may impede the Working of the Engine, 44 is to be drawn out of the Sream Vessels or Condensers by means of Pumps, wrought by the Er.g nes themselves, or otherwise. Fourthly, I intend in many Cases to employ the cxpanhvc Force of Steam to press on the Pistons, or whatever may be used instead of them, in the same Manner as the Pressure of the Atmosphere is now employed in common Fire Engines: In Cases where cold Water cannot be had in Plenty, the Engines may be wrought by this Force of Steam only, by discharging the Steam into the #4 open Air after it has done its Office;" [which Fourth Article the said James Watt declares, in a Note

C. 61.

37i

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.

affixed to the Specification of the said Engine, should not be understood to extend to any Engine where the Water to be raised enters the Steam Vefle) itself, or any Vessel having an open Communication with v

it ] 44 Fifthly, Where Motions round an Axis are required, I make the Steam Vessels in Form of hollow Rings, or circular Channels, with proper Inlets and Outlets for the Steam, mounted on horizontal Axles,

like the Wheels of a Water Mill; within them are placed a Number of Valves, that suffer any Body 4‘ to go round the Channel in one Direction only; in these Steam Vessels are placed Weights, so ntted to them, as entirely to fill up a Part or Portion of their Channels, yet rendered capable of moving freely in them, by the Means herein after mentioned or specified: When the Steam is admitted in these Engines, between these Weights and the Valves, it acts equally on both, so as to raise the Weight to one Side of the Wheel, and by the Re-action on the Valves, successively, to give a circular Motion to the Wheel, the Valves opening in the Direction in which the Weights are pressed, but not in the contrary j as the Steam Vessel moves round, it is supplied with Steam from the Boiler, and that which has performed its Office may either be discharged by means of Condensers, or into the open Air. Sixthly,

I intend, in some cases, to apply a Degree of Cold, not capable of reducing the Steam to Water, but of contracting it considerably, so that the Engines shall be worked by the alternate Expansion and Contraction of the Steam. Lastly, Instead of using Water to render the Pifton or other Parts of the Engines Air and Steam tight, I employ Oils, Wax, resinous Bodies, Fat of Animals, Quicksilver, an<h 44 other Metals, in their fluid State." And whereas the said James Watt hath employed many Years, and 4 a considerable Part of his Fortune, in making Experiments upon Steam, and Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, with a View to improve those very useful Machines, by which several very considerable Advantages over the common Steam Engines are acquired; but upon account of the many Difficulties which always arise in the Execution of such large and complex Machines, and of the long Time requisite to make thenecessary Trials, he could not complete his Intention before the End of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, when he finished some large Engines as Specimens of his Construction, which slave succeeded so as to demonstrate the Utility of the said Invention: And whereas, in order to manufacture these Engines with the necessary Accuracy, and so that they may be sold at moderate Prices, a considerable Sum of Money must be previously expended in erecting Mills,

and other Apparatus; and as several Years, and repeated Proofs, will be required before any considerable Part of the Publick can be fully convinced of the Utility of the Invention, and of their Interest to adopt the same, the whole Term granted by the said Letters Patent may probably elapse before the said James 4 Watt can receive an Advantage adequate to his Labour and Invention: And whereas, by furmftiing '* mechanical Powers at much less Expence, and in more convenient Forms, than has hitherto been done,

his Engines may be of great Utility in facilitating the Operations in many great Works and Manufac- tures of this Kingdom; yet it will not be in the rower of the said James Watt to carry his Invention into that complete Execution which he wifties, and so as to render the same of the highest Utility to the Publick of which it is capable, unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged, and his Property in the said Invention secured, not only within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, but also within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for such Time as may enable him to obtain an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Time, and Expence: To the End, therefore, that the said James Watt may be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said Invention, so that the rublick may reap all the Advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullest Extent/ may it please your most Excellent Majesty (at the humble Petition and Request of the said James Watt) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the sole Privilege and Advantage of Sole Privilege of making, constructing, and felling the said Engines, herein before particularly described, within the King- waking, &c. said <lom of Great Britain, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, shall be, and are hereby de- Enginesveftedm dared to be, vested in the said James Watt, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of twenty-five Years; and that he the said James Watt? his Executors, Administrators, and for 25 Years. Assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or such others as he the said James Watt, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall at any Time agree with, and for no others, from Time to Time, and at all Times, during the Term of Years herein before mentioned, shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend the said Engines, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, in such Manner as to him the said James Watty his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall in their Discretions seem meet; and that the said James JVatty his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage, from Time to Time coming, crowing, accruing, and arising, by reason of these his said Inventions, for the said Term of twenty-five Years, to have, hold, receive and enjoy the same, for and during and to the full End and Term of twenty-five Years, as aforesaid; and that no other Person or Persons within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or any of his Maj; fly's Colonies or Plantations abroad, shall, at any Time during the said Term of twenty-five Years, either directly or indirectly, do, make, use, or put in Practice, the said Inventions, or any Part of the same, so attained unto by the said James Watt as aforesaid, nor in any wise counterfeit, imitate* or resemble the same; nor shall make, or cause to be made, any Addition thereunto, or Subftraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself or themselves the Inventor or Inventors, Devisor or Devifors thereof, without the Licence, Consent, or Agreement of the said James JVatty his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, first had and obtained rn that Behalf, upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be juttly in Aided on such Offenders for

372

This Act not to extend to hinder any Person from making or using any Fire Engine, &c. which is not the present Invention of the said James Walt.

[Proviso.]

The Privileges

granted by this Act\ not to be transferred to more than 5 Persons

cn Penalty of forfeiting the same.

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

C. 62. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

their Contempt of this Act; and further, to be answerable to the said James Watt, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby occasioned.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or hinder any Person or Persons from making or using any Fire or Steam Engine, or any particular Contrivance relating to the same, which is not at present of the Invention of the said James Watt, or which has been publickly used or exercised by any other Person or Persons before the Time of the Date of the said Letters Patent herein recited; but that all such Engines and Contrivances which are not at present of the said Invention of the said James Watty or are not particularly specified \n

, this Act, shall be and remain to the Publick, and to the respective Inventors thereof, as if this Act had never been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That every ObjeSion in Law competent against the said Patent, shall be competent against this Act to all Intents and Purposes, except so far as relates to the Term hereby granted.

IV. Provided always, That if the said James Watt, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any Person or Persons who shall at any Time, during the said Term of twenty-five Years, have or claim any Rfghr, Title, or interest, in Law or Equity, of, in, or to the Power, Privilege, or Authority, of the sole Use and Benefit of the said Invention, shall make any Transfer or Alignment, or pretended Transfer or Assignment, of the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit or Profits thereof; or shall declare any Trust thereof to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for publick Subscriptions, to be made by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted; or shall by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of money whatsoever, of any Number of Persons exceeding in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the like Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corporate Body; or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby granted, into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to Decommitted or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, which shall be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, made in the fix th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges intended to* be granted by his Majesty, by two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandises at Seay and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned \ or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time become veiled in or in Trust for more than the Number of five Persons, or their Representatives, at any one Time, otherwise than by Devise or Succession (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the single Persons whom they represent, as to such interest as they are or shall be intitled to in Right of such their Testator or Intestate); that then, and in every of the said cases, all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted shall utterly cease, determine, and become void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier at the Town of Mevagissey, in the County of Cornwall.

WHEREAS the Town of Mevagissey, in the County of Cornwall is situated on the South Side of the said County, contiguous to the British Channel, and hath been for a long Series of Years found a very convenient Situation for carrying on the Pilchard Fishery; and the same has been done to the great Advantage, not only of the Publick in general, but of many Persons concerned or employed therein; and for the Safety and Protection of Vessels employed in the said Fishery, and others who might have Occasion to navigate to and from the said Town, a small Pier was formerly erected and kept in Repair by the Owner of the Ground and Soil near to the same; and certain small Dues were taken from the Owners of all such Vessels as partook of the Protection thereof: And whereas the said Pier having been found very incommodious, difficult of Access, and inadequate to the Increase of the said Fishery, and the Resort of Vessels to the said Town, the same hath been suffered to fall into Ruin and Decay; and it hath been judged necessary to erect a new Pier upon a more extended and enlarged Plan; 4 for which Purpose the Sum of one thousand three hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, hath been subscribed and paid; which hath been expended in executing Part of the Work intended to be carried into Execution; and in order to make and erect the proper Embankments, Quays, Wharfs, Ways, Passages, and Approaches to the said Pier, and for the Protection thereof, it is necessary to vest in Commissioners the Soil of a sufficient Quantity of Ground; and for that End, and for completing the several Works aforesaid, and in making Satisfaction to the Owners of the Ground and Soil which will be used in effecting the same, it hath been found, that the further Sum of three thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, will be necessary; and that, by laying a reasonable Tonnage or Duty on all Ships and other Vessels which shall partake of the Benefits resulting from the said Improvements, not only the said further Sum, but the interest thereof, and of the Sums already advanced, may be kept down, and the said Pier and Works at all Times kept and maintained in good and sufficient Repair; 'yet, nevertheless, the good Ends and

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62.

Purposes aforesaid cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament j* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who for the Time being shall be leiicJ of any Freehold or Inheritance of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (except those potttffed of a Freehold under a Lease granted for a Life or Lives absolute, with a reserved yearly Kent payable out of the same), within the Town and Parish of Mevagissey, of the clear yearly Value of ten Pounds above Reprizes; that all such Person and Persons as shall or rmy for the Time being be seised respectively of the Freehold or Inheritance of the several Houses of Carl:ah in the Parish of Saint Michael Car hats, of Trevearthenick in the Parish of Cor nelly, of Penrice in the Parish of Saint Aujlell of Heligan in the Parish of Saint Ewe, the Vicar of Alcvagijjey for the Time being, the Right FLmourable Rchert Lord Viscount Clare in the Kingdom of Ireland, John Quicke of Nanfvjhydden in the County of Cornwall Esquire, and John Symmons of Slebeck in the County of Pembroke Esquire, Samuel Bail Stephen Rice^Thomas jfago, Roger Pajcoe, Oliver Pafcoe, John Pearce, Richard Nicholls, Philip Ball, John Rawe, " tills

373

Trustees appointed 1

Incsfr of Death, he. other Truf-tcct to be elected.

and John Mills the elder, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be. Their Power* and they are hereby constituted and appointed Trustees, for carrying on, completing, maintaining, and preserving, the said Pier, and for executing such other Works as to them, or any live or more of them, at their General Meeting assembled, shall (eem most proper and convenient, and for putting in Execution all other the Powers in and by this Act given and granted, according to the Method herein after prescribed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to order and direct all Matters and Things, and to cause the same to be done, from Time to Time, which shall be necessary for the carrying on, completing, maintaining, and preserving, the said Pier, and the other Works directed to be done, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Trustee,

Inhabitant of the said Town of Mevagissey, shall die, or cease to be an Inhabitant of the said Town of Mevagissey% the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint one or more Person or Persons, being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town of Mevagissey, being possessed of or intitled to a Real or Personal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds, to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Room of such Trustee or Trustees so dying, or ceasing to be an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town; and such Trustee or Trustees, so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall have the same Power and Authority for putting this Act in Execution as the Trustee or Trustees in whose Place or Places he or they were so chosen were in veiled with.

III. And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the said Trustees shall be on the fourteenth Day after the passing of this Act, at the House of Joseph Wilson, within the said Town of Mevagissey, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to meet and assemble from Time to Time as they fee proper, at such Place or Places as they shall judge most convenient, within the said Town of Mevagissey, for carrying on and effecting the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and their Agents and Officers, from Time to Time* by their Orders and Directions, to take away or remove any Obstructions that may be necessary to be taken away or removed for the improving, completing, and maintaining, the said rier and other Works as aforesaid, or for the better attaining the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the respective Owner or Owners of the Premises in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may, be lawful for the said Trustees appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, to contract and agree with any Workmen, Artificers, or other Persons whomsoever, bona fide, for the making and doing all and every or any Part of the Wo»k or Business to be done in or about the completing the said Pier, and also with any Person or Persons for Timber, Stones, or other Materials which shall be necessary to be used in or about the completing the said Pier and other Works aforesaid.

VI. And whereas, in order for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, it will be necessary to extinguish the said ancient Dues, and to vest in the Trustees appointed by this Act not only the Ground and Soil upon which the said Pier shall (land, but also five hundred and sixty Feet of Ground in Length, for the Purpose of erecting a Wharf and Approach to the said Pier, to be ascertained by a

direct Line from the Stairs of a certain Place called The Old Quay, to the Wharf of a certain Cellar next the Sea, now in the Occupation of Robert Glanvill, and to be continued in a straight Line from the said Cellar Wall to a certain other Cellar Wall next a Place called The Strand, now in the Occupation of Charles Pearce, and in Breadth twenty Feet, to be ascertained by Admeasurement from the Line connecting the Cellar Walls of the said Robert Glanvill and Charles Pearce outward towards the Beach, and from the Cellar Wall of the said Robert Glanvill to the Old Quay Stairs 5 and likewise twenty Feet in Breadth, from the Eastern End of the said intended Wharf, to be continued from thence, as an Approach to the Platform of the said Pier: And whereas, as a full Satisfaction and Compensation for the said Ground and ancient Dues, it hath been agreed, that the clear annual Sum of ten Pounds shall be charged upon the said Pier and Wharfs, and be paid out of the Tolls or Duties by this Act laid or imposed, for the Benefit of the present and future Owners of the said Ground, and the Person or Persons who is, are, or could be intitled to claim and demand the said ancient Dues;' be it therefore enacted,

That the said ancient Dues shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby ex-tinguished, and shall be no longer payable or demandable; and that the said Ground and Soil whereon the said Pier doth or shall (land or be erected, and also the said Pieces of Ground herein before described, shall from thenceforth be, and the same are hereby accordingly vested in the said Trustees and their Successors,

Time and Place of the

Meeting of the TrufUes,

Trailers may remove Obstruc-lionr,

making Satisfaction to Owners.

Trust<r» may contract for nr*king the Work*.

Certain n*ressary Things to be done for the Purposes of this Act.

as

Ancient D:ri to beextingoi hri; and Ground for the Pier, vd other Gro-ind to be purchasird, ▼etfed in Trustees*

274

Pier nnc! Wharfs t h :ir&raliie with i!'" Fjya er.t of iot. per Anni-in <( r the Groui.d -purt haled.

Trolees to pay the said iol. per A rum m out v.f the Tolls.

Trustees may opurchafi; Other Xonds«

Bodies Politick, or other Persons under Incapacity, impowered to convey Lands, £tc«

feoffees in Trust, Sec, -indemnified for io doing.

<If Persons fuf-tain Damage by Neglect or Default, Trustees Tray settle the Recompence 5

but if such Persont be difT-itis-fied, a Jury to be summoned*

Jurymen may be

challenged; and Witnesses anay be exarnin-

C. '62. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

as their absolute Estate and Property, for the Purposes of this Act, for ever, free from all Charges, Incumbrances, and Estates whatsoever, subject only to the said annual Sum of ten Pounds.

6 VII. And that in Consideration thereof,* be it further enacted, That the said Pier and Wharfs, and the Tolls and Duties hereby laid and imposed, shall, in the first Place, be liable to and charged with the clear annual Sum of ten Pounds, to be paid and payable to the present and future Owners of the said ancient Dues and Pieces of Ground herein before described, for ever, at two Days or Times in the Year, by equal Portions, that is to say, the twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on such of the said Days as shall first happen after the passing of this Act; and that the Person or Persons, the Possessors of Nanfwbydden and Manors of Mcvagiffey, who for the Time being shall be intitled to the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, shall have and be intitled to all such Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the same as are ufuilty given in the Cases of Rent-charge.

VIII. And, for the more regular and punctual Payment of the said annual Sum of ten Pounds,* be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby authorised and directed, from Time to Time, as the said annual Sum shall become due, to pay the same out of the said Trull Monies then or which shall afterwards first come to their Hands, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any other Buildings, Houses, Grounds, or Estates, as they shall find necessary for, them to be possessed of, or to be removed, or otherwise employed, for the better Execution of the Purposes of this Act.

X. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, FeoF- fees in Trust, Infants, Femes-covert, or others disabled by Law to grant or convey the Inheritance in Lands, may be seised of Lands and Tenements which may be necessary to be conveyed and made use of for the Purposes of this Act;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes-covert, or other Ccftuique Trusts, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at their publick Meeting or Meetings, from Time to Time to be appointed for the Sale of, and to convey to the said Trustees, or their Successors, for such valuable Consideration as shall be bona fide agreed upon, such Buildings, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, adjudged necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be bona fide made for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be good and effectual' in Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted, That all reoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons aforesaid, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, fuftaio any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Hereditaments, or Property, by the Execution of any of the Power of this Act, by any Act, Neglect, or Default of the said Trustees, or of the Workmen employed therein, or otherwise, in every such Case, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to settle and agree upon such Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the same to the Person or Persons injured or aggrieved, as they shall judge (it and reasonaMe to be paid, out of the Monies arising or to be raised in pursuance or by virtue of this Act; but if it shall happen that the Person or Persons making Complaint of such Losses or Damages shall dislike or be dissatisfied with such Recompence and Satisfaction, in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required and impowered, from Time to Time, upon Request in Writing to be made or given to them, or any five or more of them, by such Person or Persons injured or aggrieved as aforesaid, to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff for the Time being of the said County of Cornwall, requiring such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return, and the said Sheriff is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return, a Jury of twenty-four able and sufficient Men, qualified according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in and by such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and also to return Issues upon every Person so impannelled and returned the Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be duly estreated and levied; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen appearing, such Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from Timeto Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in question: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may authorise and order the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter in question; which Jury, upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Trustee, (which Oaths, and also proper Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses before the said Trustees, the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), shall inquire how far the said

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62. 375;

aid Trustees, or their Agents or Servants, have any-ways occasioned such Damage; and if any shall J»rrto*flcfithe-appear, such Jury shall atl'cCs the Value of such Damage, and the said Trustees, or any five or more of Value of the them, shall pay to the Party or Parties so aggrieved or injured the Money so assessed: And in case the said pjf^ent be Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall not (being thereunto required) make such Payment within not m'llT/toPath irty Days after such Request made, the Person or Pci foris aggrieved, or his, her, or their Agents, may tons aggrieved appoint one or more Person or Persons to collect and receive the Rates and Duties by this Act given, within 30 Day*. Charged, and made payable, and thereout to pay the Damages which shall have been settled and a fib (led as they may coiled aforesaid; and the Money to be received and collected by such Person or Persons so appointed shall be, and the RaUi# is hereby declared to be, as so much Money received to ihc Use of the Person or Persons who hath or have suffered such Damage, in Order and Course successively as such Determination shall be in Priority of Time; and after such Damage or Damages so settled and a fib fled, and the reasonable Charges of such Collection shall be paid and finished, the Power and Authority of the Person or Persons so appointed Collector or Receiver, Collectors or Receivers, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall ceufe and determine. NoS-trMloir

XIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be intitled to Satisfaction for any f0 Allowed

Damages, nor shall the said Trustees, or any of them, be obliged to take any Notice of any Application unlessCoinplainr in relation thereto, unless the Complaint of such Damages shall have been made within the Space of three be made within* Calendar Months next after such Damages shall have been sustained. 3 Months*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the Pier, Quays, The Property of Wharfs, Docks, and all other Works to be erected, made, or done, in pursuance of this Act, and also the Piers,(Juaya*.. the Property of the Ground whereon such Works shall be erected, shall be vested in the said Trustees and ani^hair, V their Successors; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring *eeCJ ln rtt Actions, or prefer Rills of Indictment, against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take away, break

down, or spoil, any Works or Materials used or to be used in the Work of completing and maintaining the said Pier, or shall do any Act, Matter, or Thing, whereby any Damage may accrue to the said Pier or Works; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to let out, for the bed Rent that can be obtained, such Wharfs, Docks, or Lands, the Property whereof is hereby vested in them, for any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, the Rent arising therefrom to be applied towards completing and maintaining the said Pier and Works.

XV. And; to prevent any Exactions and unreasonable Demands from the respective Tenants or Lef- fees under the said Trustees,* be it enacted, That the said Trustees (h ill, in every Agreement they shall Truteei Small* enter into for the leafing or letting such Wharfs, Docks, or other Works, as aforesaid, expressly mention Le»frsu>men— what Sums shall be demanded or taken by the respective Tenants or Lessees for the Use of such Wharfs,

Docks, or other Works, of the Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel occupying the same; and if such

Tenant or Lessee shall demand or take more thap the Sum stipulated by such Agreement, such Tenant or penalty on Lef-

Lessee shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble the Sum demanded more than he shall be allowed to fees demanding.

take by such Agreement, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned; one Moiety of rT,ore than the

which Forfeiture shall be applied to the completing and maintaining the said Pier and other Works, and Sum3

the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall prosecute, sue for, an J recover the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand ^ow^BalUft seven hundred and seventy-five, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall thrower empty any Ballast, Earth,

Dust, Ashes, Rubbish, or Stones, into the said Pier, or take away any Ballast, Shingle, Stones, or other pj,r# 0ruice Things, the Removal or taking away of which may be prejudicial to the said Pier, or to the Works erected away Stones, or to be erected for the Security of the same, or do any Act, Matter, or Thing, to prejudice or annoy the same; and if any such Prejudice or Annoyance shall be done, the Matter thereof shall be examined 4.0*. Penalty oo into by the said Titiftccs hereby appointed, or by virtue of this Act to be appointed from Time to Time, Hcrfon* oiTdnd— or any three or more of them, who are hereby impowered, for every such Offence, to impose any Fine or u>g#"

Fines upon every or any Person or Persons so offending, not exceeding the 'Sum of forty Shillings, which the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or cny three or more of them, shall for that Purpose name or appoint, are hereby impowered to levy and raise, by Distress and Sale of the respective Goods and Chattels of every or any such Offender or Offenders, rendering to him or them the Overplus, if any there be, and he, she, or they, shall demand the same; and the said Fine or Fines, when levied, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, to be applied as herein after directed.

XVII. And, for the more orderly Government of the said Pier, and for the better preserving the Tnifleewnar fame, and the Pier or Piers, and other Works, now erected or hereafter to be erected there, from Prejudice

appoint Per

or Damage,' be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and appoint, by Writing under ef *]1 their Hands and Seals, a Person or Persons, as they shall think proper, with such annual Allowance or Salary out of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted and made payable as they shall think fit, not exr ceeding ten Pounds per Annum; and such Person or Persons, so appointed, shall, from Time to Time, order and require all and every or any Person or Persons, having the Command or Rule of any Ship, Bark,

Boat, o* or her Vessel, entering into, lying, being, or abiding within the said Pier, to lie, anchor, moor,

and ballast the same, in such proper Place or Places within the said Pier as the said Person or Persons so

appointed shall order, assign, or direct for that Purpose; provided that the Person or Persons so appointed

shall, to the best of his or their Skill and Knowledge, order or require such Ship, Bark, Boat, or Veftc),

so lie, an hor, moor, or ballast, in a Place of Safety; and in case any Person or Persons then having the 5b Pcmltytw

Rule or Command of any Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, shall neglect or refuse so to do, he and they, ComfrarWm of

and each of them, for such Neglect or Refusal, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; fu^s for Rc*'

to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed.

TruGeti to *p-doint Receiver of the Rates to br pijil on landing of Cojd3.

TbJ^utirl.

C. 62. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, that for the better effecting and Support of the Premises, there shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, be paid to the said Trustees, and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint as their Deputy or Deputies, Receiver or Receivers, to collect and receive the same; and they the said Trustees, and their Successors, and such Person or Persons ?s they, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and impowered to demand^ collect, receive, and take, of and from the Masters and Owners, Master and Owner, or other Person or Persons having the RuIe or Command of every Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to lay,

XIX. For every Bushel (each Bushel to contain eighty-four Pounds Weight) of Foreign or British Salt imported, or brought Coastwise, for the Purpose of curing Pilchards, Herrings, or any other Fish for Exportation, and on which a Bounty is allowed, one Halfpenny per Bushel; to be paid immediately on the landing the said Salt on the Quay, Wharf, Beach, Strand, or any Part of the Town of Mevagissey :—For every Quarter of a Wcyof Coals, Culm, and Cinders (according to the Admeasurement of the Port of Fnue\>)% landed at the Quay, Wharf, Beach, Strand, or any Part of the Town of Alegavijjey^ Four-pence per Quarter:—For every Srop-sean (with the Tuck-sean, one Sean-boat, one Follower, and one Lurker thereto belonging) already fat out from and belonging to the said Town of Mevagissey, the Sum of one Pound and one shilling yearly, payable at Christmas For every new or additional Stop-sean (with the Tuck-sean, one Sean-ooat, one Follower, and one Lurker thereto belonging), upon their first setting out from and belonging to the said Town of Mevagijpy, the Sum of four Pounds and four Shillings, and the further yearly Sum of one Pound and one Shilling, payable at Christmas For every Stop-sean brought into the said Pier by Non-inhabitants, or partly Inhabitants, or partly Non-inhabitants, of the said Town of Mevagissey, with one Tuck-sean, one Sean-boat, one Follower, and one Lurker, such Non-inhabitants curing the Fish taken in the said Sean in the said Town of Mevagissey, the Sum of four Poupds and four Shillings; to be paiJ immediately on the landing of any Part of the said Fish within the said Pier, Qray, Wharf, Beach, Strand, or any Part of the said Town of Alevagijfey; and the further yearly Sum of one Pound and one Shilling, payable at ChriJImas For every Driving-boat, carrying a String of Nets for taking Pilchards, the said Boat belonging to or having fat out from the said Town of Mevagissey the yearly Sum of one Pound and one Shilling, payable at Christmas:—For every other Boat (except Sean-boats, Followers, or Furkers) fat out from or belonging to the said Town of Mevagissey, the yearly Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, payable at Christmas:—b or every new or other Boat (except such Sean, Follower, or Lurker Boats, as aforesaid) bought by or belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Me- vagifley, the Sum of three Shillings and Fourpence on the first entering of such Boats into the said Pier, over and above the said yearly Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence:—For every Person employed or aifting as a Seaner on Board such Boats, having a Stop-sean and Tuck-sean thereunto belonging, the yearly Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, payable at Christmas\ which said Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence the Master-feaner, Owner or Owners, of such Seans and Boats, are hereby authorised to deduct and detain out of the first Wages of every such Seaner:—For every Vessel belonging to the said Town of Me-vagijjc)^ the yearly Sum of Sixpence per Ton, payable at Christmas, as an annual Composition for every such Vessel, so long as the Owner or Master thereof shall duly pay the same* within ten Days after such Composition shall become due, otherwise such Vessel shall be subject to the Payment of such other Dues as are hereby laid on other Vessels navigating within the said Pier not belonging to the said Town of Me-vagijjey 7 —For every Vessel not wholly belonging to the said Town of Mevagissey, but one Half or a larger Pait of such Vessel being the Property of an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton on the first Entrance or coming in of such Vessel into the said Pier, Quay, Wharf, Beach, Strand, or any Part of the said Town of Mevagijpy, and afterwards to pay after such Rate, and in such Manner, as other Vessels belonging to the said Town:—For the Keelage of every other British Boat, upon eavh Entry into the said Pier, Quay, Wharf, Beach, or Strand, the Sum of one Shilling; and of every other British Sloop or VeflH of twenty Tons Burthen and upwards, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence; and of every other British Sloop or Vessel of thirty Tons Burthen, the Sum of two Shillings; and of every other British Sloop or Vessel upwards of thirty Tons Burthen, the Sum of three Shillings; and of every other British Sloop or Vessel of sixty Tons Burthen and upwards, the Sum of four Shillings and Sixpence; *nd of every other British Sloop or Vessel of one hundred Tons Burthen and upwards, the Sum of six Shillings; and of every other British Sloop or Vessel of two hundred Tons Burthen and upwards, the Sum of eight Shillings; and for the b.ilJafling of or discharging of Ballast out of every British Sloop or Vefll-1, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton; and which such baliafting or discharging of Ballast shall be performed at such Place or Places only as the Qiay-master, appointed by virtue of this Ashall from Time to Time direct; and for every Foreign Ship or Vessel not bound to the said Town of Mevagissey, double the Rates and Duties herein-before last enumerated, laid, and directed to be taken; and for every Hogshead of Pilchards cured within the said Town, laid on Board any Ship, Boat, or Vessel, in the said Pier, Quay, Wharf, Beach, or Strand, any Sum not less than Threepence, and not exceeding Six-

ence per Hogshead, at the Discretion of the Trustees appointed by this Act; and for every Hogshead of

ilchard Oil, commonly called Train Oil, and for every Hogshead of Dregs of Pilchard Oil, laid on Board any Ship, Boat, or Vessel, in the said Pier, Quay, Wharf, Beach, or Strand, the Sum of Sixpence per Hogshead; the same to be paid by the Master or Owner of any Vessel or Vessels taking the said Pilchards, Pilchard Oil, or Dregs, on Board :—For every Barrel of Tin, every large Mast forty Feet in Length and upwards, every Hogshead of Foreign Oil, Hogshead of Wine or English Spirits, Ton of Hemp, rack of Wick-yarn, Hundred Weight of Cane, Stone, and Plaster, one Shilling, and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Quantities; and for every Hundred of Deal Boards under twenty Feet, and so in Proportion for any other Deal Boards, Ninepence; and for every Roll of Tobacco not exceeding twenty Pounds, every

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62.

'Fardal of Ware, hundred Weight of Brimftonfe, Bag of Nails, Firkin of Butter, hundred Weight of Lump or Loaf Sugar, Ton of Lime, Case or Crate of Glass, Frail Of Figs or other Goods, Barrel, Box, or Bag of Starch, Allum, or Copperas, hundred Weight of Cheese, Barrel of Vinegar, Wey of British Salt, hundred Weight of Wool or Cotton, Ton of empty Cask, Hogshead of Apples or Pears, Bag of small Nuts, every Dozen of Goats, Sheep, Kids, or any other Kind of Skins, Two-pence; and for every JBlock of Tin, Load of Oak, Deal Plank, or any Sort of Timber, every Sheep, every End of Hops, Hogshead of Cyder or Perry, thousand of Bricks, Maun of Hats or other Goods, Basket or Box of fGlaffcs or Bottles, and every bend red Weight of Tobacco, Four-pence; and for every Ton of Copper or other Ore, Chest or Box of Candles or Soap, every Barrel of Herrings cured within the said Town, Do--ten of small Sparrs, Bag of Flour, hundred Weight of Blue, hundred of any Kind of Horns, Gross of Bottles, hundred Weight of Gunpowder, hundred Weight of Feathers, hundred Weight of Dye Stuff, Dozen of Oars, or Crate of Earthen Ware, Three-pence; and for every hundred Weight of unrefined Sugar, -hundred Weight of Molaflea, Jug of any Oil, Turpentine, or Varnish, Tingle Hides, Quarter of any tGraui'Cxeept Wheat, Ton of Lime Stones, hundred Weight of fine Copper, one hundred Weight of Tanners Rinds, or three Winchester Bushels of Bark, every Case of Liquor, Coil of Rope under one hundred Weight, Barrel of Pipe-day, Chest or Box of Pipes, Cask of Molnfles under ten Gallons, Side of Pork or Bacon, Quintal of dry Fish, Bag of Seeds, Pepper, Pimento, Ginger, Dozen of Lanterns, Ream of Writing Paper, Dozen Pounds of Flax, and every rack of Charcoal, one Penny; and for every Hogshead of Tram Oil imported, Hogshead of Ale or Beer, Ton of Oakum, one thousand of Oranges or Lemons, Bullock or Horse, Sixpence; and for every Ton of Iron, every Pocket of Hops, Ton of Rice, and Dicker of Leather, Eight-pence; and for every Ton of Tallow, and every Butt of Sack, one Shilling and Six-pence; and for every Box or Bag of Goods not exceeding twenty Pounds Weight, every Piece of Foreign Sail Cloth, Quarter of Wheat, Barrel of Pitch, Tar, or Rosin, thousand of Walnuts or Chesnuts, three Half-pence; and for every Hogshead of Foreign Spirits two Shillings; and for every thousand of Helling Stones, hundred Weight of rig, Sheet, or Bar Lead, Ream of Brown or Whited-brown Paper, every Dozen of Stockings, and every Grinding Stone, a Half-penny; and for every Bundle of Hoops one Farthing; and for all other Goods and Merchandizes brought or carried Coastwise, not herein-before enumerated or included. One-eighth Part of the Freight of the said Goods and Merchandize; and for all Goods and Merchandize not particularly rated, that shall be brought from or carried to Foreign Parts, one Penny in the Pound of the Value of such Goods so imported or exported.

XX. And be it fu rtherenacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quay Matter for the Time being shall and may, and is hereby authorised and impowered, to regulate and appoint the Birth or Laving-place of any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel; and when and as often as he shall judge necessary, to order and direct amy-Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, to be removed from the Birth or Laying-place at which they shall respectively happen to be flattened or moored to any other Birth or Laying-place, as he shall think proper, for the better Accommodation of Vessels coming into or going out of the said Pier: And in Case the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Command and Charge of any such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, shall -neglect or refute to remove such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, to such other Birth or Laying-place as shall be appointed by the said Quay Matter, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum hot exceeding five Pounds; to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, rendering to him or them the Overplus, if any there be, and he or they shall demand the same: And for want of sufficient Distiefs, the Person or Persons so offending shall and may, upon Proof of the Offence before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, thereto remain for the Space of two Months without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty, and all reasonable Cc»fts and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, as well as their Commitment, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and -for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or the said Quay Matter for the Time being, to order and direct all such Boats and other Vessels as they shall think proper to be removed out of the said Pier during the Time of the Pilchard Fishery: And if any of the Owner or Owners of such Boats or other Vessels shall refuse to remove the same when thereunto required, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence; to be levied anc^ recovered in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act are directed to be levied and recovered; and from and after the Time that the said Pilchard Fiftery shall be finKhed, all the Boats and other Vessels employed therein shall be removed out of the said Pier.

c XXII. And, to the Intent the said Rates and Duties may be truly answered and paid/ be it further enacted, That no Collector, Customer, Collector of his Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, belonging to the Port of Fowey, in the said County of Cornwall, within which the Creek or Harbour of MevQPiJjty is comprehended, shall, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, give or make out any Cocket or other Discharge, or take any Report outwards, for aqy Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, or permit any Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, to go out of the said Piers until the Matter or Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of Yuch Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, that the Rates and Duties by this Act granted are paid, or secured so be paid 5 which said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby reauired to give with-mt'Feeor Reward: And that any Collector, Customer, Collector of his Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Receivers of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher^ Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatso-'ever, making Default in any of the Premises enjoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Rounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts Vox. XII.; C of

377

Quit, Master tS regulate the' Laying place of Vessel* in the Pier.

5l. Penalty oh Ship-Mafier'a Refufcl or Ntf* left.

Vessels may he removed out t f the Pier during the Pilchard Fishery.

401. Penalty 0*1 Owners for Refusal.

Mo Vessels so be cleared till the Dutie* be paid.

aol Penalty oh Collectors, &c. making Default.

37*

C. 6 2 ,

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

R?t|*s VcHel. exempted from ©uq.

How Rater may Ve recovered from Persons r filling to pay.

Persons eloding Payment to continoe chargeable.

if Differences happen above ' Tonnage of Ships, Collet* ton may ad* measurethtm*

Commanders oh* ftcucting Collectors, to forfeit

s

In what Man* ner Ships, &c. art to be admen-fined.

uty Masser, Ike. to make Oath as to the Performance of kit Doty, if re-fnired.

of Record at Westminster% wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor root0 than one Imparlance; one Moiety of such Forfeiture to be to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall

!>rofecute, sue for, and recover the same, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Hands of the aid Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall tHreft, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with any the Duties granted by this Act, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And, to the Intent the said Rates and Duties imposed by this Act may be more effectually coileft*

ed and levied/ be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Matter, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, Goods. Wares, or Merchandises, charged or chargeable with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, shall rtfufeto pay the same; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the uid Trustees, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to be their Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, or any or either of them from Time to Time, to go on Board such Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, to demand, coileft, and receive the same, and for Non-payment thereof to take and distrain every such Ship, Bark, Boar, or other Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, or all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, chargeable with the said Rates and Duties, or in respect whereof such Rates and Duties dial) be payable as aforesaid, either on Board such Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, or on Land, and the same to detain, until be or they be satisfied and paid the respective Rates and Dime*;, and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Rates and Duties for the Space of three Days after any Distress or^ Distresses so taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and their Successors, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, their Collector or Collector9, Receiver or Receivers, to cause the same to be appraised by two or more fwora Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distresses, and there* with to satisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the respective Rates and Duties.so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress or Distresses shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling such Distress, rendering to the Master, or other Person having the Rule and Command of the Ship, Bark, Boat, or Vessel, in, to, or from which such Distress shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus, if any there shall be.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander, or Owner, of any Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, shall at any Time, after the Rates and Duties by this Act charged shall become payable, elude or avoid the Payment thereof by any Method whatsoever, such Master, Commander, or Owner, of such Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel, shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the same; and the same shall be recovered from such Master or Owner by the same Method by which Fines and Penalties imposed by this Act are herein after directed to be levied and recovered.

XXVI. And, to the Intent that the Duties by this Act directed to be ascertained by the Ton- nage of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, may be truly ascertained and paid,' be it further enacted, That in case the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, or such other Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose, and the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel charged with the said Duty, cannot otherwise agree about and adjust the Tonnage of any such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel"; that then, and so often, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Perfost or Persons as aforesaid, from Time to Time, and at all Times convenient and seasonable, to enter into such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, and to admeasure the same according to the Directions of this Act; and if Rny Commander or other Officer of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or any other Person whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees to admeasure any Ship, Bark* or other Vessel, in pursuance of this Act, in order to ascertain the Duty of Tonnage hereby charged, such Commander or other Person^ shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the oum of five Pounds; to be levied^ recovered, and disposed of, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Ships, Barks, and other Vessels liable to and charged with the ^Payment of the Duty of Tonnage by this Act imposed, shall, if necessary, for ascertaining the same, be meafu red in Manner following (that is to say), by taking the Length of the Keel of every such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, so much as (he treads on the Ground, and the Breadth within Board by the Midship-beam, from Plank to Plank, and Half that Breadth shall be accounted for the Depth of every Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, and then the Length so taken being multiplied by the Breadth so taken, and the Product thereof by the said accounted Depth, and the Whole divided by ninety-four, the Quotient shall give and be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage, according to which Method and Rule all Ships, Barks, and other Vessels, shall be measured, and the said Duty of Tonnage thereby be computed and collected accordingly; "any Custom, Practice, or Usage, to the contrary now withstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quay Master, and other Officers and Servants to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, when thereunto required by any one of the said Trustees, swear, or being one of the People called Quakers^ solemnly affirm, that he or they will duly perform and execute his or their respective Office or Offices; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be employed to take the Tonnage of any Ship or other Vessel that shall come into the said Pier* shall, when required, in like Manner swear, or solemnly affirm, that he or they will duly take the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel; and which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Trustees are hereby authorised to administer.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62. 379

XXIX. And, to the End a sufficient Sum of Money may speedily be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, and for the better securing the Repayment of the same/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, subject and without Prejudice to the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, by Indenture or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to convey, assign, and assure the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, or any Part thereof, as Security for any Sum ot Sums of Money by them to be borrowed, not exceeding the Sum of three thousand Pounds, for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, to any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, that shall or will lend or advance the same, for securing the Payment thereof, with Interest (after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum); which said Sum shall be paid into the Hands of the Trustees, or of the Treasurer or Treasurers by them appointed.

XXX. And be it further cna&ecJ* That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any such Alignment w Alignments of the aforesaid Rates and Duties shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money lent by him, her, or them, on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, and his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, may, and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to transfer or assign over such Security or Securities, and all the Monies that shall be due thereon, to any other Person or Persons.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money already advanced, and yrhich shall be advanced by way of Loan, as aforesaid, and the Interest payable for the same, shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the said Rate? and Duties hereby granted,/ in the Priority and Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That a Memorandum or Entry of all such Alignments or Securities su shall be made for Money already or hereafter to be advanced by way of Loan, at Interest as aforesaid, dfraU be made in a Book, which is. hereby required to be kept by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, at the Charge of the said Trustees, in such Place or Places as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, dull appoint; which Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis.

t XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money already advanced* or to be advanced, by way of Loan as aforesaid, shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Time or Times when the same is. are, or shall be made and become payable by Force and Virtue of this Act, the said Rates and Duties (half from thenceforth vest in the Person or Persons to whom such Interest shall be so in Arrear as aforesaid, until the same shall be fully paid and (atrsfied, together with all Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment of the faqje; and all and every such Person and Persons shall have toe fame Power, Right, and Privilege of collecting, receiving, and levying the said Rates and Duties, payable by virtue of this Act, as the said Trustees, or the Code&ors or Receivers appointed by them, could have had in case the said littered had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying and keeping down the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, herein-before provided for the Money necessary to complete the said. 'Quay, Wharf, and other Works hereby authorised to be made, together with Interest for the same, after the Kate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall, in the first Place, be paid off and discharged; and, iirthe second Place, the Money already subsenbed and paid shall be discharged by Dividends from Time to Time, with Interest, as the Rates and Duties aforesaid shall accrue and be paid: Provided that in case any Accident shall happen to the said Quay and Pier, the Money already subscribed and paid, or such Part thereof as shall then remain undischarged, shall so remain, and the Repayment thereof suspended until such Damages shall be repaired, and the Charges and Expences attending such Repair shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when and so (bon as the several Sums of Money already and hereafter to be advanced, with Interest, shall, in Manner aforesaid, be discharged and satisfied, and the capital Sum of one thousand Pounds shall have been raised, saved, and placed out in some of the publick Funds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the said Trustees, which they are hereby authorised to do, and, from Time to Time, to apply the Interest and Proceed thereof for keeping down the Payment of the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, and to maintain, support, and repair the said Pier and Wharf; that then, and from thenceforth, the Rates and Duties payable in respect of British Vessels and Merchandise shall cease and determine: Provided that in case any extraordinary Accident shall happen to the said Pier and Wharf, by which the said capital Sum of one thousand Pounds shall be reduced, or the Interest thereof, and the other Rates and Duties hereby imposed shall not be sufficient to pay the said annual Sum of ten Pounds, and defray the Expence of the Repair of such Accident, then the Rates and Duties for and in respect of British Vessels and Merchandises shall be revived, and be collected in such and the same Manner and Proportions as are herein-before directed, so as that such Rates and Duties shall not exceed the Rates and Duties herein-before granted, and shall be applied towards the repairing the said Pier and Wharf, and in the replacing the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof, as shall have rbeen expended for the Support of the said Pier and Wharf.

XXXVI. And, that the said perpetual Fund of one thousand Pounds may be at all Times kept up and maintained for the Purposes aforesaid, notwithstandine the Monies advanced, or to be advanceo, as aforesaid, fiull be all fully paid and satisfied/ be it enacted, That the Rates and Duties hereby laid 4mon any foreign Ships or Vessels shall continue to be collected and levied, and applied from Time to Time, as the same shall arise, in aid of the said Fund of one thousand Pounds herein-before directed to bt raised, established, and inverted in the publick Funds for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Jive or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered to give Securities to any Person or Persons

Trusteet any borrow Money, not exceeding 3OOP L end af-iigo the Ratet a* a Security,

Aflgnnente

may be traofferrod.

Same advanced, and Interest, chargeable on the Tollt and Dude*.

Entries of AT* signment* to be

How Arrears of Intcyeft may he recovered.

How Money

raised is to be paid oft'.

Proviso,

After Money borrowed shall be repaid, and IO001. placed out at Interest, the Ratet on British Ship* dull cease.

If any Accident happen, Rate* may be revived.

Ratet on Foreign Ship* to be continued, for maintaining the Fund of 1000U

Trustees to rive Security for Mm ney already advanced.

C. 6 i.

S?o

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Prorlfo#

No Money to be borrowed after the first Meeting, unless ten Day* Notice be given.

Application of the Money to be borrowed.

Trustees may appoint Collectors and other Officer t.

and allow them Salaries;

and may displace

such Officer*,

and appoint oth era.

for paying the Money already subscribed towards the erecting and completing the fakf Pier; to be paid by Dividends, with Interest, in the Manner before mentioned: Provided that such Money shall not be paid until the Money to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate aforesaid, (half be paid off and discharged; and such Payment is to be subject to the ocher Contingency herein-before mentioned.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of this Act by the said Trustees, after the first Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, under the Bends of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, be, by Order of such Trustees, or any five of more of them, fixed in the Market-place of Meva°tjfey, at least terr Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall be collected, received, levied, and borrowed, by virtue of this Act, shall be applied, in the first Place, in defraying the Expences incident to and incurred in the obtaining of this Act, and afterwards in defraying the necessary Expences of completing and maintaining such Pier, and other Works as aforesaid, and in executing the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their first Meeting, or any five or more of them then present, or at any succeeding Meeting, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall and may choose and appoint such Person or Persons to le Collector or Collectors of the said Duties grarKedby. this Act as they mall think fit} and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors' of the said PieF, and other Works, proposed to be erected, for rendering the same commodious and ufefu! for the Reception of Ships and Vessels; and aHb a Treasurer or General Receiver of the said Duties, and such other Officer and Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and such Person or Persons as is or are made liable to pay the said Rates and Duties shall pay the same, after the Rates aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be appointed tocolleft the said Rates and Duties; and the said Trustees shall allow to such Cottcftor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons so by them appointed, such Salaries or Rewards, as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall appear reasonable; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have Power to remove or displace any such Collector, Receiver, Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Person or Persons whatsoever by them appointed in pursuance of this Act, and in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so displaced to nominate and appoint from Time to Time such other Person or Persons as they shall think

Officer* to give Security.

All Contracts With Art ficeri and Workmen to be entered in a Book.

Persons concerned may have free Access to such Book*, &c.

After the Works are completed, the Books to be* laid annually before the Justices, at the Qoarer Sessions, &c.

After Trustees are reimhwrfed the Money borrowed, See, the Doric* in respect of British Ship#, tocttie, &c.

proper.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, whenever it shall seem to them expedient, take of such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer or Treasurers, and from such other Person or Persons so to be chosen and nominated from Time to Time as aforesaid, a good and sufficient Security, as well for answering and paying all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be by him or them respectively received, in such Manner w the fakj Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint, and not otherwise, and also for his and their giving and making respectively thereof true Accounts in Writing, from Time to Time, when and so often as he or they respectively stall be ordered and required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, so to do, of all Monies by him or them respectively received by virtue of this Act, and of all the respective Times of such Receipts, and of all such Monies by him or them respectively disbursed, and the respective Times of such Disbursements, and to whom, and by what Order.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall take care to have all the Receipts, Payments, Debts, Credits, and Contrafts made with and by the Artificers and Workmen, employed or to bd employed, in or about the completing the said Pier, and the maintaining and preserving the same, or *nf way relating thereto, and also an Account of all Monies received and borrowed by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, and all other their Proceedings whatsoever, fairly entered and written in one or morse Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; to which Book or Books all Persons concerned and interested shall at any seasonable Times have free Access, and shall have the Perusal and Inspection thereof gratis^ or Copies or Extracts thereof, paying after the Rate of Two-pence for every one hundred Words; and by or out of the Money arising from the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, or by or out of any other Sum or Sums of Money which shall come into the Hands of the said Trustees, or into the Hands of tht Receiver or Receivers to be by them appointed, shall pay and satisfy, or cause to be paid and satisfied, unto the Artificers and Workmen, to be employed in and about the completing or maintaining the fak) Pier and Premises, ail Sums of Money which shall be iuftly due to them, or any of them, for the same: And when the said Pier shall be completed and finished, and all oth^r necessary Works shall be done, for the commodious receiving and securing Ships and Vessels therein, then, every Year, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of Cornwall next after the Feast: of All Sainis, the said Book or Books, to be kept by the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons whom they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint as aforesaid, shall be produced and shewn to the Justices of the Peace, at such Quarter Section, together with proper Vouchers for the Expences and Disbursements, and the Expences and Charges of passing this Act; which said Justices shall state and balance the said Account; and when it shall appear to such Justices, and be certified by them then present, or the major Part of them, that the said Trustees are by the said Duties fully reimbursed the principal Monies by them borrowed and laid otic for the Purposes aforesaid, together with all Interest and Charges attending the same, and that a sufficient Sum of Money shall be raised for the future Support of the said Pier, and for keeping the same in Repair, then, all and singular the said respective Duties hereby granted, shall, in respect of a'l British Ships, Sloops, Boats, or Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, cease and determine; and the Rates ani

Duties

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6*2.

Duties hereby granted in respect of Foreign Ships and Vessels^&all only then continue, and be collected and paid as aforesaid, for keeping the said Pier and other Works in good and sufficient Repair.

XLIII. Provided always, That no Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or any other Writing whatsoever, in pursuance of or relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, shall be subject to any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person acting as a Trustee for putting in Execution this Act, or any of the Trusts or Powers aforesaid relating to the said Pier of MevagiJle^ shall be capable of having any Office or Place of Profit, arising or to arise by any of the Duties aforesaid, during the Time of his holding such Office or Place of Profit: And the said Trustees shall at all such Meetings defray their own Charges and Expeaces, and shall give such publick Notice of all their Meetings as (mil from Time to Time be agreed upon by them, or any five or more of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act incurred, or authorised to be imposed or levied (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant of Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall, or for the Place or Places where such Offence shall be committed (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Information of any one or more credible Wirnefe or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer* without Fee or Reward); and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered (after rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so dill rained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted), shall go and be applied, and laid out, if not otherwise directed to be applied and dispoied of by this Act, for and towards the Execution of the Purposes of this Act* and for Want of sufficient Distress, the said Justices, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the common Gaol of the said County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of two Months, or until Payment of the respective Forfeiture shall be made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence or Offences committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cornwall, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Cause of Appeal shall happen, the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Coifs which shall be ascertained by the said General or Quarter Session, in case such Orders or Judgments shall he affirmed y and the Justices at such General or Quarter Session are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine, such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear just, which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, and that no Order or Proceeding to be had or made by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to the Execution of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of the Goods and Chattels, to be at any Time distrained by virtue of this Act (other than such Distress or Distresses as shall be made for Non-payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted), shall be fold till the Expiration of five Days from the Day upon which such Goods and Chattels shall be distrained 5 and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons convicted, at any Time before the Expiration of the said five Days*, to redeem such, Goods and Chattels, by Payment of the Money for which the same shall have been so distrained, together with the Costs and Charges of making such Distress.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act in relation to the Premises, that in every such Case, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit so to be brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Actions shall be brought after the-Tirae before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Vecdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendantpr Defendants shall have appeared or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other PerfoBS whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

381

Writings not to be liable to Stamp-duty.

No Trustee ca* pable of holding ny Place of Profit.

Trusteea to defray their own Expence*.

Pend ties and Forfeiture* hour to be recovered and applied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Distress not to be sold till artel fit e* Days;

Limitit'on of Actions.

General liTvly

Treble Costs?

Publick Aftr

82

Anno deckno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

-PrcimWe.

'Shirt of Argyll to be divided mto (wo DiArids.

4gu»ltfic»tJ0ii of <Cominiflioncrt«

Tine end Piece

Commission-etoMctting, &c.

Chairman ar.4 Clerk to be appointed.

‘Power of TruC* tecs at Dirtrilt Meetings,

QoeAioni not

determined at

Distria Meetings to be de-

ftrrrd till nflt '* Meet*

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll.

WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland, relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services, and Work, and Money, which are thereby authorised tol>e exacted and levied, have been found by Experience insufficient to amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads and Bridges within the A Sfoire-of Argyll^ and other and farther Powers are necessary m order effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution: For Remedy whereof,' may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the more easy and effectual Execution of the Powers hereby granted, the said Shire shall be divided into seven Districts; videlicet, Argyll, Coxval, Kintyre, Lorre, Mull, Ardnamvrchan, and Ilay; and that the first of the said Districts, called Argyll, shall extend from the Water of Fine to the March between the Lands of fnvemeil and Stronechulline, by Locharel, and the March betwixt Achachoijk ^and Barenlongart, to Loehendlijport, from thence to the Kirk of Kibnejford, and byf the Water of Avici to ;Lochow>, ifrom thence along the South Side of the said Loch to the Water of Tettle, and from thence in a 'straight Li/ie to the Head of Glcrfine, excepting always khe Parish of North Knapdale, which is to be annexed to the District of Hay, that the second District, called 'Cowed, shall comprehend all the Lands from the South $ide of Cowal to the Water of Fine on the North, and the Water of Lrng on the South-east j that the third District, called Kintyre, shall comprehend the whole Lands from the South End of Kintyre to the Marches of Inverneil and Achachoish above mentioned, including the Islands of Gigha, Carta, and Sanna\ that the fourth District, called Lome, shall comprehend the Country from Kilmelford to Lochow, by Locha-vich; and the Water of Avich, from thence by Lochow to the Water of Tsettle, including the Country of Glenorchy, and from the Head of Glenorchy to the Head of Loehleveni and from thence to Lrneheallteh, by the Sound of Corryvrekan, to Locbmelford; that she fifth District, calledMull, Aral rcompreh end the Islands of Mull\ Tirie, Coll, Islandamuck, Roum, and Canna; that the sixth District, cal led Ardnamurchan, shall comprehend Ardnamurchan and Suinart, Moruern, Ringer loch, and Parish of Krl/mallzie \ and that the fe-yenth District, called Ilay, shall comprehend the Islands of ilay, Jura, Colonfay, and Oronfay, and the Parish of North Knapdale.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Supply and Justices of the Peace of the said Shire of Argyll, and the Provost or other Chief Magistrate of the Burghs of Inverary and Campbeltown, shall be Trustees for making and repairing the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said Shire, and for executing all other Powers by this Act given and granted.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, in order to carry this present Act into Execution, meet at Inverary, upon the twenty-fourth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and thereafter yearly upon the same Day, and at the like Place, that the Commissioners of Supply for the said Shire of Argyll shall be directed by the Land-tax Ad of the Year then current to assemble, for the Purposes of assessing the Land Tax, and of choosing a Convener, Collector, and Clerk; and that the said Trustees, so assembled at the aforesaid General Meeting, shall have Power, and are hereby impowered to adjourn to the next or any after lawful Day, if they shall see Cause so to do, *nd to name a Prefes or Chairman of their Meeting, and a Clerk during Pleasure, who shall attend the Meetings of the said Trustees, and shall enter their whole Proceedings regularly in a 'Book to be kept for that Purpose; and likewise shall, as often as required by any Person or Persons having an Interest in the same, make and give out Copies or Extrads of the Orders or Proceedings of the Tnii-tees (at such certain moderate Fee for the same as shall be fixed by the said Trustees in a General Meeting assembled).; and that such Copies or Extrads shall contain the Warrant for putting these Orders into Execution; and that the said Trustees, in their first General Meeting, or adjourned Meeting aforesaid, and In all their subsequent annu?J General Meetings, or adjourned Meetings, assembled, shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered and required to nominate and appoint early and convenient Times and places for the first Meeting, in each Year, of the Trustees within the respective Districts before mentioned; and that the Trustees at such District Meetings assembled, shall have Power afterwards to adjourn as they shall see Cause.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees of the said different Districts shall funder the Rfftridims after mentioned) superintend and have the Direction and Cognizance of the several Roads and Bridges within their respective Districts, and shall have Power to appoint the Order in -which the lame shall be made or repaired, and to appropriate the Services and Monies to be exacted and raised by virtue of this Act for the Purposes thereby intended; and that the said Trustees, in such District Meetings assembled, shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a Prefes or Convener, and, if necessary, a Depute Clerk, for each District, and to adjourn from Time to Time; and that the Prefes or Convener of such respective District Meetings shall have Power, and he is hereby impowered and required, to call Meetings of the Trustees for the said District as often as he shall be required so to do by any three Trustees within such District (upon ten Days previous Notice to be given at the Church Doors within the District); and that all Questions arising among the said Trustees, in such District Meetings as aforesaid assembled, shall be carried and determined by a Majority, confiding of Trustees possessed at Jeaft of three-fourths of the valued Rent belonging to the Members of such respective Meetings, and not according to the Number of Votes; and when any Question or Matter shall not be so determined kt a District Meeting, that then such Question or Matter shall (land referred, and the same is hereby declared to be referred, to the Determination of the next General Meeting of the said Shire; and that it shall be lawful for any one Trustee to ad at the aforesaid District Meetings, in case the other Trustees do not attend.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.* 383

V. Provided nevertheless, end be it further ensued by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful Trustee* m*y for, and in the Power of, any absent Trustee to act and vote by a Proxy, general or special, to be by him J?ic !/> m"7 M given to any other Trustee attending and voting in Person at the said District Meetings respectively; but

that it shall not be in the Power of any Trustee to use more than one Proxy at one Time; and that all *9 Meetings under the Authority of this Act shall begin to be held at Mid-day, and not earlier; and that each Member shall defray his own Expence; but without disabling or regaining the said Trustees from making and giving a reasonable Allowance to Collectors, Clerks, and Overseers for their Trouble.

VI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, in District Meetings Trofteetmiytp* assembled, (halt have Power, and4 are hereby impowered, to appoint Overseers within their, respective pointOverfcext# Districts: *nd that the said Overseers may, by the Justices of the Peace of the Bounds* be made Con-

(tables, for the special Purpose of acting as Constables in the Business of the Highways and Roads, and for that Purpose only,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more TreiAntrtogirr of them, shall take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, as to them, or any five or more of

them, shall seem proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That of the six Days Statute-work* now FoorD*y*Worfcv exigible by Law from Tenants, Subtenants, and Heritors in the natural Possession of their own Grounds, of Tenants to be-and their Men Servant*, wlihin the said Shire of Argyll, four Days Work shall be exchanged or com- commuted; muted; and in Place thereof, there shall be levied, yearly, a Sum not exceeding one Shilling Stirling on i« Place each Pound Sterling of valued Rent within the said Shire'; which Sum of one Shilling in the Pound of

valued Rent shall be levied by the Collector of the Land Tax, along with the Cess of the Shire, or by fj1* of U^tt^er*‘ such other Collector or Collectors, and at such other Times, as the said Trustees, at their first Genera R«uob«k,iec^, Meeting each Year, shall appoint, or by such Person or Persons to whom the same shall be assigneckor transferred in Manner as herein after mentioned; and that where Lands are -liferented, the said one ShiL ling in the Pound shall be paid by the Liferenter or Lifcrenters respectively.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That where Lands are at present under Lease, the Tenant or Subtenant in CUufc of Relief*

the Occupation of such Lands shall relieve the Heritor and Liferenter of two-thirds of the said one Shilling between Matte* in thp Pound during the Currency of the Lease, unless in such Cases where it has been otherwise special ly Tenant, provided for by Leases made since the nineteenth Day of Octobery one thousand seven hundred and seventyr

four; in which last mentioned Case, the Lease9 shall be, and are hereby declared to be, the Rule for the

bearing, paying, and levying of the said one Shilling in the Pound.

X. And be it also enacted, That the said Collector or Collectors shall keep a distinct and separate Ac* Separate1 &c. count of the Money levied in each District, and shall not allow any Heritor to run in Arrear, but shall coun* *° k-P^ punctually execute the Orders given by the General Meeting of Trustees with respect to levying the said

additional Duty of one Shilling in the Pound, under the Penalty of being made personally. liable and an- fwerable for the Deficiency, in case he or they shall fail to do Diligence for Recovery thereof, in Manner as herein after directed respecting the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each Tenant or Subtenant in Poflef- Teaintitoper--(ion shall be liable in two Days Service of himself, and Men Servants, yearly, or (in the Option of the

Surveyor and any two of the Trustees of the District), in the Value of the said two Days Service in Mor w

ney, according to the usual Rate or Price of Labour in each Distri& (which shall be nxed each Year by the General Meeting of Trustees); and that all Cottagers, Householders, Labourers, Tradesmen, Miner*, and Cottigert, s Colliers, Salters, Quarriers, Workmen at Furnaces, and alt and every other Person or Persons by the

Laws now in being liable to the Statute-work on the Highways within the said Shire (other than and p^f*V°r oacfl except Tenants and Subtenants in Possession, and Heritors in the natural Possession of their own Lands*, as after mentioned, and their Men Servants), shall perform the Statutework, conform to Law, on the said Highways and Bridges, by themselves, or other able-bodied Mcn to 1>C employed by them, for fix full"

Days in the Year, at any Time when they shall be required to attend by the Overseer (Seed and Harvest Time excepted) or, rn the Option of the Surveyor and any two of the Trustees, shall pay at the Rate of two Shillings each Person for the six Days; and that the said Statute-work, or Conversions of the same How Money Tn -into Money, exigible either from Tenants or from the other Person or Persons before mentioned, (ha$ ^0*0°!* only be laid out and employed in the making, maintaining, and repairing Roads and Bridges lying in *p^i*d* ° the Parish within which the Person or Persons liable therein ao reftde; and that it shall be lawful to the inJigeat Persont said Surveyors (with Con fen t of any two Trustees within the said Parish), to free or exempt from any may be ex*mpt-Part of the said Work, or Payment of the Conversion thereof, all such Persons as shall appear to them edr to be in indigent Circumstances, or unable to perform the same.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person liable in such Statute-work as penalty for m*-aforesaid, who shall neglect to perform the same, or to make Payment of the converted Prices thereof, gicflof Statute, when required (within ten Days after such Requisition made to them, either personally, or at their Dwel- Work, hng-houses, or by Advertisements at the Parish Churches on a Sunday)y shall be liable in Manner following, videlicet, Each Tenant or Subtenant in Possession, in six Days Service of himself and Servants, to be

converted at the ordinary Price of Labour for the Time, and each Cottager or other Person above-mentioned in twelve Days Service to be converted at the ordinary Price of Labour; and that in case any Heritor or Liferenter shall neglect or refuse to make Payment of the one Shilling in the Pound of valued

Rent, to be levied from him or her, he or she shall be liable in two Shillings in the Pound of valued Rent for that Year in which he or she shall be so deficient; and that the Whole of these Conversions in Money shall be levied by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any two or more Justices of the Peace or Commissioners of Supply of the said Shire, proceeding upon Certificates under the Hands of the Collector or Overseer, that such Person has not paid, or has been absent; and ihat such Warrant shall contain Authority for arresting the bid Performs Effects, and fox poinding and distraining the same; and that the Officer

1 to

3*4

G. 63,

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

'Vo Appeal, &c. to flop Labour.

Trofteet Power* in case of Non-fjppiication of the Mooej or Service.

What Share of rile Shilling in Pound is to be applied within the D:ftri& where levied*

Great load* always to have the Preference.

Disttidl Meetings to make Report*.

! ily seize *nd distrain the retdieft Goods or EffeAj of the ys after such Distress, sell the same by Publick Roup or

Overseer6 ?m-pnwerrd to take Materials out of the neaiclt Ground*.

Proprietors to keep the Ditches properly (toured.

No Stone* or Rubbish to be laid withia two Yard* of the Read.

to whom the same Hull he directeo ih;\. f. said Person, and shall, ?r the End of li.r.e Ao£fion to the highd't Oltccr, at ti:e ncxr convenient Place to the Ground of the Lands upon which such Distress w« made, lor Payment of tii- Sum for which such Person or Persons shall be respectively liable m and of the necessary Chnrgf. j, rendering the Overplus to the Owner; and that no Suspension, Appeal, Complaint, or Action, shall (lop the Performance of the Statute Services, or Payment of the converted Prices thereof, or Duty or one Shilling in the Pound of valued Rent for that Year in which they A12II have been appropriated; laving always, nevertheless, to the Parties, their Red refs either from the Persons by whom they shall have been aggrieved, or out of their several Duties, Services, and Conversions, for the Year next after the Determination of the Cause.

XIII. Provided always, That if it shall appear that the Statute-work, or Conversions thereof, or any Part of the same, in any Parish, have not been applied, the Trustees, at their next General Meeting, fcall have Power, and are Hereby impowered, to order the unapplied Statute-work, or Money of such deficient Parish, to be applied in any of the adjoining Parishes; and in case the four-fifth Parts after mentioned of the one Shilling in the Pound, to be levied ill each District, shall be negletfted for any Year to be levied and applied within any District, that the same, or such Part thereof as has not been collected and applied, shall be given by the next General Meeting of the Trustees to any publick Road of the County without the said District.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Share not less than four-fifths of the Amount of the said one Shilling in the Pound of valued Rent shall be applied within the Distri& from which the same shall be levied, and that the remaining one-fifth shall be disposed of in the following Manner, videlicet, One Half thereof shall be annually paid over to the Trustees within the Distri& of Kintyre% to be by them applied in making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Bridge of Tayirtdreunan, through Sleighgoill, to A'shines, and the remaining one Half of the said one-fifth shall be at the Disposal of the Trustees in General Meetings assembled, to be applied within the Distrust, or otherwise, as they shall find to be most for the Interest of the said Shire, the great Lines of Road being always to be preferred.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That in appropriating the four-fifth Parts of the one Shilling in the Pound hereby imposed, appointed to be levied, the Trustees shall always prefer the following chief or great Lines of Road in the several Districts 5 videlicet, In the District of Kirrtvre, the Poll Road from Jnverary to Campbeltown, by the West Side of Kintyre\ in the District of Cowaf, the Road leading from the Point tti Ardlamont, by the Side of Locbfine, to the Military Road of Ardkinlafs, and from the Ferry of Ottar to the Ferry of Dunoon equally; in the Distrhft of Lome, the Road leading from KUmelford, by Oban Beurunv and the Ferry of Shi cm, to the Ferry of Ballechclish, subject to such Variations a6 shall be thought proper. by the first General Meeting of Trustees, in so far as relates to the aforesaid Line of Road in tht Lornt Dtftrift only 5 in the Distri& of llay, the Road leading from Lochgilphead to Keith, and from Lag in Juixi to Feotitte, from Portajkeug in Ilay to Kiilarow, and from Killarow to Laggavulint, by Bow more; in the District of Mull, the Road from Achnacraig to Arofs, and from thence to Callich in Mouniish, being the Ferry to Tyne and Coll; in Argyll, from Inverary to the Bridge of Stronduar, and from Lochgilphead, by the Bridge of Kilmichacl and Kilmartine, by the Head of Loch Craignish, to Kilmelford; and in Ardnamur-chan, from the Barracks of Strontean, to the Corran of Ardgour.

XVI. And be it also further enacted, That the respective District Meetings shall annually, on the last Tuesday of March, make up an exact and regular Report, containing an Account of the whole Money received and expended on the Highways and Bridges; and also of the Services employed, the Work performed, and the Offences committed, for the preceding Year within the Parishes and District under their Direction respectively; and that such Report, signed by the Prefes and Clerk of the respective District Meetings, shall be transmitted by the said Clerk to the Clerk of the General Meeting, to be held at fnverary, at least eight Days before the said General Meeting 5 and shall by the Clerk of the General Meeting be entered in his Book, and laid before the Trustees at their said Meeting; and that in case of Failure to make out and transmit such Report, the Prefes and Clerk of the District Meeting so faiiing shall be liable in a Penalty or Fine of five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied by Distress in Manner as before mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Overseers (after having first obtained Warrant for so doing under the Hand of two or more Justices of the Peace) shall be and are hereby impowered to take out of any adjacent Lands, other than Gardens, Orchards, and planted Walks, Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, doing the least Damage possible,.and making to the Owner or Occupier of the Ground such Satisfaction as to the said Justices, or any two of them, shall seem reasonable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have been or shall in Time coming be made to communicate with the Ditches along the Side of any of the Roads or Highways within the said Shire, that then, and so often as the same shall happen, the Proprietors thereof shall be bound to keep the Ditches properly scoured; and in case of their failing so to do when required, that the Overseers of the said Roads may, and they are hereby authorised to order the said Ditches to be cleaned and Fcoured at the Cost and Expence of the Occupiers and Possessors of the Grounds through which these Ditches are made; and upon their refusing Payment of the Expence thereby incurred, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the Bounds, or any two of them, to levy such F.xpence by Distress and Sale as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall lay, or cause €0 be laid, any Timber, Stone, Lime, Dung, Compost, Ashes, or Rubbish whatsoever, on or within two Yards of the Side of the said Roads (except Materials for building Houses and inclosing Grounds); and that any Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Materials so laid down, and also the Sum of two Pounds

3 Sterling;

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

-Sterling; to be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the converted Price of Labour, one Hilf thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making and repairing the Roads within the District; and in case it shall not appear who laid down the said Stone, Rubbish, and other Materials and Things last mentioned, that the Possessors or Occupiers of the Grounds, in which the same shall be laid down for the Time, shall be deemed and held, jointly and severally, to be the Layers down thereof,

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more speedy Reparation of the said Road, or of any particular Part thereof, it shall be in the Power of and lawful to and for the said Trustees in District: Meeting assembled, wherein Trustees possessed of Three-fourths of the valued Rent of such District at lead happen to be present, by themselves or Proxies, and not otherwise, upon the Credit of the Arid one Shilling in the Pound valued Rent leviable out of any District, or out of Part thereof, from Time to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, the legal Interest whereof shall not exceed one Half of the Amount of Four-fifths of the said one Shilling in the Pound which shall be levied out of the said District, or Parc thereof above mentioned, and to assign over the said Four-fifchs, or what Part thereof may be necessary, for extinguishing the several Sums of Money, Principal and Interest, that shall be borrowed; and that Copies of such Alignment, or Abstracts thereof, shall be entered »n a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by the Trustees, and which Assignment shall be transferable by Indorsements on the Back thereof, or on a separate Writing; and that the Money so borrowed shall be applied in the same Manner only as the Money levied in such District is hereby directed to be applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons in the natural Possession of their own Lands, shall be obliged to assist, by themselves, or able-bodied Men hired by them, and with their Men Servants, in making and repairing the Highways, in the same Manner as Tenants occupying Lands.

XXII. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the Sum of ten Shillings Scots, being Ten-pence Sterling, upon the one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised to be levied by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the second Parliament of King Charles the Second, and intituled, An Act for repairing Highways and Bridges, has been inefficient for keeping the Roads and Bridges in the said Shire in Repair be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees, upon the Applicaxion of Heritors possessed of Three-fourths of the valued Rent of any District, to assess the said District in a Sum not exceeding other Ten-pence Sterling upon every one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and that such additional Assessment shall be certified to the Collector of Supply, or other Collector to be appointed by the Trustees, under the Hand of the Prefes of the said Meeting; and that the same shall be levied by the said Collector in the Way and Manner, and under the Regulations, herein before appointed, respecting the one Shilling in the Pound by this present Act impowered and authorised to be levied, and shall be applied for building of Bridges, and making and repairing the Highways, within the said District; and that the old Assessment of the Ten-pence Sterling on the one hundred Pounds Scots shall be and the same is hereby reserved to the Disposal of the General Meetings as formerly.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any sudden Damage being done to a Bridge or Bridges within the said Shire, and which may require an immediate Support or Repair, that it shall be in the Power of any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby impowered to give Orders for making such Support or Repairs, but so as the Sum to be expended thereupon shall not exceed five Pounds Sterling;. and that the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by the next General Mee ing, on an Application to them for that Purpose.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so far as the unapplied Funds of the said Shire are not sufficient to discharge the Sums expended before the twenty-fourth Day of June,

which was in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, by Authority of General Meetings of the Commissioners of Supply, in making and repairing Bridges and Roads, that one Half thereof shall be paid out of the Fund allowed to be levied by the before-mentioned Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the other Half out of the Four-fifths of the one Shilling in the Pound Sterling of valued Rent, to be levied (under the Authority of this present Act) out of the District in which the Money hath been expended.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act shall be applied by the said Trustees, in the first Place, to defray and pay the Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards wholly and solely to the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid one Shilling in the Pound of valued Rent, and the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall take Place from and after the passing of this Act, and have Continuance during the Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions and Complaints for all and any of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and for any Wrong or Injury done or fuftered in any Matter relative to or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury fuftered, and not afterwards.

XXVIII. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons shall consider themselves aggrieved by the Sentence or Judgment of the said Trustees or Justices of the Peace, upon any of the Matters or Things referred to their Determination, it shall and may be lawful to the said Person or Persons to appeal for Re-tltefs to the next General Quarter Session of the said Shire, at which not fewer than five Justices shall be pres nt, whole Judgment thereupon shall be final, and of which no Review or Appeal shall be competent.

3S5

TrufWi may boirow Money,

Securities may be aligned.

Heritors occupying the r own Lands liab.e in Statute Service.

Trustees may afters the District in an additional Sum of 10s. Scots on the 1001. Scot! valued Rent, &c0

Sudden Damage to Bridges, not exceeding 5 1. may be repaired by the Order of one Justice of Peace.

Sums expended before June *4, 1774, to be pud.

Erpencesof th:» Act how to be p.iJ.

Act to continue *5 Years.

Actionr, &c. for Penalties to be commenced within 1% ,

Mouths.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the (Quarter Sessions f

wh oft* Judgment dull be final.

3$6

Publick Act.]

Preamble#

dommissionCrt

Name*,

©cmftHITioner* constituted a Court of Justice, &c.

C. 64. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act (halt be deemod and held to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justicea, and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred ot

Elke, in the County of Lincoln.

WHEREAS in the federal Parishes, Hamlets, artd Places following, (that is to say) Pinchbeck,

Spalding Weft on, Moulton, Whapload, Whapload Drove, Holbeach, Holbeach Drove, Fleet, Ged- ney, Gedney Hi Hi Sutton Saint Mary's, Button (Other wife Sutton Saint Nicholas), Sutton Saint James, Sut- ton Saint Edmundt, Tydd Saint Mary's, Cowbitt, Peakhill, Ctowland, and Great and Little Perf and (other- wife Pojiland), within the Hundred of Elite, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Business, Trade, and Commerce, as well in the inland Parts thereof as upon the River Welland, which runs through a principal Part of the same to the Sea, which employ many thousand People, many of whom contract small Debts, amounting in the Whole to a 4 large Sum or Money yearly; and although well able to pay the same, they often refuse so to do, pre- fuming on the Diffcouragement their Creditors lie under from the great Expences they are unavoidably put to in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards of forty Miles distant from any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places: And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts will greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit, within the said Hundred of 4 EUoe\ ihay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King^ raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cortfem of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Philip Ashley, John Burrows, the Reverend James Benson Clerk, William Chamberlain, Robert Dixon, Jacob Davey, Thomas Everson, Richard Fawjfett, William Fisher, the Reverend Richard Gibson Clerk, March Hannings* Daniel Harvey, William Harvey, Edward Halford, John Harvey, William Holmes, John Hoard, David Hum, John Key, Edward North on, Jarvis Palmer, Samuel Palmer, John Ruftat, John Rod? erf on, IVII-ham Stukeley, Thomas Sands, Samuel Tyrer, John Taulks, Jonathan Watson, David Wright, John War in, Thomas Whelldal, Joseph Watson junior, Cecil Willis D. D. John Ffotheringham senior, John Frothering-ham junior, Isaac Harvey, Ivilliatn Jackson, Samuel Jack/on, Michael Keightly, John Pears, James Palmer, Safnucl Richardson, Thomas Savage, 'Edward Savage, William Turner, Thomas J Vine, Robert Collins, Samuel Aiftrup, Robert Perkins, Robert Goulding, John Watson, IVHliam Tatam, John Gibbons senior, John Gib-hons junior, the Reverend Christopher Williamson, the Reverend William Maugham, Robert Francis Clapham, John Hardy, Matthew Clark5 John Bycraft, Hardy Measures, William Collins, the Reverend Richard Fox, Thomas Tibley, Thomas Melbourn, John tVilfon, William Wright, the Reverend John Northon Clerk, James Long, Simon Godfrey, Burgess, Thomas Dawson, Thomas Gough, James Burton, William

Whitley, Bellamy, the Reverend Hogartt Clerk, John Everson, Thomas Jenkinson, Henry

Day, the Reverend JVtlltam Greaves Clerk, the Reverend Morse Clerk, Thomas Girling, Joseph

Barton, John Worrall, John Pike, Thomas Jenkin, John Walker, the Reverend Charles Townsend, Thomas Measure, John Townsend, John Skelton, Robert Tunnard, Edward South, William Healeyr Gentell Chappell* #the Reverend John Dinham, the Reverend George Maclellan, Stephen Sanderson Ingram, Hurst Fowler, Maurice Johnson, Walter johnson, Fairfax Johnson, John Frankland, Owen Scotney, Henry Bennett, Daniel Arnold, John Rojbe, Thomas Thorpe, Thomas Hogard, Edmund JeJfop, John Ellington, John Ingram, The*- fhilus Buckworth, John Grundy, Samuel Elfdale the younger, Charles Green, Samuel Greaves, Jeremiah Smith, John Majfey, John Maffey the younger, Fullwood Sanderson, Theophilus Buckworth, William Catps, John Hinfon, John Lamb, Thomas Marshall, Henry Hawkes, the Reverend Highmoore, John

Hutchin, William Bailey, William Bailey the younger, William Hawkes, Edward Blithe, Thomas Robert Gates, Thomas Jennings, George Burwell, Robert Lee, George Burwell the younger, William Pear fen, Richard Morgan, William Molfon, John Wilkinson, Graham Wilkinson, John ThijBcton, William Henley Worrall, John Atkinson, Matthew Ives, John Carter, William Tilley, Matthew Ives, Robert Holditch, William Rodger-J'on, William Bellamy, Thomas Mawby, John Richardson, Samuel Lee, John Rodgerfn, Thomas Sharpe, Richard Stretton, John March, Laurence Stanroyd, John Hinders, Charles Gardiner, Joseph Hill, Robert Jaques, Robert fjhtincey, Robert Muse, isaac Langton, IVHliam Parrish, William Fisher, Willoughby Taylor, Thomas Hogard the younger, Robert Randall, Thomas Ives, Charles Crauford, Edward Kingjl on, Joseph Bothway, John Beeken, Richard Ashby, Richard Ashby junior, Jacob Decamps, John Hodges, John Sly, Ed-~rnund Negus, Robert Mafoiu John Whitfed, William Ceding, Nathaniel Betts, and George Bcarchell, shall be, and are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned 5 and such Commissioners, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Stile of The Court of Requests for the Hundred of Elioc, in the County of Lincoln: And they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court, in the said Towns of Spalding and Holbeach, alternately and by Turns, once in every Week, (to wit) on every Monday, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in a Court-house, or some convenient Place, to be provided by the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be assembled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose; which General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be for the first Week at Spalding aforesaid, on the Monday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act; and for the second Week at Hoi-beach aforesaid, on the Monday three Weeks next after the passing of this Act; and for the third Week at Spalding again, on the same Day of the Week; and so on in Succession and Rotation.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georou III. jC. 64. 387

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed onto be For want of a appointed by virtue of this Act, shall neg!e& or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for hold- some nt Num-ing the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cleric or Clerics of the said Court, torajj0urn the* or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient court to another Day, within one Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or till the next Day,

General Court Day to be held by Rotation as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, Commissioneit and their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, from Time Powers.

to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of thrs Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as hereafter is ment. tioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Costs, both against the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment},

Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and naoft agreeable to Equity and good Conscience: And if the Commiftianei9 so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present whole Name (lands first on the Lift of the Commissioners, directed to be kept.in the Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, $nd as often ae lneaf?ofDe*th,

it shall be necessary, either by the Death of any of the (kid Comm iffiopers herein before particularly named, of Commis-

or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, qr by his or their refusing otherl to

or neglecting for the Space of twelve Months to a & herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Conv- " missioners hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any (eleven or more of ftbem, <0 meet and af-

leoible together, at any Time after such Death, R.efufal, or Neglect toad, and to elect and appoint one or more Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying or refusing to ad; and every such Commissioner, so elected and appointed, shall be and is hereby enabled to ad in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named 10 this Act.

V« And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Atkinson Gentleman shall be and Clerk* and Ser-is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the fold Count of Requests to beheld at Spalding, and that jeamaappoiated, John Key Gentleman shall be and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests to be held at Hoibeach* and that Henry Everard ftsail be and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests to be held at Spalding* and that James Delby shall be and is hereby appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests *0 be held at Holbeach\ who shall continue Clerks and Serjeants of the said Courts so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.,

VI. Provided always, That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persons who shall keep any VifbiaL NaCojpnUfio*.

ling-house, Ale-house, or other House of any publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, *r> vi*?0!l,e% Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, pj^c of Profit/ or any other Place of Profit bcloi^ing to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Place Commissioner* of Cleric or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Milbehar 10 *ppwnt other viour, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet at some conve- .-nd nient Place, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and a Majority of the said Death &c! Commissioners so met are hereby authorised and required to choose and appoint another fit Person to be

Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks herein before named and Clerk* "to fixuy

chosen, and their Successors, so from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed, or his or their lawful L*.fl*of Co.ra* Deputy or Deputies, shall make and cause to be fixed up, in some convenient Part of each of the (ud Court- colm^houset ^the houses, lair and complete Lifts, in Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be 9

elected-and appointed as aforesaid; and shall also, and are hereby impowered and requicetEto ifftte, or cause to issue Sum-. to be ifluedput* all Suramonfes, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register and *>nfe», and xoi enter,-or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts gifter Order* and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by them, and kept for that Purpose: Serjeant* to And that the Serjeant and Serjeants herein before named and chosen, or from Time to Time to be chosen Summoirf. and appointed as aforesaid, shall and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to

be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be donehy them. -

IJf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Any Persontmty Act. itftiall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or fuc for Debt* on-have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, dcr4Ct* due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator,

Guardian, or Trustee, by or from A»y other Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting or refiJing within

abe Hundred aforesaid, or any Pact thereof, or trading and dealing or seeking a Livelihood therein, to

pplyjo either of the Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being,

who shall immediately make ah Ently in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and HowOfficmar*

the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing, under his Hand, to proceed.

directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors -to.appear, At a certain Tifne and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer

luoh.Demand j and the Serjeant of either of the said Courts shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons

388 C. 64.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Commissioneri impowered to sntke Rules, &c. for regulating the Practice of tbg Court}

and to admiiu* Her Oaths.

Commissionerf, on Non appearance of Defendant, may proceed to hear the Plaintiff, Sec,

And on Non* appearance- Of

Nonsuit of Plaintiff, may award Costs.

Commissioners may award Execution a gain It the Body or Gcots of any Person liable to Payments 3

who may be committed for 3 Mon hs, or ii.1 Order, &c. is obeyed.

Hew Servant may proceed if the Parry ab-fcond. &c.

When Debts are to be p.^id at federal Times,

to be served, on such Debtor or Debtors, either person ally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of such Debtor or Debtors within the Hundred aforesaid;' and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such. Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein* as to them shall seem most just and equitable.

‘ X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendeting this Act effectual for the Purposes thereof,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Time being, or any five or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners assembled in Court as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the respective Clerks and Serjeants or Officers of the said Courts for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with che true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only; according to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Continence.

XI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by cither Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them af* sembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause, to be allowed by the said Court, refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court?t the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall seem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of either of the said Courts, at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Seal, to the Serjeant of either of the said Courts, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is and are hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties, being within the Hundred aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, to some Common Gaol, or House of Correction, within the said County of Lincoln, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Months: And such Serjeant, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is and are hereby impowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the Hundred aforesaid. such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed: And if the Party against whose Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by abscondin^, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof^made to them by the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, A their Discretion, to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the respective Serjeants in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and fati fied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the

Defendant

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. 389

Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several how the Court is Payments', then, upon the first Default or f ailure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, to pr ce«d oa the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance *ai urc* of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Cost> as to them shall seem reasonable; to be recovered by the same Process, and in like Manner as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept so be issued upon in every Precept

any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who issued upon ,ny issues the same shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered and BsfCjjl on>clerk decreed to be paid: And if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded,* shall, be- £0cftf

fore any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken and condition* on apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their imprisonment, pay, or cause to which Execu-be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of t»on* may be Money and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over fuPcrftded. such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the

Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison; then, and in such Case and cases, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of either of the said If Serjeants wil-

Courts, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, *n

cause or fuifer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods removed of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its due Effect, thCy are to pay it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in the Debt and Court, upon Complaint, and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness Cost*.

or Witnesses, t > order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof Dy the same Method and Means as are herein before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Commissioner*

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Ef- f° talc« the foU sea i (that is to say,) - lowins 0ith‘

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the belt of my Judg- The Oath* c A meot, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an

A <St of Parliament For the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party.

'So help me GOD.'

Which Oath the Clerk of either of the said Courts, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk of either the said Courts shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered, in the Register of the said Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by th- Clerks or Serjeants, or their Successors, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say,] -

Memorial ther$» of to be register- ed.

Clerk* and Serjeant* Fee*

To the CLERKS.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence":—For issuing every Summons, Sixpence:—For every Subpoena, Sixpence: — For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Three-pence :—For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff or Defendant, Three-pence :—For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence :—For a Nonsuit, Sixpence:—For every Search in the Books, Threepence:—For paying Money into Court, Sixpence; if by Instalments, Sixpence in the Pound more: —

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerk's Book, Sixpence For every Attachment, Sixpence For every Execution, Sixpence:—For every Warrant of Commitment for an Infulror Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one*

Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Spalding or Iiolheacbr and attending the Court with the Return thereof. Sixpence; if out of either of the said Towns, Three pence more for every Mile For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny:

—For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling ;» if out of Town, Three pence more for every Mile:—For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent, to Prison, Sixpence more for every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of each of the said Courts in Tifeleof Fee* to fotne conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said be hung of in Commissioners shall meet, so that all Perious concerned may fee and examine the same. the Cauit ho»(*r

XX. A»d

39® C. 64. Anno decuno quinto Georgii III.\ A.D. 1775.

Penalty on taking gicater Feci.

Clerk* and Serjeant a may be

displaced, on Wifbcheviour.

No Commissioner, Ac, to act where he is interested.

Penalty on Persons irtfiiliing the Ourt, or obstructing the Officers.

Copy of preceding Clause to be rtuck up in the Court-houses.

Gaolers, &c. to receive Persons committed.

Penalty on Rc-

fufal, or permitting an fcicape.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward than what are herein before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of so ry Shillings, nor leis than ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more or them, shall afleis and impo'e; to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Town or Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Clerks or Serjeants shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fen than before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Act-vercisement to be inserted in some publick Newspaper, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then present, not being leis than eleven in Number, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that any of the Clerks or Serjeants have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty, as aforesaid, in his Office, ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint a (it and proper Person to execute the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of imn so dismissed and removed as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable erf acting as Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein; but, after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the said Court, until the same is 'finally determined: And if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being shall be a Party to or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative to such Cause.

XXIII. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may

be invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, iofult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers, of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going ro or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time mall affront, insult or abuse, hinder or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, any of the Clerks or Serjeants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or rpore of them then fitting, x>r if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in or near the Town where such Insult or Misdeameanour shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, or his or ‘their Deputy or Deputies, directing such Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons To offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken, before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices ‘of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln \ and upon the Fad alleged being proved by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, norless than five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be applied: And if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals* to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to some common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of Li*r* coin, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding thtee Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay the said Fine.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Clerks of the said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed or (luck up, in some publick Part of each of the said Court-houses, or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the Time being of the respective Common Gaols, or Houses of Correction, within the said County -of Lincoln* shall and may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into their Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners preferrt in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process i(Tiling out of the said Court of Requests: And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction respectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse-to receive and take into his or their Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall he so committed to his ior their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for that Purpose, in W riling, signed in Court by shne or more of the said Cotsmif-

sioners;

C.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65.

Boners; every Keeper offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the said County, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of, the Justice or Justices before whom he or they shall be convicted, or in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied*

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof in any of the King's Court3 at Westminster, or in the Court held for the said County of Lincoln; and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any ftiperior Court; but the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Pebt for Rent upon any Lease or Contraft, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contraft; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any Last Will or Testament, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at or by means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, to pay within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons making Oath, or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within the Hundred aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at 'the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Procf shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summon*, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, arflembled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; which rine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whose Irrftance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Marter or Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cases where Costs are given by Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

S91

No Anion for Debt, recoverable by thi ' Act* to be b ought in any other Court.

To what Debts this Act not extend.

Penalty on Per*

Ton* guilty of wilful Perjury*

Penalty on not obrying a Sub* poena.

Limit tion of Aniont,

General Issue*

[Treble Costs.]

Publick AO*

CAP. LXV.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wiflow^ lVarboysy Somersham, Colne, and Ridley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in th- Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington> within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

WHEREAS there are in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cam-f bridge, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds herein after particularly described, containing, by

4 Estimation, five thousand eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, by reason of their low Situation, 5 4 and

[Preamble.]

C. 6$t Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

c and the Decay of their Banks, are overflowed with Water: And whereas there are also certain other Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Buryf Wiftow* Warboys, Somersham*

4 Colne* and Pidley with Fenton* in the said County of Huntingdon, and Chatteris and Doddington in the said Isle of Ely* and County of Cambridge* herein after particularly described, containing, by Estimation,

nine thousand one hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and which* together with other Lands, are already comprised in a certain Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of F-ly, (ind County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishts of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; and also in another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty 4TCing George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wiftow, Warboys, harcett, Standground, and WaterNewton, 4 in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also in another Act*. made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds* and Commons, in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and also in another Act,

made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley lyith Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon; And whereas the said Acts have been found insufficient for effectually draining and preserving the said last-recited Fen Lands and Low Grounds: And whereas all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are abutted and bounded as follows:

that is to say. Beginning at the South Bank of the Forty Foot River* and from thence along by the Side of the Outring Ditch of a Piece of Ground of the Heirs of William Chandler, which divides that and a 4 muchwood Part called A Thijlle Green Lot, and from thence to the Farm-yard of William Fellowes Esquire, now in the Occupation of Abraham StaJJ'urth; and from thence along the Skirts of the High Lands be- longing to the said Farm; and from thence along the Skirts of the High Lands of Worlick Farm \ and from thence along by the Skirts of the High Lands of another Farm of the said William Fellowes, in the Tenure or Occupation of William Brown; and from thence along by the Skirts of the High Lands of one other Farm of the said William Fellowes, now in the Occupation of Henry Brown; and from thence along the Skirts of the High Lands adjoining to certain Fen Grounds called The Holloiv Head- and from thence along the High Land Skirts of a Ground called The Oak Tree Ground,* to the Skirts of the High. Lands of Peter Brighty Gentleman, to the Outring Ditch that divides the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury to the Outring Dike of a Bury Fen Lot belonging to Richard Batson* which divides that Lot from a Lot belonging to the Heirs of John Poulter Yeoman, to a certain Drove called Long Drove* and across the said Drove to the Outring Dike of a Lot of the Reverend Matter Hodson, which divides a Lot of the said John Poulterls Heirs and a Lot of Ann Sibley Widow, to the Outring Dike of the Heirs of Jonathan Nicholls* and along the said Dike to the North End of a Piece of Land called The JVillow Row* belonging to the Heirs of the said John Poulter* and along the East and South Dike of the said Willow Row to a Drove called Jack's Comer Drove* and along the said Drove to a twenty Acre Piece of Sir Robert Bernard Baronet, and along the Division Dike which divides a Lot of William Gosling junior and a Lot of the said Sir Robert Bernard to a Division Dike* which in Part divides the said twenty Acres an6-Vicar's Closes^ 4 and thence across a Drain which in Part divides the said Vicar's Closes and Jack's Corner, the Lands of the said Sir Robert Bernard* to a Dike which divides the High Lands of the said Vicar's Closes from the fenny Parts thereof, to a Wiftow Fen Loti called Durrant's Lot; from thence to a Drove called Durrani's 4 Drove to JVitflow Fen Long Drove; and from thence to Wijlow Stray Pajiuft Drove, and along the same to Wiftow Stray Pasture, and alone the High Land Skirts thereof, to a Division Dike which divides the Parish of Warboys and the said Wijlow Stray Pasture and the Land Skirts of Warboys Stray Pasture* next the fenny Parts thereof to the Outring Dike of the said Stray Pasture, which divides that and the Common called Old Stray Pasture; and from thence along the Skirts of the High Land of the said Common Stray Pasture* to Warboys Cow Common* and along the High Land Skirts thereof to Northen Ware\ and from thence still along the High Land Skirts of the said Common to Chappel Head * and from thence along the Skirts of the High Lands to a certain Hill near Wilthorn Ware; and from thence to the High Lands next Fenton Load near Pagin's Closes, and across the said Fenton Load*2ind by and along the North- east Side of Pagin's Closes to Fenton Green* and across Fenton Green to Fenton Meadow, and along the North-east Side thereof to Fenton Drove, and across the same to Pidley Meadow* and along the North Side thereof to Pidley Drove, and acrof6 the said Drove to a Ground late Cope's, now in the Occupation of Widow Barnes; and from thence along the North and East Sides of the said Ground to the Ground of Edward Holder* and along the East Side thereof to two Closes of John Ibbotts; from thence along the East and South Sides thereof to the Bottom of Fern Hill to Somersham Low Wood Corner; and from thence along the said Wood to College Closes; and from thence to the South Side of a certain Place called Little Land Floods to a certain Place called Sotnetjloam Meadow Dike, and by and along Somersham Meadow Dike to a certain Drove called Rumball's Drove, and across the same to the Lands of Thomas Day Esqmrcj and from thence to a certain Ditch called Slyer s Ditch; and from thence to a Place called Parkhill Lot Side; and from thence between the Lands of John Leeds and James Mason, lying on the West Side of Long Drove, and from. thence to the Lands of Thomas Want and John Thompson Esquires; and from thence to the Lands of Jane Leeds Widow; and from thence by Long Drove to a certain PLce called CroJ's Lakes; from thence to Cross Drove, and across the same to certain High Lands of Thomas Day Esquire, by the Skiiu of the same, round the fenny Parts thereof, to the Low Lands of the Lid Thomas Day; and from thence to the Lands of Bartholomew Ibbott; and from thence to a Lot of John Rumiali Leeds* and across the Drove to other Lands of the said John Rumball Leeds and James Maj n to the

A.D. 1775. Anno tfociuK) quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 393

Somersham Turnpike Road, and across the same to the Dike which divides the Land called The West Water and the said Road, and along the same Ditch to Chatteris Ferry% the House of William Grant; and froni thence by and along the High Land Skirts of Kefs Farm\ and from thence determined by the Skirts of the High Land in Chatteris Acre Fen to Pinch am s Holt; and from thence along the High Land Skirts of Chatteris Common to Hunnesham Ford\ from thence to the South-east Corner of a Piece of Land in WeJimoor% the Property of Ann Moule% late Doyle/s\ and from thence by and along the Outring Ditch that di- vides certain Lands in Westmoor aforesaid and a certain Part of Chatteris Common called Undorwilly, to the Skirts of Badney Hill\ and from thence across the Turnpike Road, and along by the Skirts of the High Land in Curs Common to Wimbl'tngton Leam near Slade Load; and from thence along by the Skirts of the High Land of certain Parts of Chatteris Common called Under Nor they; and from thence round the Skirts of the High Land in Birch Fen and Campole; and from thence by the Skirts of the High Land on the West Side of Langwood Hiily and by the Skirts of a certain Piece of High Land of Joseph James to The forty Foot Bank^ and along the same Bank on the South Side of the said River to Carter's Bridge; and from thence still along the same Bank on the South Side of the forty Foot River, to The forty Foot Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsey'aforesaid: And whereas all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, fodeferibed as aforesaid, cannot be iutficienily drained by the Means now used for draining the same;* may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act!s, made in the twenty- So much of second, thirty-first, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, as in anywise relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds herein-before described; and so much of the undVunder'this said Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, as impowers act repealed, the Commissioners a£!ing under the said Act, to heighten, strenethen, and support, a certain Bank commonly called Northey Bank, from the High Lands on Bury Meadow to 77;/ Stillyard House at Ramsey, and also another Bank commonly called The forty Foot Bank, from Theforty Foot Bridge to ruttock 'Br dge9 shall be repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds Fen Lands, &c« and the said Banks, shall be subject to the Controul, Authority, and Jurisdiction, of the Commissioners to be under the under this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned, and not to the Controul, Authority, and Jurisdiction, commissioneri8 of the Commissioners acting under and by the Authority of the said recited Acts, ?ny Thing in the said under^itAS. Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That none of# the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds comprised in the said Provisodefcrib* Acts made in the twenty-second and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the ing the Lands to Second, except the District herein after called The Second District for Drainings and described as follows; Jf under t^c that is to say, beginning at and from the North-east Corner of Westmoor and Beezling's District in Chat- commissionert ter is and Doddington aforesaid, near The Forty Foot River or Drain and Chatteris Common; and from thence ti,j wimbiing-along by a Part of Chatteris Common called Curf\ and from thence abutting upon and against Land called tonLeam,&c. Willy, to the End of certain Land next adjoining to a Place called Hive Ena Burrows, now in the Pof- be widened, &c. feflBon of AnnMoule\ and from thence along by the Outring Ditch of certain other Lands, now in Pof-

session of the said Ann Moule, Kempton, Joseph Brown, John Gardner, Esquire, and others, to the

Division Dike which parts the said Lands and a certain Common called Chatteris Mow Fen otherwise Acre Fen; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch next the said Mow Fen otherwise Acre Fen to a Piece of Land formerly called the lv\ft Water otherwise Old West Water, and along by the said Weft Water to certain Lands of Henry Peyton Esquire 5 and from thence by and along the South-west Side of the said Lands of the said Henry Peyton to the North-west End of the said Lands of the said Henry Peyton, and across the Ditch which divides the said Lands and the Lands of Matthew Wyldbore Esquire up to the Bank on the Lands of the said Matthew Wyldbore, and then by and along by the North-east Side of the said Lands of the said Henry Peyton to the South-west Corner of a certain Piece of Land of William Skceles; and from thence along by the Ditch on the East Side of a certain Drove called Beezling's Drove to the aforesaid Drain called The Forty Foot River or Drain; and from thence along by the said River or Drain to the aforesaid North-east Corner of the said Westmoor and Beezling's District, near Chatteris Common aforesaid,

shall come under, or be subject! to, the Controul, Authority, and Jurisdiction, of the Commissioners under this Act, except as herein after is excepted, until the Twenty Foot Drain otherwise IVimhlington Leam and Fenton Load shall be widened and deepened, and the Banks on each Side thereof completed, and a Pair of Doors erected at the hard Lands at Slade Load in Chatteris, and two Mills erected at the End of the said Twenty Foot Drain otherwise Wimblington Leam, next to Vermuyden s otherwise the Forty Foot River or Drain, in the Manner herein after directed.

[Proviso,

III. Provided nevertheless, That the Commissioners acting for the Lower District! for embanking, together with the Commissioners of the Three hundred Acre Farm, herein after mentioned, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, have the same Power of charging and collecting upon and from the said last mentioned Lands the same Rates and Taxes for the Purpose of embanking, as are charged upon, and may be collected from, the other Lands within the said Lower District! for the Purpose of embanking.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so described as afore- Lands before d<?-said, shall be, and are hereby made two separate Districts, with respect to making, repairing, and keep- scrib«a to be two ing in Repair, the several Banks in this Act mentioned; that is to say. That so much of the said Fen Diflridh for cm-Lands and Low Grounds as is contained in the following Boundary, beginning at the South Bank of the anklD*'

Forty Foot River; and from thence along by the Side of the Outring Ditch of a Piece of Ground of the

Heirs of William Chandler, which divides that and amuchwood Part called AThiftle Green Lot; and from thence to the Farm-yard of William Fellowes Esquire, now in the Occupation of Abraham Staffurth; and from thence along the Skirts of the High Lands belonging to the said Farm; and from thence along die Vol.XII. Skirts

394

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Skirts of the High Lands of Worlick Farm 5 and from thence along by the Skirts of the High Lands of another Farm of the said William Fellowes, in the Tenure or Occupation of William Brown; and from thence along by the Skirts of the High Land of one other Farm of the said William Feliowes, now in the Occupation of Henry Brown 5 and from thence along the Skirts of the High Land adjoining to certain Fen Grounds called The Hollow Head5 and from thence along by the Skirts of the High Lands of a Ground called The Oak Tree Ground, to the Skirts of the High Lands of Peter Brighty Gentleman, to the Outring Ditch which divides the Parish of Ramsey and Bury to the Outring Dike of a Bury Fen Lot belonging to Richard Batson, which divides that from a Lot belonging to the Heirs of John Poulter Yeoman, to a certain Drove called Long Drove, and across the said Drove to the Outring Dike of a Lot of the Reverend Matter Hodson, which divides a Lot of the said John PoultePs Heirs and a Lot of Ann Sibley Wi* dow, to the Outring Dike of the Heirs of Jonathan Nicholls, and along the said Dike to the North End of a Piece of Land called The IVillow Row, belonging to the Heirs of the said John Poulter, and along the East and South Side of the said Willow Row to a Drove called Jack's Corner Drove, and along the said Drove to a Twenty Acre Piece of Sir Robert Bernard Baronet, and along the Division Dike which divides a Lot of William Gojling junior and a Lot of the said Sir Robert Bernard to a Division Dike which in Part divides the said twenty Acres and Vicar's Closes; from thence across a Drain which in Part divides the said Vicar s Closes and Jack's Corner, the Land of the said Sir Robert Bernard, to a Dike which divides the High Lands of the said Vicar's Closes from the fenny Parts thereof to a Wifloiv Fen Lot called Durranfs Lot; and from thence to a Drove called Durrant's Drove to JViflow Fen Long Drove j and from thence to IViJlow Stray Pasture Drove, and along the same to IViJlow Stray Pasture, and along the High Land Skirts thereof to a Division Dike which divides the Parish of Warboys and IViftow Stray Pasture and the Land Skirts of Warboys Stray Pasture, next the fenny Parts thereof, to the Outring Dike of the said Stray Pasture, which divides that and the Common called Old Stray Pasture; and from thence along the Skirts of the High Land of the said Common Stray Pasture to Warboys Cow Common, and along the High Land Skirts thereof to Northen Ware*, and from thence still along the High Land Skirts of the said Common to Chappel Head\ and from thence along the Skirts of the High Land to a certain Hill near JVilthorn Ware*, and from thence by the High Lands to Fenton Load near Pagin's Closes; and from thence back to the said Hill near WiJ-thorn Ware along Warboys Cow Common New Pasture and the High Fen next Fenton Load to the Three hundred Acre Farm, and along the said Farm next Fenton Load to the West Water, and by and along the North-east Side of the said West Water to the Corner of We/lmoor and Beczling's Di/lrift, and by and along the Outring Ditch that divides the said District and certain Parts of Chatteris Acre Fen to another Part of Chatteris Common called Hive End Burrows; and from thence by and along the Outring Ditch that divides the said Distiidl and the said Hive End Burrows to the East Corner of the said iJiftrid; and from thence by and along the Outring Ditch that divides the said District from a certain other Part of Chat* tens Common called Under Willy, to The Forty Foot River, and by and along the South Bank of the said River to Puttock's Bridge and The Forty Foot Bridge, in the Parish of Ramsay aforesaid, shall be and be called The Upper Difirifl or Division: And that so much of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as is con«-rained in the following Boundary, beginning at Fenton Load, by and along the North-east Side of Pagitt's Closes to Fenton Green, and across Fenton Green to Fenton Meadow, and along the North-east Side thereof to Fenton Droves and across the same to Pidlay Meadow, and along the North Side thereof to Pidky Drove* and across the said Drove to a Ground late Cope's, now in the Occupation of Widow Barnes*, and from, thence along the North and East Sides of the said Ground to the Ground of Edward Holder, and along, the East Side thereof to two Closes of John lbbott's *, from thence along the East and South Sides thereof to the Bottom of Fern Hill to Somersham Low Wood Corner; and from thence along the said Wood to* College Closes, by and along the High Land Skirts thereof to certain Pieces of Land called Land Floods, and by and along the South-call Side of the same to Somersham Meadow Dike, and by and along the said Dike to the Low Landis of Thomas Day Esquire, and by and along the High Land Skirts of the same to a certain. Drove called Rumballs Drove, and across the same to a certain Ditch called Slyer Ditch, and along the South-west Side thereof toParkhill Lot Side, and along the East Side of the same to a Dike between the Lands of John Leeds and James Mason, and along the said Dike to Long Drove, and along the West Side thereof to Cross Drove, and across the said Drove to certain Lands called Cross Lakes, and along the North Side thereof to certain Low Lands belonging to Thomas Day Esquire, and by and along the High Land* Skirts of the same to a Dike between two Lots of Land belonging to Bartholomew Ibbot, and along the said Dike to Long Drove aforesaid, and across the lame to a Ditch between the Lands of John Thomson Efiluire on the South Side and the Lands of John Rumball Leeds and James Alafon on the North Side, and along the said Ditch to the Somersham Turnpike Road, and across the same to the Dike which divides the Lana called The West Water and the said Road, and along the same Ditch to Chatteris Ferry, and by and along the Ditch on the East Side of the said Road to Somersham Town, and back again by the said Ditch to Chatteris Ferry, the House of William Grant \ and from thence by and along the High Land Skirts of Key's Farm, and from thence by the Skirts of the High Land in Chatteris Acre Fen to Pinchams Holt*, and from thence along the High Land Skirts of Chatteris Common to Hunnisham Ford; from thence to the East Corner of a Pioreof Land in We/lmoor, the Property of Ann Moule, late Doyley's; and from thence along the Outring Ditch between Westmoor and Beezling's DiflriSt and a certain Part of Chatteris Common called Hive End Burrows and the Acre Fen to the If'ejl Water, and by and along the West Water to Fenton Load, and along Fenton Load next the Three Hundred Acre Farm to Warboys High Fen, and by and along the same to New Pasture, the Cow Common, and to Pagitt's Chfes, and also from a certain Place on the South Bank of the Forty Foot River, adjoining the North-east Corner of Westmoor and BeezJing's DiflriSl to Carter's Bridge \ and from thence by the Skirts of Badney Hill and Ciirf Common to Wimbleton Leam near Slade Load; and from thence along by the Skirts of the High Land of certain Parts of Chatteris Common called Under Nirthy $ and from thence round the Skirts of the High Land in Birch Fen and Campole j and from

thence

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 395

thence by the Skirts of the High Land on the West Side of Langwood Hill, and by the Skirts of acertain Piece of High Land of Joseph James to the Forty Foot Bank, and along the same Bank on the South Side of the said River to Carters Bridge a fore fa id, shall be and be called The Lower Di/lridi.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said several Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so described as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby divided into five Districts with respect to draining the same; that is to say. That all those Fed) Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the Parish of Warboys aforesaid, beginning at and from Puddock Drove Dike or Drain, and from thence along the Ditch between the Lands of John Fleming Esquire and Mistress Kerrich to a certain Piece of Land called The We/l Water, and alongby the Side of the said West Water to a certain Drain commonly called The Fourteen Feet Drain, along between the Lands of Miftiefs Kerrich and Warboys High Fen to the Lands of Sir Robert Bernard, and between the find Farms and the High Fen to the Lands of William Feliowes Efcuiiie to the Lands of Richard Scrim/hire Ef-cjuire, and late Joseph Sheruwod Esquire, between the Fntr Five Hundred Acre Farms and Warboys High Fen to the Corner of Broad Pool, then along the South Side of the same Lands next Broad Pool and the Turf Fen to Puddock Drove, and up to the B ink in the said Drova belonging to a certain District in the Parish of Ramsay, called Ram say First District; and from thence along by the Euft Side of Puddock Drove up to the Forty root River or Drain, and all the Lands and Grounds lying within such Boundaries, contain-trig, by Estimation, two thousand Acres, or thereabouts, shall be and be called The First Dislritt or Dr-vision for Drainage: And that all those Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the several Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington aforesaid, being Part of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds comprised or mentioned in a certain Act of Parliament, made and pissed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and afo in the Pari Joes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntington; (that is to say,) Beginning at and from the North eift Corner of West moor and Beezlings District, in Chatteris and Doddingttn aforesaid, near the Forty Foot River ot Drain and Chatteris Common; and from thence along by a Part of Chatteris Common called Curs j and from thence abutting upon and against Land called fPiliy to the End of certain Land nexr adjoining to a Place called Hive End Burrows, now in Possession of Ann Made; and from thence along by the Outring Ditch of certain other Lands, now in Possession of the said Ann A Rule, Kemp ton, Joseph Brown, John

Gardner Esquire, and others, to the Division Dike which parts the said Lands and a certain Common called Chatteris Mow Fen otherwise Acre Fen\ and from thence along by the Outiing Ditch next the said Mow Fen otherwise Acre Fen to a Piece of L ind formerly called The Ik ejl IPater other wise The Old West Water, and along by the said West I Pater to certain Lands of Henry Peyton Esquire; and from thence by and along the South-west Side of the said Lands of the said Henry Peyton to the North-west End of the said Lands of the said Henry Peyton, and across the Ditch which divides the said Lands and the Lands of Matthew Wyldbore Esquire, up to the Bank on the Land of the said Matthew Wyldbore, and then by and along the Nonh-c«ft Side of the said Lands of the said Henry Peyton to the South-west Corner of a certain Piece of Land of William Skeeles; and from thence along determined by the Ditch on the East Side of a certain Drove called Beczling's Drove to the aforesaid Drain called The Forty Foot River or Drain; and from thence along by the said River or Drain to the aforesaid North-east Corner of the said Westmoor and Beezlinfs Di/iridt near Chatteris Common aforesaid, and all the Lands and Grounds lying within such Boundaries, containing* by Estimation, one thousand and fifty Acres, or thereabouts, and which said Lands and Grounds are herein after made the second D drift of the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be drained and preserved, (except only and always excluding and reserving the reout three Acies of Land, now in the Pof-leflion of John Gardner Esquire, lying next a certain Common called Under Willy, and within the Boundaries of the said second District, and four Acres of Land now in the Post'eflion of Ann Moult, lying next the said Common, and within the Boundaries aforesaid, and which said two Pieces of Land were exempted and excluded from and out of the said second District, in and by the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, and are not hereby intended to be comprised therein, or made Part thereof, or to be subject or liable to be taxed* rated, or afieft'ed thereto, by virtue of this present Act, or otherwise), shall be and be called The Second Difiridl or Division fer Drainage: And that all those Fen Lands, Low Grounds, anil Commons, 1\ing within the Parish of Warboys aforesaid, beginning at and from the End of the Drain -called The Fourteen Feet Drain, next to the Lands of Mistress Kerrich, and along the said Drain next to the West Water to the Three Hundred A^re Farm, and by and along the Division Dike between the said three hundred Acre Farm and Warboys High Fen to the Bink herein after directed to be made on the North-west Side of Fenton Load, and by and along the North-west Side of Fenton Load to Nnv Pasture \ and from thence by and along the f.iid North-welt Side of Fenton Load aforesaid to Papitt's Closes, and from thence to the Hill on the North Side of I Pi it home Ware, and from the said Hill to Rnton Load aforesaid, and from Fenton Load to Chappel Head, and from Chappel Head along the Hish Land Skirts of the Cow Common to Nor then Ware; and from thence along the High Land Skirts to Puddock Drove; and from the said Drove along the High Land Skirts to Warboys Stray Pasture; and from thence along the Ditch between the said Stray Pasture and Warboys Common Stray Pasture to the Lands of Ellington Wright, and along the Ditch between the said Lands and Common Stray Pasture across Puddock Drove, and along between Puddock Drove and Warboys Turf Fen to the Lands of Richard Scrimshire and late Joseph Sherwood Esquire; and from thence along the Drain between the said Lands and Warboys Turf Fen to Broad Pool; and from thence along the same Drain between the said Lands and Broad Pool to Warboys High Fen; and from thence along the Drain between the Lands of the said Richard Scrim/hire and late Joseph Sherwood and the said High Fen to the l*nds of William Feliowes Esquire, and along the same Drain to the Lands of Sir Robert Bernard; and from thence along the same Drain to Lands of Mistress Kerrich; and from thence along the same Drain CO the Drain called The fourteen Feet Drain, next to the West Water j and from thence along the Ditch on

Lands diruied into five l>i-flrittafor Drain-*ge-

First Dirtridfc f$f draining.

SeeonJ DIftisdt f jx draining*

Third

for draining.

39«

Fourth District ipr draining.

Fifth District for draining.

O>mmissioners for the general Exn-anknnent,

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

the South-west Side of the said West Water to the Bank on the South Side of the Forty Foot River $ and from thence across the said West Water, and along the Ditch on the South-west Side of the said West Water to Warboys High Fen 5 and all the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, lying within such Boundaries, containing, by Estimation, two thousand and two hundred Acres, or thereabouts, shall be and be called The Third District or Division for Drainage: And also all those Fen Lands and Low Grounds Within the several Parishes of Somersham, Colne, and Ptdley with Fenton aforesaid, being other Part of the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds comprised in the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Arv Attfor draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Me pal, Wiccham, Chatteris, Doddingcon, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the isle of Ely, and County ^Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; and also in a certain other Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and prefacing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon, beginning at and from a certain Place called Fenton Willows and from thence by and along the South-west Side of Land called The West Water, to Chatteris Ferry; and from thence by and along the Dike which divides the said Land called The West Water and Somersham Turnpike Road to a Place called Copeds Corner; and from thence back again and across the said Turnpike Road to a Ditch-between the Lands of John Thom/on Esquire on the South Side and the Lands of James Mason and John Rumhall Leeds on the North Side, and along the said Ditch to Long Drove, and across the said Drove to a Dike between two Lots of Land belonging to Bartholomew Ibbott, and along the said Dike to the Low Lands of Thomas Day Esquire, round the High Land Skirts of the same to- Croft Drove, at the upper End of certain Lands called Cross Lakes, and along the South Side of the said Drove to Long Drove aforesaid, and along the West Side thereof to a Dike between the Lands of James Mason and John Leeds, and along the same to Parkhill Lot Side, and from thence to a certain Di:ch called Slyer Ditch, and by and along the South-west Side thereof to a Drove called Rumball's Drove, and across the said Drove to the Low Lands of Thomas Day Esquire, and round by the High Land Skirts of the same to Somersham Meadow Dike, and by and along the said Dike to certain Lands called Land Floods, and by and along the South-cast Side therepf to College Closes, and along the High Land Skirts of the same to a Place known by the Name of Somersham Low Wood Corner \ and from thence along Somersham Low Wood; and from thence along by the Bottom of Fernhill to two Closes or Grounds of John Ibbott, and along by the South and East Sides thereof to the Ground of Edward Holder, and along the East Side of the same to a Ground late Cope's, now in the Occupation of the Widow Barnes, and along the East and North Sides of the said Ground to Pidley Meadow, and across the Drove at the End of the said Meadow; and from thence by and along the North Side of Pidley Meadow to the End thereof, and across a certain Drove called Fenton Drove to Fenton Meadow, and by and along the East and North-east Side of Fenton Meadow to Fenton Green, and across Fenton Green to Pagin's Closes, and by and along the North-east Side of the said Closes to Fenton Gull; and from thence along the South-east Side of Fenton Gull to Fenton Load, and by and along the South-east Side of Fenton Load to Fenton Willow, and all the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within such Boundaries, containing, by Estimation, two thousand seven hundred Acres, or thereabouts, shall be and be called The Fourth District or Division for Drainage: And that all those Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, within the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, being Part of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds com-prtfed or mentioned in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Parishes of Chatteris, and Doddington in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge 5 (that is to say,) Beginning at and from a certain Place in Chatteris aforesaid called Slade Gate otherwise Curs Gates and from thence by or along the aforesaid Drain called The twenty Feet Drain up to a certain Common in Chatteris aforesaid called Curs Common; and from thence by or along the High Land Skirts of the said Common to a certain Bridge called Carter's Bridge, and from the said Bridge by and along the South-west Side of the Forty Foot River or Drain to the Hard Lands at Horseway; and from thence by and along the Skirts of the Hard Lands on the West Side of Langtvood Hill s and from thence by and along the Skirts of the Hard Lands round Campole Birch Fen and Northey s and from thence along the Hard Lands up to Slade or Curs Gate aforesaid, and also from the Skirts of the High Land near Hunne-/ham Ford in Chatteris aforesaid, by and along the Skirts of the High Land to Pinchams Holt; and from ihence by and along the Skirts of the High Land to Key's Corners and from thence by and along the Skirts of the High Lands in Key s Farm to the Turnpike Road near the Ferry Farm-house in Chatteris, now in the Occupation of William Grant; and from thence by and along the Turnpike Road to Chatteris Ferry Toll-gate s and from thence by and along the North-east Side of the We/l Water, to the South-west Corner of the aforesaid Second District called Westmoor and Bceodinv's; and from thence by and along the Outring or Division Ditch which parts the said Second District and Chatteris Acre Fen to a certain Place called Hive End Burrows; and from thence by the Outring or Division Ditch which Parts the said Lands called Hive End Burrows and the said Second District to the Hard Lands near a certain Place called The Wambs and from thence by and along the Skirts of the High Lands to Httnnebam Ford aforesaid, and all the Lands and Low Grounds lying within such Boundaries, containing, by Estimation, two thousand four hundred Acres, or thereabouts, shall be and be called The Fifth District or Division for Drainage.

VI. And it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Persons herein after mentioned shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for executing and effecting the Powers, Authorities, and Purposes of this present Act within the said Upper District, so far as the same relates to the embanking and keeping in Repair the several outward Banks, beginning at Bury Bridge, along the Bank called Northey Bank, to the Stillyard House in Ramsey, and From a certain Bridge in Ramsey aforesaid

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 397

said called The Forty Foot Bridge, along the South Bank of Tbt Forty Foot River to PuttocFs Bridge, and still along the said Forty Foot Bank to the North-east Corner of WeJlmoorznA Beezling's Dist'itt, in the Parish of Doddington\ (that is to say), the Lord or Lords, Lady of Ladies, of the several Manors of Ramsey% Bury, Wijlow, Warboys, Chatteris Ramsey, Doddington, Little Ravely, Broughton, OM Hurst, Woodbufjly Saint Ives, and Houghton with Witton, John Leman Esquire, and his Heirs, and in their Absence, his, her. or their several and respective Agents, the Rectors and Vicars of Warboys and Doddington, Little Ravely, Broughton, Old HurJl, Woodhurst, Saint Ives, and Houghton with Witton, for the Time being; and each and every Owner for the Time being of two Houses, having Right of Common in Warboys High Fenr or of ten Acres of Several Land lying within the Limits of the said Upper District, and subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act towards the Embankment of the same, as aforesaid: And that the several Persons herein after mentioned, nominated and appointed, and their Successors, to be elected as herein after directed, shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for executing and effecting the Powers, Authorities, and Purposes of this present Act within the said Lower District, so far as the same relates to the embanking and keeping in Repair the several outward or boundary Banks, from the North-east Corner of Westmoor and Beezlings District aforesaid, along the South Bank of the said Forty Foot River to Carter's Bridge; and from thence to Horseway, and the Banks on each Side of Wimblington Learn to Slade Load, and the Banks on each Side the Drain commonly called The twenty Foot, from Slade Load aforesaid to Fenton Willoiv, and the Bank from thence along the South-ealt Side of Fenton Load to Pagitt's Closes, and from the Farm-house of William Grants called Chatteris Ferry-house, by and along the East Side of the Turnpike Road to Somersham Town; (that is to say,) the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the several Manors of Chatteris-Ramsey, Somersham, and Colne, and DingleyAJkham Esquire, John-Cole Esquire, John Cole junior, Esquire, John Thomson Esquire, William Pagitt Esquire, Christopher Milborne Esquire, Charles Leeds, William Margetts, the Agent of Elizabeth South Spinster, James Hutchinson

?bhn Newnham Esquire, John Le?nan Esquire, John Waddington Esquire, John Gardner Esquire, Daniel' ryer, John Bateman, Richard Camps, William Purr ant, Thomas Smith, the Agent of Mistress Ann Moult-Spinster, Robert Grimditch, Edward Ruston, John Worth junior, Thomas Skeeles, and Samuel Wells; and in* his, their, or any of their Absence, his, their, or any of their several and respective Agents.

VII. Provided also, That there be not at any one Time more or less than thirty Commissioners for the said Lower District, including such Lords and Ladies of Manors, or their several and respective Agents as aforesaid, fourteen of whom shall be Lords or Ladies of the Manor of Chatteris-Ramsey as aforesaid, or their several and respective Agents, or Owners of one or more commonable Mefltiages or Tofts, having Right of Common in Chatteris Common; fourteen shall be Lords or Ladies of the several Manors of Somer-Jbam and Colne, or their several and respective Agents or Owners of fix Acres of Several Land lying or corhprifed in the aforesaid Fourth District for draining; and the remaining two shall be Owners of or Agents for the said Farm called The three Hundred Acre Farm.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That from Time to Time, and as often as any Commissioner, hereby nominated for the said Lower District as aforesaid, shall die, or become disqualified, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners acting by virtue of the like Qualification as the Commissioner who shall so die or become disqualified, did act, or the major Part of themr assembled at a Meeting for that Purpose, to elect one other Commissioner in the Stead of the Commissioner dying, or becoming disqualified, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require; and every Commissioner so cledled shall, from Time to Time, have the same Authority for executing this Act as the Commissioner in whose Stead he shall be elected was inverted with.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manors of Chatteris-Ramsey, Somersham, and Colne, for the Time being, and, in their Absence, their respective Agents, shall beat all Times hereafter Commissioners for the executing, and effecting the Powers, Authorities, and Purposes of this present Act, within the said Lower District, so far as the same relates to the embanking and keeeping in Repair the said several outward or boundary Banks of the same.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person hereby vappointed, or hereafter to be elected, except only such Lords or Ladies of such Manors, or their Agents, as aforesaid, shall be enabled to act as a Commissioner for the said Lower District, unless such Person so appointed or to be elected a Commissioner shall be possessed of one commonable Messuage, having Right of Common within the said Lower District, or of fix Acres of Several Land lying or comprised within the said District.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for*' my Person who is the real Owner of more than two commonable Houses, having Right of Common in Warboys High Fen, or ten Acres of Several Land lying within the said Upper District for embanking* and paying Taxes thereto, and every such respective Owner in the said Ufiper District, is hereby authorised and impowered to appoint, by Writing, under his or her Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or she shall think proper, one Commissioner for every such commonable House, or every fifteen Acres of Several Land, which he, she, or they, shall be possessed of, over and above the said two commonable Houses, or ten Acres of such Several taxable Lands, lying within the Limits of the said Upper District, such Deputy or Deputies for the said Upper District to oe the real Owner or Owners of one House, having Right of Common in Warboys High Fen, or four Acres of taxable Several Lands within the said Upper District, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, into Execution, with respect to the embanking and keeping in Repair the said several outward or boundary Banks of the fai3 Upper District.

XII. And, in order that a sufficient Number of Commissioners may be appointed for carrying this Act into Execution for the said five Districts or Divisions, with respect to the draining the same,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Owner for the Time being respectively of forty 6 /Acres

Number of Commissioner for the Lower District.

Commissioner* dying, sew one# 1 tabechofeo.

Perpetual Commissioner*.

Qualification of Commissioner*.

Real Owner of ' two commonable House*, orten Acre* of Several Land in Upper I)irtri£t, may appoint a Commissioner for every House, and 15 Acres, over and above which pufldT-'t.

Commissioners for dinning.

Commissioner for first District;

393 C. 65.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Commissioners for Second District.

—Third Dif-UiO;

—Fourth Dif-

tri&}

Acres of Land, in his or their own Right, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying within the said first Distridtor Division, shall be, is and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said first District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, into Execution, with respect to draining the said first District; and that each and every Owner for the Time being respectively of thirty Acres of Land in his or their own Right, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying respectively within the said second District or Division, shall be, is and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said second District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, into Execution, with respect to the draining of the said second District; and that the Lords and Ladies of the Manors, and also the Redors and Vicars of War boy r, Little Ravely, Broughton, Oldhurst, Woodhurst, Saint Ives, and Houghton uith Witton for the Time being, John Leman Esquue, and his Heirs, and each and every Owner for the Time being respectively of two Houses having Right of Common within the said third District, shall be, is and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said third District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, into Execution, with respect to the draining of the said third District; and that in Consideration of the Rights of the War hoys Commissioners upon the three Commons, called New P^flure, The Cow Common, and The Stray Pa/lure, the said ITarboys Commissioners, and each of them, shall have, and are hereby declared to have two Votes, or a double Vote, at all Meetings held by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of Drainage within the said third District; and that the Lords and Ladies for the Time being, of the several Manors of Somersham and Colne, and their several and respective Agents, and each and every Owner for the Time being respectively of forty Acres of Land in his or their own Right, fuhjed to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying respectively within the said fourth District, shall be, is and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said fourth District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, into Execution, with respect to the draining of the fad —FifthDiftrift, fourth District; and that the Lords and Ladies for the Time being of the Manors of Chatteris-Ramsey^ BartLtts, Tindals, and Lijles, the Matter of Corpus Christi College in Cambridge, the Vicar of Chatteris for the Time being, and their respective Agents, and each and every Owner for the Time being respectively of two Mefluag s or Tofts, having Right of Common in Chatteris Commons, or of twenty Acres of Several Land, in their own Right, fuhjed to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying respectively within the said fifth District or Division, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said fifth District or Division, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, into

Execution, with respect to the draining of the said fifth District.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who is the real Owner of forty Acres of taxable Laud lying within the said first District* and every such respective Owner is hereby authoris'd and impowered to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, and for such Time or Times as he or she shall think proper, one Commissioner for every fifty Acres which he or she shall be po(letted of, ovet and above the aforesaid forty Acres of taxable Lands, lying within the said first District, over and above the Commissioners herein *bc~ fore appointed for the putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, into Execution, with respect to draining the same and such respective Commissioners, so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners to all Intents and Purposes for carrying this Act into Execution, so far Every Owner of as the same relarcs to the draining of the said first District: And that it shall and may be lawful for any

t°e m ^er^on w *s real Owner of thirty Acres of taxable Land, lying within the said feccnd District, and

e eetin ii- every such respective Owner is hereby authorised and impowered to appoint, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, and for such Time or Times as he or (lie shall think proper, one Commissioner for every fifty Acres which he or she shall bepossefled of over and above the aforesaid thirty Acres of taxable Land, lying within the said second District, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for the putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, into Execution, with respect to draining the same; such respective Deputies to be the real Owners or Occupiers of ten Acres of taxable Land lying in the said second District; and such respective Deputies, so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners to all Intents and Purposes, for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities therein contained, into Execution, so far as the same relates, to the Drainage of the said second District: And that it shall and may be lawful for the Lords and Ladies of the Manors of War boys. Little Ravely, Broughton, Old Hurfl, Woodhurst, Saint Ives, and Houghton with llritton, for the Time being, John Leman Esquire, and his Heirs, or their respective Agents, and any Person who is the real Owner for the Time being of two Houses, having Right of Common within the said third District, and each and every of them, is hereby authorised and impowered to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, and for all such Time or Times as he or she ftnll think proper, one Commissioner for every House, having Right of Common in the said third District, which he or flic shall bepossefled of, over and above the aforesaid first-mentioned two Houses having Right of Common in the said third District; which Deputy shall be the real Owner of one commonable House in War bays, or some of the Towns having Right of Common upon Warboys High Fen, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, into Execution, with respect to the draining of the said District; and such respective Deputies, so n minated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners to all Intents and Purposes for carrying this Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Drainage of the said third District: And that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Person-, who is or are the Owner or Owners of forty Acres of taxable Land lying within the said fourth D.strict, and every such respective Owner and Owners is and are hereby au-rhorised and impowered to appoint, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Sc.'ls, f om Time to Time, and for such Time or Times as he, she, or they, shall think proper, one Commissioner for every fifty Acres which he, she, or they, shall be possessed of, over and above the aforesaid funy Acres of taxable Land lying within the said fourth District, over and above the Commissioners

herein*

V.rtry Owner of 40 Acres of taxable Land in the first District rr.a-y appoint a Commifliooer for every 50 Acre* over *nd »bcve which he pofltfles.

tri& may appoint a Commissioner for every 50 Acre* over and above which he potfeflei. each Deputy to be Owner, kc. Of ten Acre* wi second Dittrich Lords and I.a-d cs of Manors of Warboys, Little Ravrly,

A c. *n the third may

: BppointC *tr»-jmhioocis, &c.

Every Owner

of 40 Acie1 in the hi irth I)if-trft may ap p< i 1: a Commissionet fjr every 50 Acre* OV'T

*nd above which

hepcQctlc* j

399

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. ' C. 65.

herein-before appointed for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, into Execution, with respect! to draining the same; such respective Deputies to be the real Owners or Occu- every such De-

£iers of ten Acres of taxable Land lying in the said fourth District, or being the respective Agents of the putyiobeOwner ords or Ladies of the Manors of Colne and Somersham, or of Christofber Alilborne c.f(\\\\xe% Rebecca Mil- 0 10 Acicf* borne Widow, the Honourable Mistress Jane Hyde, and James Hutchinson \ and such Deputies io*nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners to all Intents and Purposes for putting this Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Drainage of the said fourth District: And that it shall Evrrf Owner of and may be lawful for any Person who is the real Owner of two Messuages or Tofts, having Right of Common in Chatteris Commons, or the real Owner of twenty Acres of Several taxable Land lying within *pPo?nt a Con! the said fifth District; and every such respective Owner is hereby authorised and impowered, by Writing missioner for under his or her Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, and for all such Times as he or she shall think pro- every two Mcf-per, to appoint one Commissioner for every two commonable Messuages or Tofts over and above the Num- fuascsand 20 fcer of two, and for every twenty Acres of Land which he or she shall be pr defied of, over and above which he such twenty Acres as aforesaid, over and above the Commissioners herein-before appointed for putting this porous.

Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, into Execution; every such Deputy to be the every Deputy to real Owner of one commonable Messuage or Toft, having Right of Common in Chatteris Common*afore- be Owner of the said; and which Deputies, so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners, to all In- Menage, &c. tents and Purposes, for carrying this Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Drainage of the said fifth District: The Names of the Deputies for the aforesaid first, second, third, fourth, and fifth piftr«a«tobe Districts to be inrolled with the Clerks for the said Districts respectively, one Month at Icaft before they inrolled one shall be impowered to act in the Execution of this Act, except such Deputy as shall be appointed previous Monti) before to the first Meeting after the passing this Act; which Deputies, so to be appointed as aforesaid, may act at * such first Meeting, on producing their Appointment.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby nominated Time and Place or appointed for embanking the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, or their Successors, or any of Meeting* of five or more of them, shall meet once in every Year, in Manner following; to wit, for the Upper District Commiflwaci* alternately at Ratrfey, Warbcys^ and Chatteris aforesaid; and for the Lower District alternately at Chatteris and Somersham aforesaid: The first Meeting of the said Commissioners for the said Upper District to be held at the George Inn in Ramsey aforesaid, on the third Thursday next after the pading of this Act; and for the said Lower District at Chatteris aforesaid, on the fourth Thursday after the pading of this Act: And that every other yearly Meeting shall be held for the said Upper District on the first Tuesday after the fifth Day of April in every Year and for the said Lower District on the first Thursday after the fifth Day of April in every Year: And the said Commissioners may from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and meet Power of A<W again pursuant to such Adjournments, as often as they shall think proper; and then and there from Time jcumment,&c# to Time, shall assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and Angular the Lands and Grounds situate and being Commission«» within the said Upper and Lower Districts, and subject or liable to be taxed or rated thereto by virtue of Up* Ind Low* this Act, by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money at the Discretion erDiftria*, of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them that shall be present at any such yearly General Meetings, as aforesaid; so that such Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money, do not exceed in any one Year the not to «xceed ».» Sum of one Shilling for every Acre of Land or Ground within the said Upper District, and subject and per Acre m Up-liable to be taxed or rated thereto by virtue of this Act, and so in Proportion for every greater or kfs PerL)litrl"* Quantity; and for every Acre of Land or Ground in the said Lower District!, and subject or liable to be nor31. perAere taxed or rated thereto, any Sum not exceeding three Shillings in any one Year and so in Proportion for inLowtiDiaria. any greater or less Quantity than an Acre; and so that no Part of the said Lands and Grounds in the said respective Districts be at any Time charged, by virtue of this Act, with any greater or less Rate or Tax than the rest of the said Lands within such respective District are or shall be charged with: Which T»rotobey*M Lid Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money* to be taxed and assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid by the respect it Place* Cow tive Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Low Lands and Fen Grounds, at the Place shall

of Abode of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be a?pQUir> present at any such General Meeting, shall order, direct, or appoint to collect and receive the same: The nrft Payment thereof for the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively to be made within two Months next after the passing of this Act, and evciy other yearly Payment to be made by two equal Half-yearly Payments 5 that is to say, for the said Upper District, on the first Tuesday in May and the last Tuesday in September; and for the said Lower District, on the first Thursday in May and the last Thursday in September in each and every Year and which said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, so to be taxed and assessed as aforesaid in each respective District, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for the said respective Districts, for and towards the repairing, amending, supporting, and keeping in good and sufficient Repair, the said several outward or boundary banks, lying or being within such Upper and Lower Districts respectively (except only such Parts thereof as are herein-afeer directed to be done at the joint Expence of the Proprietors of Lands within the said Lower District, and the said Farm called The Three*

Hundred Acre Farm), and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ch.rgtvof ehJ» the Commissioners of the said Upper and Lower Districts for embanking respectively* or any five or more a6\ how to te of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, in the first Year after the passing of paid, this Act, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and Angular the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, and subject! or liable to be rated or taxed by virtue of this Act, by and with an equal Rate, Tax, or Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence for Acre (over and above all other Taxes herein-before or herein after directed to be raised, levied, or assessed, upon or within the said Upper and Lower District!s respectively), for every Acre of Land or Ground being within the said resptd!ive District!s, or subject! 01 liable to be taxed or rated thereto by virtue of this Act* and so in Proportion far every

greater

4©o

'Power to lay 6d an Acre more for Payment of the Charset of the A£V, If ne« i cefTary,

Time and Place of Meetingi of ‘€ommissioner« far draining*

rCommissioner« 'impowerrd toaf-less the D.ftrid* in certain Sums above the Surra dirtfted to be levied on the Up-, per and Lower cPiAridla.

*C. 6$. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

f.rcater or less Quantity 5 and which said Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money so to be raised, levied and af-cfled, as aforesaid, in the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for and towards the defraying their respective equal Shares and Proportions of the Expences of obtaining this Act, (that is to say) by an equal Acre-shot Expence, to be paid according and in Proportion to the Number of Acres contained in each respective District; and in case there shall be any Overplus then remaining, the same shall be applied and disposed of by the Commissioners for each refeedive District, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as the Taxes or Assessments, directed to be raised upon or within the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, shall be applied and disposed of, and to and for none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said |Rate. Tax, or Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence prr Acre. by this Act applicable towards the Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Af - mall not be sufficient for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the said Upper and Lower Districts for embanking, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge all the said Lands and Grounds with a further equal Rate, Tax, or Sum, not exceeding Sixpence per Acre, for every Acre of tKe said Lands or Grounds to be applied and disposed of as the said Rate, Tax, or Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence per Acre is before directed to be applied.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby nominated and appointed for the Drainage of the said five Districts or Divisions respectively, or their Successors, or any five or more of them, shall meet once in every Year, in Manner following; to wit. For the first District alternately at Ramsey and Warboys aforesaid; for the second Distridat Chatteris aforesaid; for the third District at Warboys \ for the fourth District at Somersham aforesaid 5 and for the fifth District at Chatteris aforesaid: The first Meeting of the said Commissioners for the said first District to be held at Jlamfey aforesaid, on the Saturday after the third Thursday after the passing of this Act; and for the second District at Chatteris aforesaid, on the Monday after the third Thursday after the passing of this Act; and for the third District at Warboys aforesaid, on the Tuesday after the third Thursday after the passing of this Act; and for the fourth District at Somersham aforesaid. On the Wednesday after the third Thursday after the passing of this Act; and for the fifth District at Chatteris aforesaid, on the Friday after the fourth Thursday after the passing of this Act: And every yearly Meeting for the said first District shall be held on the -twenty* first Day of March, and for the said second District on the twenty-second Day of March% and for the said third District on the twenty-third Day of March, and for the said fourth District on the twenty-fourth Day of March, and for the said fifth District on the twenty-fifth Day of March, in each Year, except any of the said Days shall happen on a Sunday, in which Case, the said yearly Meetings shall be held on the Days following successively, in each and every Year, or at such other Time or Times as the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the said first District, or any five or more of them, in any of the other said four Districts, shall fee Cause or think convenient, pursuant to Notice in 'Writing for that Purpose, signed by any two or more of the Commissioners for each respective District, and to be affixed upon the Outfideof the Church or Chapel Doors of such respective Parishes wherein the said respective Districts shall lie, ten Days at least before any such Meeting (except those appointed to be Eeld for the said General yearly Meetings); and may, from Time to Time, adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournments, or by Notice given, as often as they shall think proper.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the said several Rates and Taxes, herein-before authorised and directed to be levied and raised in the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, for the general embanking of the same respectively, and such other general Works as are herein-before directed, and for defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said first District, or any three or more of them, and also for the Commissioners of the second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts respectively, or any five or more of them, who shall be present at such respective first Meeting after the passing of this Act, or any other yearly General Meeting as aforesaid for each respective District, then and there, from Time to Time, to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge, all and Angular the Lands and Grounds lying within the said first, second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts or Divisions respectively, and subject or liable to be taxed or rated by virtue of this Act, by and with a proportionable yearly Rate, l ax, or Sum of Money, at the Discretion of the several and respective Commissioners for the Time being of and for the said first, second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts or Divisions respectively, or the major Part of them who shall be present at any such first Meeting, or such yearly General Meeting as aforesaid, so that such Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money, do not exceed, in any one Year, for every Acre of Land or Ground in the said first District or Division (except in the first Year after the passing this Act), the Sum of two Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and for every Acre of Land or Ground in the said second District or Division in any one Year (except in the first Year after the passing of this Act), the Sum of three Shillings, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity than an Acre; and for every Acre of Land or Ground in the said third District or Division the Sum of three Shillings, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity than an Acre; and for every Acre of Land or Ground in the said fourth District or Division in any one Year, the Sum of three Shillings, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity than an Acre; and for every Acre of Land or Ground in the said fifth District or Division in any one Year, the Sum of three Shillings, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity than an Acre: Which said several yearly Rates or Taxes, so to be severally and respectively taxed and ailefled by the several and respective Commissioners of such several Districts or Divisions respectively, as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds comprised in the said Districts or Divisions respectively, and hereby made subject or liable to be rated or taxed thereto, to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places, and in such Manner and Proportion, as the respective

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 401

Commissioners for the Time being of the said respective Districts, or the major Part of them that shall be present at any such Meeting as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, severally order, direct, and appoint the same; and shall, together with such Sums of Money as are hprein-after directed to be borrowed by the Commissioners of any of the said respective Districts on the Credit of any of the said Rates or Taxes, be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners of the said several Districts or Divisions, in and about the particular Works, Banks, Drains, Mills, Engines, Headings, Dams, and other Matters and Things jieceflary for draining each of the said several Districts or Divisions respectively, and not by this Act directed to be done by the Commissioners of the said Upper and Lower Districts for embanking, and to or for none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever: Provided that the Rates and Taxes of each of the said Districts, and the Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit of any of them, be applied by the said - refoedive Commissioners for each District separately, and not jointly.

XIX, And whereas, through the Inefficiency of the Rates and Taxes directed to be raised under or 1 by virtue of the said recited Act of Parliament, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for effectually draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds, therein called, known, or distinguished by the Name of The First District, several Debts have been incurred,

and several large Sums of Money are now due and owing to divers Persons, over and above the Sums of Money in or by the said Act of Parliament authorised and directed to be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Rates and Taxes, and which said Debts, so incurred as aforesaid, cannot be paid off and dif-

1 charged without the further Aid and Assistance of Parliament be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Persons who ad, or shall hereafter ad, as Commissioners for the fai<J District, under or by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or the major Part of them who shall bd assembled at a Meeting for that Purpose (of which Meeting such Notice shall be given as is directed by the said Act to be given of other Meetings for the like Purposes), and they are hereby authorised and impowered, in the first Year after the passing of this present Act, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds situate and being within the said District, and subject or liable to be taxed or rated thereto under or by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, by and with an equal and proportionable Acre-rate, Tax, or Sum of two Shillings per Acre, and in the second Year one Shilling per Acre, and in the third Year one Shilling per Acre (over and above all other Taxes directed to be raised, levied, or assessed. upon or within the said District), for every Acre of Land or Ground lying within the said District, and subject or liable to be taxed or rated thereto by virtue of the said Act, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity; and which said Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, so to be taxed and assessed as aforesaid in the said DI-; ftrid, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for and towards thexompleting and improving the Mill at Ash Drain, and also for erecting another Mill at the said Ash Drain, if necessary, and also the.cleaning, widening, and deepening the said Ash, Bury, irx&Wiftovj Fen Drains, so as effectually to drain the Lands in Bury and Wtftow which are taxable by the said Act, and also for repairing the other four Mills within the said District, so as effectually to drain all the Lands comprised therein, and then for and towards the Payment of all such Debts and Sums of Money as (half be then due or owing by them (except such Debts or Sums of Money as shall be due or owing upon or by virtue of any Mortgage or Security of the Taxes and Assessments of the said District) to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for, or by reason or means, or on account of any Materials found, or Work done, in or for the said District, or any ether Matter or Thing relating thereto; and which said Rates or Taxes of two Shillings^ one Shilling, and one Shilling per Acre, shall be raised, levied and paid, in the same Manner as such other Rates and Taxes are, under or by virtue of the said Act, directed to be raised, levied, and paid, and shall be subject tq the same Penalties and Powers for recovering the same, in case of Non-payment, or any Default of Payment thereof.

XX. And for the more effectual draining and preserving of the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the Limits of the (irft and second Districts, intended to be drained by virtue of this Act,^ it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said first District, or any three or more of them, and also for the Commissioners of the said second District, or any five or more of them, who shall be present at the first Meeting after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, in the first Year after the passing of this Act, and for such first Year only, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers (being private Property), of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds lying within the said first and second Districts respectively, and subject or liable to be' taxed or rated by virtue of this Act, by and with an equal proportionable Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money, in each respective District (that is to say), the Sum of ten Shillings per Acre for every Acre of Land or Ground lying within the said nrjft District, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and for every Acre of Xand or Ground lying within the said second District, the Sum of twenty Shillings per Acre, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity; and which said Rates, Taxes, and Audlments, so to be raised, levied, and assessed, in the said first and fecorid Districts respectively, in the said first Year as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the passing of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for the said respective Districts in and aboilt the particular Banks, Drains, Mills, Engines, Headings, Dams, and other Works and Things necessary for draining each of the said two Districts respectively, and not by this Act directed to be done by the Commissioners of the said Upper and Lower Districts for embanking; and also in the said second District, for and towards the Payment and Discharge of all such Debts or Supis of Money, as have beep at any Time heretofore incurred, or are now due or owing by or from the said second District respectively.

Commissionerf of Ramsey first District impowered to lay further Rate*, for repairing of Mill*, and for Payment of Debts.

Commissionrrt of first District impowered to lay a Tax of 10 s. per Acre, and Commissioner* of second Distridfc a Tax of 201. per Acre, in the first Year.

402

TenaAti for Life, Girard Lana, Trustees, &c* nray charge their Lands for paying the Taxes j

and may mortgage or lease such Lands as a Security, &c.

Commissiontrt empowered to borrow Money *p4n the Credit af iht JUtes.

The Semi to be for? owed ixreaeh

A flfrg n mentr to be numbered, but none to be made for any less Seta than 50l. in each Diltrtei, Securities may be aihgard.

It*Vs cha^cable

with ;he Payment of the Principal Money and lotcrctt.

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of any Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, or for any Number of Years determinable upon Life or Lives, or other Contingencies, orfor Trustees of any Charities, or any other Purpose whatsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to charge such of their said Lands and Grounds, which are subject and liable to be taxed by this Act with the Sum of twenty Shillings per Acre for the first Year after the passing of this Act, with any Sum not exceeding the said Sum of twenty Shillings per Acre; and for securing the Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same, to surrender, grant, mortgage, lease, or demise the Lands and Grounds so to be charged, unto such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the same respectively, so as every such Surrender, Grant, or Demise, be made with a Provrfo or Condition to cease and be^void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered or assigned, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and so as every such Surrender, Grant, or Demise, so to be made by any Tenant in Fee, for Life or Lives, or in Tail, or for Years determinable upon Contingencies, contains a Proviso, that the Persons intitled in Remainder or Reversion shall not, nor shall any Person be liable, on his, her, or their becoming seised or possessed of any such Lands or Grounds, to pay any further or larger Arrears of Interest than for one Half Year ceding the Time when the Title of such Possession shall accrue and commence; and tint every such burr fender, Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, an4 effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of a legal Title, or any; Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other Incumbrances, of, upon, affecting, or concerning the same Grounds, Lands, and Premisesv or any Part or Parts thereof then in being, or capable of taking T£ffe£l, to the contrary.

XXII. And, for the more easy and effectual carrying the Works in the said five Districts into Exr- cution, and for draining and preserving the same,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said five Districts respectively, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to borrow, take up, or receive, any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the said Taxes, Rates, or Assessments within the same, and, byW riting, without Sumps, under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage, charge, assign, and convey or incumber the said Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, so to be rated, assessed, and levied, upon or within the said five Diflrids respectively, with and for the Payment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisos and Conditions for Redemption, as shall be agreed upon; and that such Moneys shall be separately and distinctly borrowed by the Commissioners for each respective District, for the Use and Purpose of carrying on, supporting, and maintaining the Works of the said five Districts respectively, and effectually draining and preserving the same respectively, and to or for none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than the respective Sums following shall be borrowed or owing at any one Time upon the Credit or Security of the Taxes or Assessments in the said respective Districts; (that is to say) In the first District, two thousand Pounds; in the second District, one thousand five hundred Pounds; in the third District, two thousand Pounds; in the fourth District, four thousand Pounds; and in the fifth District, two thousand Pounds: And that the Taxes or Assessments in each respective District (except such Taxes or Assessments as herein- before directed be raised and levied in the said first and second Districts in the first Year after the passing of th is Act) shall not, during the Time any Principal or Interest Monies shall be due on the Securities thereof, be less than the respective full Sums herein-before authorised and impowered to be yearly rated, charged, and assessed, in or upon such Districts respectively.

XXIV". And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages or Assignmenta of the said Rates or Taxes, to be made by the said Commissioners in each respective District as aforesaid, shall be numbered, beginning with Number L and so proceeding in numerical Order; and that no Assignment of the Rates or Taxes in each of the said Districts shall be made for any lesser Sum than fifty Pounds in each respective District.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Mortgages and Securities mail and may be af-signable and transferrable by Indorsement on the original Grant or Security, or otherwise, without Stamp, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Assignment shall be made shall, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerks or Treasurer to the Commissioners for each respective District, be well and sufficiently intitled to such Mortgage Monies and Interest, and all the Monies then due, or thereafter to grow duo thereon which Entries are hereby required to be made on Request, and producing such Assignment, and paying one Shilling to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for every such Entry 5 and such Assignee or Assignees, and every other Assignee or Assignees, shall and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement, or otherwise, assign and make over such Mortgage or Mortgages and Securities, so assigned as aforesaid, and so totiet quoties, as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment or Transfer being entered into such Book as aforesaid-

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Rates or Taxes to be raised by virtue of this Act on the said Lands and Grounds in the said five Districtjs respectively. (except what shall be raised in the first and second District in the first Year after the passing of this Act, and also such Lands as may be in-ciofed by virtue of this Act, on Default of Payment of any of the said Rates or Taxes, and also except the Rate or Tax that shall he raised within the Lower District for embanking, and within the Three Handled Acre Farm within the first Year after the passing of this Act for the Purpose of embanking), shall be chargeable with the Payment of the Principal Monies so to be borrowed by the said Commissioners as

aforesaid,.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 403

aforesaid, and with the Interest of such Monies, from Time to Time, and shall vest in the Creditors, up-" on Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the same, and every Part thereof,* shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges of receiving and recovering the said Rates or Taxes, or the Rents and Profits of the said inclosed Lands, for or in respect of such Principal Monies and Interest, in case of Default in Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners respectively, and their respective Collectors and Receivers, could have had, in case such Principal Monies and Interest bad been regularly and fully paid and farisfied.

XXVII. Provided always, That no Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest upon the said Rates or Taxes, charged upon the Lands and Grounds in the said five Districts respectively by virtue of this Act with the Payment thereof, by the said Commissioners, at any such Meeting as aforesaid, unless three Commissioners at least, acting in their own Right, or their Agents to be appointed for that Purpose, and not as Deputies for the said first District, and five such Commissioners for the said second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts respectively, shall be then and there present, and consenting and agreeing thereto.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the Mortgage or Security of the Taxes, arising or to be raised and levied under or by virtue of the aforesaid Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-second and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, heretofore made or given to John Gardner Esquire, for securing the Payment of one hundred and fifty Pounds, and Interest, the said Commissioners for the said second District, under or by virtue of this Act, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required immediately after the passing of this Act, by Writing, without Stamps, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any five or more of them, to mortgage, charge, assign, convey, and in* cumber the said Taxes or Rates of three Shillings per Acre, so as aforesaid to be raised upon or within the said second District, under or by virtue of this Act, for and with the Repayment of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds, and all Interest then due, ofrthereafter to grow or become due thereon; and which said Taxes, Rates, and Assessments shall be, and are hereby declared to be, a Security for, and charged and chargeable with the due Payment of the said one hundred and fifty Pounds, and Interest, as aforesaid, until such Assignment or Transfer shall be made; and which said Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds shall be considered and taken as Part of the aforesaid Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, herein-before authorised and directed to be borrowed on the Security of the said Rates and Taxes; and the said John Gardner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for or in respect thereof, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to demand and recover the same, and shall, by virtue of this Act, be Inritled to the Payment thereof, prior to any Sum or Sums of Money which may at any Time hereafter be due or owing to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon or by virtue of any Mortgages or Security of the said Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, in the said second District; and that from and after the passing of this Act, the said Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, shall not be liable to or be chargeable with any other Sums then due to any other Person by virtue of the said recited Acts, except U) and with the said Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds due to the said John Gardner.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the several Mortgages or Securities of the Taxes arising or to be raised and levied within the said fifth District, under or by virtue of the aforesaid Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, heretofore made or given to John Waddington Esquire, for securing the Payment of two hundred Pounds and Interest, and to John Gardner Esquire, for securing the Payment of one hundred Pounds and Interest, the said Commissioners for the said fifth District, under or by virtue of this Act, or any five or cnore of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, immediately after the passing of this Act, by Writing?, without Stamps, under their Hands and Seals, and respectively signed and sealed by any five or more of them, to mortgage, charge, assign, convey, and incumber the said Tax or Rate of three Shillings per Acre, To as aforesaid to be raised upon or within the said fifth District, under or by virtue of this Act, for and with the Repayment of the said two several Sums of two hundred Pounds and one hundred Pounds, and all Interest then due, or thereafter to grow or become due thereon; and which said Taxes, Rates, and Assessments shall he, and are hereby declared to be, a Security or Securities for, and charged and chargeable with the due Payment of the said two Sums of two hundred Pounds and one hundred Pounds, and Interest, until such respective Alignments or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid; and which said two Sums of two hundred Pounds and one hundred Pounds shall be considered and taken as Part of the aforesaid Sum of two thousand Pounds herein-before authorised and directed to be borrowed on the Security of the said Rates and Taxes; and the said John Gardner and John Waddington respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for or in respect thereof, are hereby authorised and impowered to demand and recover the same, and shall, by virtue of this Act, be respectively intitled to the Payment thereof, prior to any other Sum or Sums of Money which may at any Time hereafter be due or owing to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon or by virtue of any Mortgages or Security of the said Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, within the said fifth District.

XXX. And whereas the Commissioners acting by and in pursuance of the said two recited Acts,

made in the twenty-second and the thirty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Second, have

borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Rates and Taxes by the said Acts granted, which still remain due and unpaid, and have also contracted several Debts in the Execution of the Powers to them by the said Acts granted: And whereas the Lands and Grounds herein-before described, being Part of the Lands comprised within the said Acts, will, by virtue of this Act, be taken from the Con- croul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under the said Acts: And whereas it is but reasonable that

On Default of Piwinrnt, Races shall vest io the Creditors till patJr

Nn Money to be

borrowed at any Mstring, unless thr f oper N timber of Commissionert for each District shall be present.

Debts due to Jo in Gardner Esquire, to have Priority of Payment.

Money due to John WadJing-ton and John Cardny, Esqrs, to be paid fiiftout of Rates within the fifth District*

Part of the Debts under Sutton and Me pal Acts, chargeable upon the Lands take* from the Gon-troul of the Corn-mi ftione is under the said Alls,

404

Commissionert may indofe Part of Warboyt Common*.

How the Money arising from letting such Inclosure* it to be applied,

Jf the Money arising from let-ring of the Inclosure* is inefficient to pay the Rates, the un-inclosed Parts liable to the Remainder.

If Tenants refuse to pay their Rents at the Times mentioned in their Leases, Commissioners may recover by Diiircfs, IfCommissioner* of third District neglect to inclose the Commons, for 3 Months, their Powers,&c. to be vested in the Commission-«rs of the Upper District.

Proviso,

C. 65. " Anno decimo quinto Georgii III.' A.D. 1775.

the Lands and Grounds, so taken from the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under the said Acts, and now vested in the Commissioners under this Act, should bear their equal Part and Proportion of the Sums borrowed, and the Debts incurred under the said two Acts be it further enacted, That all tbd said Lands and Grounds, so taken out of the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under the said two Acts (other than and except certain Lands and Grounds taken out of the said two Acts for the Debts of which to John Gardner Esquire Provision has been herein before made), shall, in the first -place, be liable and subject to the Sums of Money borrowed, and Debts incurred, by virtue of and under the said Acts, in Proportion following; that is to say, That such Part or Proportion of the said Sums of Money borrowed, and Debts incurred, under the said two Acts, shall be chargeable and charged upon the Lands and Grounds so taken from the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under the said two Acts? and now vested in the Commissioners under this Act (except as before excepted), as such Lands and Grounds so taken from the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under the said two Acts shall bear Proportion, by equal Acre-(hot, to the Lands and Grounds still remaining under the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under the said two recited Acts: And that from the Time that the said Lands and Grounds shall become subject to the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under this Act, the same shall, in the first place, be liable to, and chargeable with such Proportion of the Money. borrowed, and Debts incurred, as before mentioned, and the Person or Persons from whom such Money shall have been so borrowed shall have the same Priority of Payment; and such Transfer or Alignment made to him or them of the Proportion to the Money so borrowed from him or them, and to be charged on such Lands and Grounds taken out of the Controul and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners under the said two Acts, as is herein before mentioned with regard to a Debt due to John Gardner Esquire,

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said third District for draining, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to inclose, or cause to be inclosed, such Quantity or Number of Acres, Part of the Common called High Fen9 not exceeding in the Whole* at any Time? three hundred Acres, as will, in the Judgment of them the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, produce, by letting, a Sum sufficient to pay the proportional Part or Share of the Charges and Expences of passing and executing this Act; which shall be charged upon such Part of the said Commons called High Fen9 which contains one thousand one hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and of the Common called Broad Pool, which contains three hundred and fifty Acres, or thereabouts, and of the Common called Turf Feny which contains three hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and such a Quantity or Number of Acres out of any of the said Commons called New Pasture9 containing one hundred and fifty Acres, or thereabouts, and of the Common called The Cow Common, containing five hundred Acres, or thereabouts* and of the Common called The Stray Pasture9 which contains eighty Acres, or thereabouts, not exceeding in the Whole sixty Acres, as will, in the Judgment of them the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, produce, by letting, a Sum sufficient to pay the proportional Part or Share of the Charges and Expences of passing and executing this Act, which shall be charged upon the said Commons respectively called by the Names of New Pasture9 Cow Common, and Stray Pasture; and the said Commissioners, or finy five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, so long as it shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to grant a Lease or Leases of the Lands to be inclosed unto any Person or Persons, at and for the best Rent that can be got for the same, under the usual Covenants, and for any Term hot exceeding twenty-one Years at any one Time; and that the Money arising from letting such respective Inclosures shall, from Time to Time, be applied by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in the first place, in paying and discharging the Rates and Taxes which shall be by this Act laid or charged upon the said Commons respectively, and then in defraying the Expence of inclosing the same, and likewise the proportional Share of the said respective Commons of all other Charges and Expences which they are by this Act made liable to; but in case it shall at any Time happen, that the Money to arise by letting the said respective Inclosures shall not be sufficient to pay the Rates and Taxes laid thereupon respectively, then the uninclosed Parts of the said respective Commons shall be liable to pay the Remainder of such respective Rates or Taxes, in the same Manner as would have been in case such Inclosures and Lettings respectively had not been made or had: And in case any Tenant or Tenants of any Part or Parts of such Inclosures shall at any Time neglect or refuse to pay their several and respective Rents, reserved in and by their Lease or Leases, at the respective Times mentioned therein for Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered to recover such Rent and Arrears thereof by Distress and Sale, in such and the same Manner as other Landlords are by Law impowered to do; and in case any such Tenant or Tenants, at the Ex- 1 piration of their respective Lease or Leases, shall refuse to give up Possession of their Land to the said Commissioners, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to take, use, and pursue, the same Methods for recovering such Possession, by Ejectment or otherwise, as any other Landlord is intitled to by the Laws of this Realm.

XXXII. Provided always, That in case the said Commissioners for draining the said third District shall neglect or refuse, for the Space of three Months after the passing of this Act, to inclose and let the said several Proportions of the said Commons, or any of them, and to apply the Money arising therefrom »n Manner and for the Purposes above mentioned, that then the several Powers, Authorities, and Directions, by this Act vested in the said last mentioned Commissioners with respect to such of the said Inclosures so neglected to be inclosed and let, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, vested in and given to the Commissioners of the said upper District for embanking, or any nine or more of them.

XXXIII. Provided always, That the Lands and Grounds so to be inclosed from the said Commons shall be at as great a Distance from the Town of Warboys as conveniently may be.

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 40

XXXIV. Provided also, That the Lands and Grounds so to be inclosed shall not, doling such triclofur6, Ground* so In-

be subject to the Payment of any Tithes, Taxes, Parochial or other Rates. nof*°Pay

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Taxes to be charged by virtue of this Act, for 11 e9> c* the Purpose of embanking only upon a certain Meadow or Common within the said Lower District called iodTcomonto Crollode Meadow or Common, shall be borne and defrayed, one Moiety thereof by the Land Owners intitled whom to be 7 at certain limes of the Year to the said Meadow or Common in Severalty, and the other Moiety thereof borne.

by the Persons intitled to Right of Common upon the same at other certain Times of the Year. v*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Moiety of the said Rates or Taxes, so to be paid P*rtof Somer-by the said Land Owners intitled at certain Times of the Year to the said Meadow or Common in Severalty,

shall be paid and payable by them in the same Manner, and under the same Powers, as the Rates or Taxes to "c 0 chargeable upon any other Owners of private Property are paid and payable; and that for defraying the other Moiety of the said Rates or Taxes, so to bepaid by the Persons intitled to Right of Common upon the said Meadow or Common at other certain Times of the Year, the Commissioners for the Lower District for embanking, or any five or more of them, shall and may inclose such Part of the Common called Sormr/bam Common otherwise Somersham Banks, between Somersham Turnpike and Copen*s Corner, as shall be sufficient for defraying the Moiety of the said Rates or Taxes, and shall and may let the same, in the same Manner, and under the same Powers, as any other Commons may be inclosed or leased by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Lower District for embank- How the Taws ing, and of the said fifth District for draining, or any five or more of them respectively, shall and may, laid on Chatteri* and they are hereby authorised and required to settle and ascertain what Quantity of Land in the Common, Common may bt called Chatteris Common, charged with any Rate or Tax by virtue of this Act, may be supposed to belong recovcre

to each and every Owner of Messuages, Tofts, Toftsteads, or Cottages, having Right of Common upon the said Common, and shall charge the Owner or Owners of such Messuages, Tofts, Toftsteads, or Cottages, with an equal Part of the Rates or Taxes by this Act charged on the said Common, in proportion to the Number of Messuages, Tofts, Toftsteads, or Cottages, belonging to such Owner or Owners; and in case such Owner or Owners shall refuse or neglect to pay his or their Proportion of the said Rates or

Taxes, so charged upon him or them on account of his or their Right of Common on the said Common focharged with any Rate or Tax by this Act, then, and in that Case, the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may levy the said Rates or Taxes, so charged on such Owner or Owners, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Messuages, Tofts, Toftsteads, or Cottages, in such and the same Manner as the said Commissioners are impowered to levy any Rates or Taxes by this Act charged on Lands and Grounds being Several Property.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons rated, ‘Collector* m«r taxed, or assessed, as aforesaid, with the Payment of any Rates, Taxes, or Assessments aforesaid, shall at strain for Pay-any Time refuse or neglect to pay the Rate, Tax, or Assessment, charged upon him, her, or them re- ment0* Taxo, spectively, for or on account of their several Lands and Grounds lying or being in any of the said Districts

or Divisions herein before mentioned, or by virtue of this Act subject to the Payments of such Rates,

Taxes, or Assessments, upon such Days, and at such Times, as herein before appointed, or at such other Cays and Times as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, within their respective Districts or Divisions, for such Payment, publick Notice of such Days of Payment being first affixed twenty-one Days before such Days of Payment upon the several Church or Chapel Doors of the several Parishes wherein such Districts mall respectively lie or be; which Notice so to be given and affixed upon such Church or Chapel Doors as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken as publick Notice as if Comand had been actually made by the said Receiver or Collector of the Person or Persons by whom such Rate or Tax is to be paid as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Receiver of such.

Rate or Tax to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the Commissioners by this Act respectively appointed for such District or Division where such Neglect or Refusal shall happen as aforesaid, which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any three or more of them respectively, are hereby required and impowered from Time to Time to make, as Occasion shall require, to enter into and upon the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Several Lands, within the said several Districts or Divisions so reflectively rated, taxed, and a lie (fid, as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall so make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages, Tenements, or Buildings, thereupon (landing, or belonging thereunto, with their and every of their Appurtenances, and to levy the several Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them, payable for such Rates or Taxes, and the Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found on the Premises so charged with any such Rate or Tax, or the Arrears thereof, as aforesaid: And in case no sufficient Distress can be found on the Premises if sufficient Diin the Upper and Lower Districts for embanking, or in the second, fourth, and fifth Districts for draining, stress cannot b« it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, or other Person or fc ,nd on lhe Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy the said Taxes, and all Arrears for the ^of1 Person* fame, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as making Default aforesaid, which shall be found in any other Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Goods may be distrain-and Chattels so distrained to impound on the Premises, or to take, lead, drive, carry away, impound, and ed in any other keep, in any other Place, for the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners Plaec» thereof, leaving at such Messuages, Tenements, Grounds, and Premises, Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress, and the Place where such Goods and Chattels shall be so impounded: And if the Owner W(J 'lf the Or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated, taxed, n7.ra?d be ?ot or assessed, and the Arrears thereof, as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Day*rthcGoodl

Distress, miy be fold*

I

4-0 6

Teoxnti to paj Taxes, and deduct the same out of their Rent.

Persons refilling to pay the Rates lor one Month after due, to forfeit Two-pence in the Shilling for what is in Arrear.

Commissioners impowered to collect Arrears of Taxes under former Acts of Parliament,

I

Commissioners n av tak<* Farth to support he Baiiics, &c.

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Distress, or shall not replevy the said Goods and Chattels so distrained, with sufficient Security to be given to the Sheriff of the County where such Distress shall be taken, or Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely (if within the said Isle), according to the Laws now in being for Distress in case of Non-payment of Rent, within five Days next after such Distress made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the Person or Persons fb distraining may, with the Sheriff or UnderSheriff of the County, Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely, Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is and are hereby required to assist therein), cause the Goods and Chattels so distrained to be appraised by two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Chief Bailiff, Constable, or Headborough (who is and are hereby impowered to administer such Oath), to appraise the same, according to the best of their Judgment 5 and, after such Appraisement, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons so making such Distress, to fell the Goods and Chattels so distrained for the best Price that can begot for the same, for and towards Satisfaction for the Monies for which such Distress shall be so taken, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraising, and felling, the Goods and Chattels so distrained, leaving the Overplus (if any be) in the Hands of such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Chief Bailiff, Constable, or Headborough, for the Use of the Owner or Owners thereof: And the Tenant and Tenants of all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds* which shall be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay such Taxes or Assessments, and deduct the same out of his, her, or their Rent; and every Tenant paying such Tax or Assefl-ment shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as such Assessment shall amount to, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons intitled to the Rent of such Fen Lands and Lowr Grounds (except where there is a Lease for three or more Years to come from the Commencement of this Act); in which Case, the Proportion of the Tax or Assessment which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in consideration of the Benefit he or she receives by such Lease, shall be adjudged and awarded by the Lid Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the said first District, or by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, of the said four other Districts, at a Meeting to be held for such respective Districts by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, to be appointed in pursuance of this AO, the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall be respectively charged with, for the Space of one Calendar Month after a personal Demand made, or Notice in Writing left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons by such Collector or Collectors, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two-pence for every Shilling which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid; to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as the aforesaid Rates and Taxes are herein directed to be levied; and the Monies so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards the Works of such District where the same shall be forfeited.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall, at the Time when any of the Lands and Grounds comprised in the said recited Acts shall by virtue of this Act become vested in the Commissioners under this Act, be any Arrears of Rates or Taxes due from any Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any of the Lands or Grounds lying or comprised in any of the aforesaid five Districts or Divisions, on account of any Rate, Tax, or Assessment, at any Time heretofore made or laid upon any of the said Lands or Grounds under or by virtue of any former Act of Parliament, such Person or Persons shall, and they are hereby, required to pav the same to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times* Place or Places, and in such Manner and Proportion, as the Commissioners acting by virtue of and under any of the said recited Acts for such respective District in which such Arrears shall be due, or the major Part of them, assembled at a Meeting for that Purpose, shall severally order, direct, and appoint; and the said Commissioners acting by virtue of and under the said recited Acts are hereby respectively required to collect the said Arrears accordingly; and in case of Non-payment, or any Default of Payment of the same, at such Times, at such Places, and to such Person or Persons, as aforesaid, publick Notice of such Day or Days of Payment, twenty-one Days before such Day or Days of Payment being first affixed upon the several Church and Chapel Doors of the respective Parishes wherein such Land and Grounds, so in Arrears as aforesaid, shall respectively lie, and which Notice shall be deemed and taken to be as publick a Notice as if Demand thereof had been actually made by the said Receiver or Collector of the Person or Persons from whom such Arrears shall be so due and owing as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept, under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the said Commissioners for such respective Districts wherein or whereon such Arrears shall be due as aforesaid (which Warrant or Precept such respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them respectively, are hereby impowered and required to make and sign), to enter into and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so rated, taxed, and assessed, as aforesaid, in PossetfTon of such Person or Persons as shall so make Default in Payment, as aforesaid, and all Messuages, Tenements, or Buildings thereupon standing, or belonging thereto, with their and every of their Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money, by or from him or them due or payable for such Arrears of the said Rates or Taxes, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels then and there found, in such and the same Manner, and with the like Penalties for Non-payment thereof, as the Commissioners for the several Districts or Divisions under this present Act are herein before authorised and impowered to dillrain for and recover the several Rates, Taxes, and Assess'mems, within their several and respective Difrticls and Divisions.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Commissioners appointed by this Act for the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, or the major Part of them who shall he present :it their respective Meetings, from Time to Time to cut and take, or cause to be cut and taken, Earth from the adjoining Lands within their respective Districts, and

to

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6j»

407

*0 heighten, strengthen, widen, make, maintain, and support, or cause to be heightened, widened, strengthened, made, maintained, and supported, all and singular the said outward Banks comprised in the said Upper and Lower Districts respectively, of such Width, Strength, and Dimensions, as they, or the major Part of them, shall think proper, for the preventing the Waters thereof from running over the same, or making any Breach therein, or to repair nd make up any Breach that may happen by reason or means of such Waters; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Commissioners of each of the said five Distri&s or Divisions for Drainage, or the major Part of them for the Time being who shall be present at their respective Meetings, from Time to Time to cleanse, widen, make, cut, build, erect,

f>urchafe, and support, alter, or remove, all such Banks, Bridges, Headings, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Outers, Mills, Engines, and other Mattels and Things already made, built, or erected, or hereafter to be made, built, or erected, by virtue of this Act, within their several and respective Distri&s or Divisions, for draining their respective Lands and Grounds, and the more easy conveying the Waters thereof to Sea, as the said Commissioners respectively, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings for the Time being, shall think necessary or proper; paying such reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who have a Right to the Soil through or upon which any such Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank, Bridge, Heading, Tunnel, or Outlet, shall be made, or whereupon any such Engines or Mills shall be ereCled or removed, for the Damages he, she, or they, shall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners respectively, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings for the Time being, and the Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid; and if the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings for the Time being, and such Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid, cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages,-then the same shall be adjudged and assessed by the Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Huntingdon, if such Dispute shall happen within the said County, or for the IJU ojEly, if such Dispute or Difference shall happen within the said Isle, not interested in the Premises, who are hereby authorised and impowered, and required, to examine into, hear, and determine the same; and the Determination which shall be so made by the said Justices, in their said Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Upper and Lower Distrifls of embanking respectively, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times as they shall see Occasion, in case of any Breach of Bank, or of any Deficiency in Description in any of the said intended Banks, to alter and remove any of the said intended Banks, and to make and maintain new Banks, in such Parts and Places, and as contiguous or near thereto as they can within the said respective Districts, as to them shall seem most convenient.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Lower District for embanking, together with such Persons who aa as Commissioners of the Upper District for embanking, in Right, or as Owners or Occupiers, or Agents for any Owners, of any Part of the said Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, and they are hereby authorised and required, to cut and make, or cause to be cut and made, and, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to maintain, support, and keep in good and sufficient Repair and Condition, a Drain, not less than forty Feet wide and five Feet deep, through the Acre Fen to the Hard Lands at Chatteris Slate End, and through the said Lands (except at thp two Bridges) to The Forty Foot River; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to erect and pdace, or cause to beere&ed and placed, two or more such Mills as shall be sufficient for throwing out and discharging the Waters from such Drains into the said Forty\ Foot River, and also to make, or cause to be made, a good and sufficient Bank on each Side of the said Drain called The Twenty Feet Drain, from the End of the said Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm to* The Forty Foot River, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to support and maintain such Banks and Mills, and cause the said Mills to be worked, and the said Banks to be supported and repaired, in such Manner, and as often as shall be necessary for discharging the Waters out of the said Drain, and< preventing the overflowing of the adjacent Lands, and draining and preserving the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the said* Lower Distrifi for embanking shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to cut and make, or cause to be cut and made, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to maintain, support, and keep in good and sufficient Repair and Condition, a Drain, not more than forty Feet wide, nor less than five Feet deep, from the End of the Drain called The Twelve Feet Drain to the Corner of The Three hundred Acre Farm, and along the said Farm to the Drain in the Acre Fen called The Twenty Feet Drain.

#XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, when they begin to cut the new Drains by this Act directed, shall and do begin at the End of the said Drain next to The Forty Foot River, and proceed from thence progressively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Lower Distiidl for embanking, together with such Persons who act as Commissioners for the said Upper District, in Right of or as Owners or Occupiers, or Agents for any Owners, of any Part of the said harm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, and they*are hereby authorised and iro-powered to eie& and make, or cause to be erected and made, a staunch Door or (launch Doors in the aforesaid Drain called Slade Load, at the Hard Lands in Chatteris, in order to prevent the Water from reverting- upwards, in case of any B each in the said outward Bank called The Forty Foot Rank, or the Water running over the lame in any Place between Carter's Bridge and Ho fcway, or the great Mills being disabled from going which shall be erected next the said River called The Forty Foot River or Drain, and they, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, in case of such Breach or running over as afdre-said j.or loch Mills being disabled from going as aforesaid^ to (but the said Door os Doors,.or order the * sanae

and may cleanse, widen, and maXC Cut*, Drains, See,

waking Satisfaction to the Own* ers of the Soil*

Dispute* to be ' settled by the

J/jfticat,

whole Determination shall b« final.

In case of any1 Breach, See, Banks may he -altered.

Commissionertr of the Lower Distri# for embanking, together with Com* mtflioner* for The Threc Hundred Acte Farm, to cut Drains, cre& Mill*, Jtc#

Commissionen of Lower District' to make particular Drain*.

New Orainr to be beg tin next to the Forty Foot River.

Commissioners of Upp r and Lower Distridlf to make staunch '* Doors in Slade Load Drain, at the Hard Laodt* in Chatteris.

40 8

Penalty on Per* font opening the said D#or* when /hut, without in Order signed by CwnmilSoners,

Commissioners impowered to lay Taxes on the Lower District for carrying on the said Works, oVer and above all other Taxes,

not exceeding vob. the first Year, nor a s. in any other Xcar, per Acre,

The Stile on Worthey Bank to be kept in Repair by the Commissioners of the Upper District for embanking.

Commissioners for first District to make Drains, and eject a Mill,

C. 6 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

fame to be (hut, and so to continue until the said great Mills are repaired and set off again, the Breach or Breaches taken, and the said Banks (lopped from running over.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time when such Door or Doors shall have been so (but as aforesaid, open the same, or cause the same to be opened, without an Order for that Purpose, signed by any two or more of the said Commissioners, or at any Time before such Mills shall be repaired and set off again, such Breach or Breaches taken, or such Banks shall be stopped from running over, such Person or Persons, being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Elyf or County of Huntingdon, not interested therein, which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer, and a!so to hear and determine the said Offence, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than three Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, and to be applied and disposed of in carrying on the Works to be done by the said Commissioners jointly; and for Want of such sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the common Gaol for the said Isle of Ely, or County of Hun-iingdony for such Time or Times as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding two Years nor less than three Months, or until such Penalty and Forfeitures shall be paid.

XLVIII. And, for the more easy and effectual carrying on the Works directed to be done by the said Commissioners of the Lower District for embanking jointly and together with such Persons Who ad as Commissioners for the said Upper District, in Right, or as Owners or Occupiers, or Agents for any Owners, of any Part of the said Farm called The Tloree Hundred Acre Farm/ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such first Meeting after the passing of this Act, or any yearly or other General Meeting for the said Lower District, as aforesaid, then and there to rate, tax, and assess, all and every the Lands lying within the said Lower District, or subject or liable to be rated or taxed thereto by virtue of this Act, or of the said Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, or any Part thereof, with an equal and proportionable Acre-rate, Tax, or Sum of Money, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them who shall be present at such first Meeting, or any such General yearly or other Meeting, as aforesaid (over and above all the Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, herein before directed to be rated, raised, or levied, in or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or the several Owners or Occupiers in respect thereof), so that such Rate, Tax, or Sum of Money, do not exceed in the first Year the Sum of ten Shillings, nor in any one Year afterwards the Sum of two Shillings, for every Acre of Land or Ground, and fd in proportion for every greater or lesser Quantity; and which said Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, shall be raised and levied in the same Manner as the several other Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, are herein before directed to be raised and levied upon or within the aforesaid several Districts for embanking and draining; and the Commissioners hereby appointed for raising and levying such Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, shall have the same Powers and Authorities for recovering the same, as are herein before given to or vested in the Commissioners of any of the said several Districts by virtue of this Act, for recovering any Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, to be raised or levied within the same respectively; and the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as any such Person or Persons are or may be subject or liable to for or in respect of the Non-payment, or any Default of Payment, of any other Rates or Taxes herein before directed to be raised and levied; and such Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, so to be raised and levied in or upon the said Lower District, and the said Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, <is aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for and towards such particular Works as are herein mentioned or directed concerning the same, jointly, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Stile now ereCled and (landing upon the Bank in the said Upper District or Division for embanking, called Northey Bank, next to, or adjoining to, a certain Place in the Parish of Ramsey y called Limekiln Hilly shall, at all Times hereafter, be repaired, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, by and out of the Taxes arising or to be raised by the Commissioners of the said Upper District or Division by virtue of this Act for the embanking and keeping in Repair the several outward Banks of the said District or Division.

4 L. And, for the more effectual draining and preserving the several Lands and Grounds lying within the Limits of the said first District/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said first District shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to scour out and clean!*, or cause to be scoured out and cleansed, sixteen Feet wide at the Top, and ten Feet wide at the Bottom, and not less than five Feet deep from the Surface of the adjacent Lands, the Ditch from the West Water or Warboys Common Drain, formerly called The Fourteen Feety along between the Land of Mistress Kerrich and Warboys High Fen to the Lands of Sir Robert Bernardy and between the said Farm and the said High Fen to the Lands of William Fellowes Esquire, and along the said Lands to the Lands of Richard Scrwjhtre and late Joseph Sherwood, Esquires, and between the Lands in the said first District and Warboys High Fen to the Corner of Broad Pooly and thence along the South Side of the same Lands next Broad Pool and the Turf Fen to Puddock Drove, and thence up to the Bank of Ramsey first District; and that the Earth which shall be thrown out of the said Drain shall be laid upon the Bank of the four Five hundred Acre Farms, in order to make a sufficient Bank to join the Bank of the Ramsey fii ft District, and to prevent the adj icenc Lands in the first District under this Act from being overflowed, and in order to make a sufficient Drain for Warboys Common; and that the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cut and make, or Cause to be cut and made, and at ail Times hereafter to support, maintain, and keep, a Drain not less than twenty Feet wide at the Top, from the Potty Foot River, between Puddock Drove and the Lands of

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65.

Joht*Flemming'E(qu\rey up to" the Latids of Mistress Kerrichy and also a Drain from thence along the said Drain between the said Drove-and Mistress Kerrich'* Land to the Lands of Sir Robert Bernard, from thence along the said Drain between the said Drove and the Lands of Sir Robert Bernard to the Lands of William Fellow ez Esqtrire, and from thence along the said Drain between the said Drove and the Lands of William Fellowes Esquire to the Lands of Richard Scrimshire and latt Jrieph Sherivcod, Esquires, and from thence along tht said Drain between the said Drove and the Lands of Richard Scrim fin re and lat zjofeph Sherwood, Esquires, up to the Bank that joins the Ramsey first District, and which said Drain shall be of such Width and Depth'as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and shall and may erect and place, or cause to be erected and placed, at the lower End of the said Drain next to the Forty Foot Rivery upon the Lands of John Flemming Esquire, such a Mill as shall be sufficient for throwing out and discharging the Waters from such Drains into the said Forty Fool River, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to support and maintain such Mill, and cause the same to be worked in such Manner, and as often as shall be necessary for discharging the Waters out of the said Drains, and preventing the overflowing of the adjacent Lands, and draining and preserving the same.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sir Robert Bernard, William Feilowtsy Richard Scrimshire y the Owners of the Land lat 0 Joseph Sherwood and Milt refs Kerrich^ and their respective Heirs and Assigns, may and shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, at their respective proper Costs and Charges, erect, place, support, and maintain, or cause to be erected, placed, sup ported, and maintained, a Door or Doors by the Side of the said Drain herein before directed to be made in the said first District, in order to let the Water out of their respective Lands, and convey the same through the said Drain up to the said Mill, and may and shall, as they shall judge necessary, erect and make Staunches upon their respective Lands, to keep Water upon their said Lands in the Time of Low Water, for the Use of the Cattle upon the said Lands.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said John Flem~ *mingy nor any of the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being of the said Farm, shall have any Power of Authority by virtue of this Act, or otherwise howsoever, to convey the Water, directly or indirectly, out of or from the said Farm or Lands, by any Means whatsoever, into any Part of the said Mill Drain belonging to the said first District, between the said Farm and Puddock Drove, nor into the Division.Ditch which parts the said Farm and Lands and the Farm and Lands belonging to Mistress Kerrich, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Flemming, and all and every future Owner or Owners for the Time being of the said Farm or Lands, shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, immediately after the passing of this Act, to make, or cause to be made, and at all Times hereafter to support, maintain, and keep, a good and sufficient Bank upon the said Farm or Lands of the said John Flemmings all*the Way next the Farm or Lands of Mistress Kerrich% so far as the said Farms lie contiguous to each other, in order to prevent the Waters in the said Farms from communicating with each other, and also a Bank along the said Farm next to Puddock Drove, to the Forty Foot River; and in case the said John Flemming, or any future Owner or Owners for the Time being of the said Farm or Lands, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time hereafter, upon any Occasion whatsoever, cut, or cause to be cut, the said Banks, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and shall thereof be convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, not interested therein, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, nor less than twenty Pounds; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, in such and the same Manner as other Penalties herein-before or herein after directed to be inflicted determined by virtue of this Act are directed to be recovered; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol for the said County or Place, for such Time or Times as such Justice or Justices shall order or direct, not exceeding two Years, nor less than six Months, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said first District, and they are hereby authorised and required, immediately after the passing of this Act, to stop and dam up, or cause to be dammed and stopped up, both Ends of the Ditch which divides the Lands of John Flemming and Mistress Kerrich, and to crest and make, or cause to be erected and made, and at all Times hereafter to support, maintain, and keep in sufficient Repair, Stiles upon the said Dams or Headings, in order that the same may be sufficient Fences between the said Farms.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said second District, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect and make, alter or remove, or cause to be erected, made, altered, or removed, and at all Times hereafter to support; maintain, and keep a Mill or Mills on any Part of the said second District, at or near the Forty Foot Rivery, as they shall agree upon and judge proper, for sufficiently draining and preserving the said second District; and also to make such Drain or Drains, Banks, Dams, Stiles, Tunnels, and Headings, in or upon the Lands or Grounds within the said second District, as they shall think proper or necessary for effectually draining and preserving the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said third District for draining, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to cut and make, or cause to be cut and made, and to support, maintain, and keep a Drain fourteen Feet wide at the Top, and five Feet deep from the Surface of the adjacent Lands, from a certain Place in Warboyz don.mon Stray Pasture, to receive the Water from Gcldjnt Ritnnelly across Puddock Drove, and up the East Side of the said Drove to the Lands of Richard Scrimshire and late J<fefh Shenvood, Esquires, and along Vol XII. 3 G the

409

Proprietors of Lands atij lining may erctf Doufl nest the said Drain for letting the Waters into the same.

No Water to be conveyed into the said Drain between the said Farm and Puddock Drove, nor into the Division Ditch between the said Farm and the Lsnds of Mrs. Kerrich. Mr. Flemming to support his Banks.

Penalty of 501, on cutting any of the Banks,

Commissioners of first District to flop of the Dike Ends between Mr Flemming and Mrs. Kerrich*! Lands, and to erect Stiles as Fences. Commissioners impowered to C-re& Mills and make Drains in the second Di& tri&.

A Drain to be made, and Mill ereflrd, for draining Wtr» boys Common,

410

C. 65.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Commissioners of the third District to place a staunch Door or Doors in the Ditch which divides Mrs., Kerrich's Land and the West Water.

If Commissioners of third District suffer staunch Doors to remain open more than two Hours before the Mill is going, &c. to pay double Damage.

Any Person having the Care of staunch Doors, and fuftering them to continue open more than wo Hours, &c. to bscommitted.

Owners may flnit

the staunch Don?*, &c. and keep them and the BanUs in Rr piir, if Commnhoneta le-fuic:

and be paid thehr Eapunces by the Trc^L rrr of the third Dirt riff.

the South Side of Warboyi Turf Fen to Pudding Dike, and along the said Dike to the Corner of Warbop High Fen* and from the Bank to be made next Fenton Load, between Neiv Pajlurt and the said High Fen, to the Corner of Broad Pool, and from thence along the Ditch between the said High Fen and Broad Pool to the East Corner of the Lands of the said Richard Scrimshire and late Joseph Sherwood, Esquires, into the aforesaid Drain to be cut by the Commissioners of the said first Distri&j and from the Corner of the Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, next Fenton Load, between the said Farm and Warboyi High Fen, to the Drain called The Fourteen Feet, by the South-west Side of the West Water, to the Lands of Mistress Kerrich, making a Drain on the South-west Side of the West Water down to the Forty Foot River or Drain, in order that the same may be sufficient Drains for letting off the Water from the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons; and the said Commissioners are hereby required, within eighteen Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, toerect and place, or cause to be erefled and placed, at the End of the said Drain, and upon the Lands of the aforesaid John Flemming or Matthew Wildbore, Esquires, or the H'cjl Water adjoining or abutting upon the said River or Drain called Vermuydens or The Forty Foot Drain, such a Mill as shall be sufficient for throwing out and discharging the Waters from such Drains intofc/ Forty Foot River, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to support and maintain such Mill, and cause the same to be worked, until the Water in the aforesaid Drain between the four Five hundred Acre Farms and Warboyi High Fen is one Foot below the level Soil of Warboyi High Fen.

LVU. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said third District, and they are hereby authorised and required, within one Month after the said Drain shall have been completed, to make, set down, or place, or cause to be made, set down, or placed, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to support, maintain, and keep-in good and sufficient Repair, or cause to be supported, maintained, and kept in good and fui-cient Repair, aftaunch Door or Doors in the Ditch which divides Mistress Kerrich's Land and thtWejl Water, not exceeding the Distance of sixty Feet from Warboyi High Fen; and also a good and sufficient Bank on each Side of the said Door or Doors, to join Mistress Kerrich's Land on the one Side, and the Bank of the second District on the other Side, in order that the said staunch Door or Doors, when flrtt, may effectually prevent the Waters in the Drain, by virtue of this Act directed to be made in or through the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds called Warboyi Common, from communicating with the Waters in the Drain by virtue of this Act directed to be made from thence on the South-west Side of the Land called The West Water, down to the Forty Foot River or Drain ( and also to make, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to support, maintain, and keep in good and sufficient Repair, a good and sufficient Bank on each Side of the said Drain, from the said staunch Door or Doors to the said Forty Foot River, so as effectually to prevent the Waters in the said Drain from overflowing the Banks on each Side thereof; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to (hut the said staunch Door or Doors, or cause the same to be shut, in such Manner as effectually to prevent such Communication of the Waters as aforesaid, at all Times (except as hereafter excepted) when the Mill, to be erected by the said Commissioners for draining the said third District, shall not be going.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners of the said third District shall at any Time permit or suffer the said staunch Door or Doors to be opened, or to remain open, as aforesaid, beyond the Space of two Jiours before the said Mill shall be going, or after the same shall be set down or cease working as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall forfeit and pay to Mattherv Wyldbore Esquire, John Flemming Ekjuire, and Mistress Ke?rich, or any of them, or to the Owner of Owners for the Time being of the three Farms now belonging to the said Matthew Wyldbore, John Flemming, and Mistress Kerrich, and lying next to the West Water, who shall prosecute or sue for the same, double the Damage that may arise to the said three Farms respectively, by reason of the said staunch Door or Doors being left open beyond the said Space of two Hours; the same to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons, to whom the Care or Custody of (hutting the said* staunch Door or Doors shall by the Commissioners for the said third District be committed, shall at any Time suffer the same to continue open after the Expiration of the said Space of two Horns, every such Person (hfdl, for every such Offence, upon due Proof thereof before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Huntingdon, be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the present and all and every future Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, of the said Farms and Lands belonging to the said Matthew Wyldbore, John Flemming, and Mistress Keirich, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to (hut the said staunch Door or Doors at ally Tims after the said Mill shall be set down or cease working; and in case the said Commissioners for the said third District shall at any Time hereafter refuse or neglect to repair* and keep in good and sufficient Repair, the said staunch Door or Doors, and Banks, so that the same may effectually prevent such Communication of the Waters, as aforesaid, at such Time or Times as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the present and all and every future Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, of the Lid Farms and Lands belonging to the said Matthew Wyldbore, John Flemming, and Mistress Kernel, and they are hereby authorised and impowered (after three Days Notice in Writing first given by them, or any of them, to the said Commissioners, or any two of them, to repair the same) to repair the said staunch Door or Doors, and Banks, or cause the lame to be repaired, in such Manner, and so as to effectually answer the Purposes aforesaid; and the Treasurer or Receiver of the said thiid District shall, and he is hereby required to pay the fuil Charges and Expences thereof to such Person or Persons, on his or their

producing

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65.

producing proper Vouchers for the Money laid out and expended therein* within twenty Days after Demand thereof made from such Treasurer or Receiver; and in case of Non-payment thereof by such Treasurer or Receiver within the Time above limited for such Payment as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners* Occupier or Occupiers* as aforesaid* upon Proof on Oath being firstmade by them, or any of them, before anyone or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Huntingdon, not interested in the Premises, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals^of such Justice or Justices, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Stock, Goods and Chattels* of the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Lands or Grounds lying within or being Part of the said third District, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) after deducting such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress, to such Occupier or Occupiers: And it shall and may be lawful for such Occupier or Occupiers to deduct the Sum or Sums of Money, Costs and Charges, by hitnor them to be paid, out of the Taxes by him, her, or them payable for or in respect of any Lands or Grounds lying within or being Part of the said third District, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any other Person, shall have no Power or Authority whatsoever to cut or take any of the Land belonging to the said Matthew Wyldbore, for the Purpose of making and repairing any of the said Banks, except for the Purpose of the general Embankment, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Lands of Matthew Wyldbore Esquire, and John Flemming Esquire, and the Common called Crollode Common, shall not be subject or liable to any Rates or Taxes imposed by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining any of the said Distridfcs, any Thinfc id this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said fourth District, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect and make, or cause to be erected and made, two or more Mills, and such Drains as they shall agree upon and judge necessary or proper for the effectual draining the same; provided that such Mills be of equal Size and Dimensions* and that the same be erected or placed on feme Part of the said fourth District, and not nearer than the Distance of forty Feet from Fenton Load, and so that the Waters intended to be conveyed from the said Lands by such Mill or Mills be thrown into Fenton Loadx and conveyed from thence to the Forty Foot River, through the D.ratn herein before directed to be cut through the Hard Lands at Chatteris Slate End, and provided that such Mill or Mills be erected and placed as aforesaid, and at all Times hereafter supported, maintained, and kept, at the sole Expence of the said fourth District; and that there be always a free Communication of the upper End of Fenton Load with the Water in the said Drain intended to be cut through the said Lands at Chatteris Slade End.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said fifth District, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect and make, alter or remove, or cause to be erected, made, altered, or removed, and at all Times hereafter to supporr, maintain, and keep such Inside MiH or Mills, as they shall agree upon and judge proper for sufficiently draining and preserving the said District; provided that such MilLor Mills be erected and placed in or upon some Part of the said District called The Fifteen Hundred Acres, the Acre Fen, or Fledgery Burrows; and that the Water intended to be conveyed from the said Lands or Commons by such Mill or Mills be thrown into the Drain called IVbnblington Leam> or The Twenty Feet Drain, and conveyed through the said Drain into the Forty Foot River.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for John Leman and John Newnham, Esquires, and each and every the future Owner or Owners for the Time Being of the said Farms or Lands called The Three Hundred Acre Farm,* and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect and make, or cause to be erected and made, and at all Times hereafter to maintain* support, and keep such a Mill or Mills, as they shall agree upon and judge proper for draining the said Farm, jointly and in common, or separately; provided that such Mill or Mills be erected and placed in or upon feme Part of the said Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, and that the Water to be thrown by such Mill or Mills be conveyed thereby into the aforesaid Drain called Fenton Load\ and provided that such Mill or Mills be erected and placed as aforesaid, and at all Times hereafter supported, maintained, and kept at the sole Expence of the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the said Farms; and that such Owner or Owners for the Time being of the said Farm do make, and at all Times hereafter support and maintain the Bank next the said Drain called Fenton Loadj from Warboys High Fen Common to the Fen called Chatteris Acre Feny and not otherwise.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the said Inside Mills, herein before directed to be erected or built next to the said Twenty Feet Drain, or Wimblington Leant, and Fenton Load, shall be permitted to go or to throw Water into the said Drains, or either of them, until the respective Banks on each Side thereof are completely finished, and two or more great Mills are erected and built at The Forty Foot River or Drain, and ready for going; nor shall any of the said Inside Mills (except the Mill to be built on that Part of Chatteris Common called The Fifteen Hundred Acres otherwise Curfy and Slade End Night-layer be permitted to go or to throw Water into the said respective Drains, at any Time when the said great Mills next the Forty Foot River or Drain are disabled from going, or during any Breach, or the Water running over the Forty Foot Bank between Garter's Bridge and Horseway, or any Breach or running over of the Inside Banks on each Side of Fenton Load and the Twenty Feet Drainy or Wimblington Leam 5 Notice in Writing of such Breach or running over, or such great Mills being disabled from going, signed by three Commissioners for any of the said Upper or Lower Districts for embanking, being fixed on the Outside of one Door of each Inside Mill, and left at the House of the Surveyor, or one Commissioner for such respective District, wherein or whereon such Mill or Mills shall (land,

411

No Lind of Mr. Wyldbore to be cat or token for repairing Banks, except for the general Embankment.

Mr. Wyldbore'a and Mr. Flemming's Land, and Crollode Common, not subject to Drainage Tax. Commissionfri of fourth. Dif-, trlft may erett Mill* next F«a* ton Load.

CommUBonen of fifth Distr&fe to erect Inside Milk for Drain* age, &Ci

Owners of the Three Hundred Acre Farm ifeay erc£t Mills at their own Expence.

No Inside MiHe permitted to go ,till the great Mills are read/ for working.

nor during an/ Breach, &c. of the Bank, or when »he greag Mills are disabled from going.

412

5 1. Penalty far eftenSing*

Camtniffiojitn

of Sutton and LfcpalAftsto drain the Three Hundred Acre Farm till certain Work* are completed.

Owners to drain, if Commissionera w fuse.

If one great

Miilbedif.bled^ half of the othert to oeafe going, &c.

Proprietors of adjacent Lands may lay Tunnel* into Fenton Load and the Twenty Feet Praia*

Commissioners of the Lower Distri& for em-lunkiner, &c. to make a Bank from Warboys Common to the Three Hunntd Acre faira.

T

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

jot left at the tifuaj Place of Abode of the Occupier of stich hf the said Mills as shall he private Property: And iq case, after any such Notices aforesaid, or before £uCb ilnfide Banks, and such great Milk are coin* pletely finUkcd, as aforesaid, any of the said Inside Mills (except the aforesaid Mill on that Part of Chatteris Common called The FifteenHundredAcre*, Curs, or Slade Find Night-layer) shall be worked or throw Water into any of the said Drains, the Commissioners for the District wherein or whereon such Mill so worked as aforesaid shall (land, or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Mill being private Property, (Information on Oath being laid within one Month from the Time of such Offence being committed before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Placo.where such Offence shall be committed), shall, for every such Offibnce.respectively, forfeit and pay the Penalty or Sum of five Pounds for every Hour each and every such Mill or Mills shall run after such Noticed* aforesaid, or before such Inside Banks and great Mills are completely finished, as aforesaid; and the same <shall be applied towards repairing, and keeping in Repair, such great Mill or Mills, or the taking and flopping such or any future Breach or Breaches, or junning over of the said Banks, as aforesaid; and in case of Non-payment, such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justices of the Peace before whom such Convictions shall be made; and such Officer or Commissioner or Commissioners, upon whom or upon whose Goods and Chattels such Distress or Dtftceftes shall be made as aforesaid, shall dedufi such Penalty or Penalties, and all Costs and Charges which he or they shall be put unto or sustain, out of the Rates and Taxe§ arising or levied within the District wherein or whereon such Mill shall Hand or be; and the Person or Persons so working such Mill or Mills shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of dive Pounds, to be levied by Distrefe and Sale of his or their respe&iye Goods and Chattels; but in case the Amount of the Penalty incurred for the Offences aforesaid shall exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds, then the same shall be recovered by ion, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in some one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall, by such Justice or Iu-ftices, be committed to the House of Cortedion for such County or Place, there to be kept to.hard Labour for any Timenot less than three Calendar Months, nor more than two Years.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until the Banks on each Side of the Twenty Feet Drain or Wimblington Learn and Fenton Load are completely finished, and the two great Mills are eroded and built at the Forty Foot River, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners acting under or by virtue of the said two Acts made and passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of his Majesty King George the Second, and they are hereby authorised and required, by and with the Consent of the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being of the Farm belonging to the Heirs of Sir Thomas Drury Baronet, to drain the said Farm called The Three Hundred Acre Farm, the Owners or Occupiers of the said ThruHmu dred Acre Farm paying to the said Commissioners the Sum of one Shilling per Acre in evsery Year for drain-ng the said Farm.

LXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That in case the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to draw the said Farm, upon Application made to them by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Farm; then, and in that Case, the Owners and Proprietors of the said Farm, are hereby authorised and impowered to drain the said Farm in the same Manner as they could or might have done in case this prefeot Acthad never beta made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at any Time orif one of the said great Mills, to be erected next to the Forty Foot River or Drain, shall by any Means be disabled from going, that then half the Number of Mills erected, or to beere&ed, by virtue of this Act, in or upon the said fourth Distri&, shall be set down, and not permitted to work or throw any Water until such Mill is repaired again and (it forgoing; or in case there shall net be an equal Number of Mills taded in the said fourth Distridb, that then the greater Number of such Mills shall in such Case as aforesaid be set down, and not be permitted to work again until such Mill is repaired again, and fit for going as aforesaid. '

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds lying next or adjacent to the said Dram9 called Fentm GW/ and Fenton Load, Wimblington Leam otherwise the Twenty Feet Drain, except Warboys High Fen, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at their respective proper Costs and Charges, bp make such Dikes, and lay, or cause to be made and laid, such Tunnels, of such Dimensions as they shall think proper, for conveying the Waters from their said Lands into the said respective Drains, at such Time, and whenever they shall respectively think proper; and for letting Water out of the said Drains into their re* spe(Stive Lands, at any Time between the twenty-fourth Day of ^fune and the tenth Day of September.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Lower Distri<Sl for embanking, together with the Owners and Proprietors of the several Lands and Commons lying or being in Warboys High Fen, and they are hereby authorised and rc-

5uired to make, or cause to be made, a Bank of five Floors to a Rood upon Warboys Common next to 'enton Load, from the Corner of the Twelve Feet Drain on the South-east bide of the Cow Common along New Pasture, to the High Fen, and along the High Fen to the Ditch at the Corner of the Three Hundrd Acre Farm, and across the said Ditch; and that the Charges and Expences of making such Bank (had bt borne and paid in the Manner and Proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say. Three-fifths thereof shall be borne and paid by the Commissioners of the Lower Distri& for embanking, and Two-fifths thereof shall be borne and paid by the Owners and Proprietors of the several Lands and Cdmmoitr lying or being in Warboys High Fen; and that the said Banks shall, from Tim© to Time, and at all Tiroes hereafter, ,bc repaired and maintained, and kept in Repair, at the sole Expence of the said Owners and Proprietors of the several Lands and Commons in Warboys High Fen

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 65. 413

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor* of said Owners of the several Lands and Commons in Ivarboys High Fen, and th'v are hereby authorisevl and ^a,b°yi required, at-their respective proper Costs and Charges, to make, and from Time to Time, and at all BjnWrTm I Times1 hereafter, to support, maintain, and keep in Repair, a sufficient Bank from a certain Place oppo- p;3'Ce o?%fire ffite the Twelve Feet'Drain lo JViltborn Ware, so as to prevent the adjacent Lands from being overflowed by the r»eiteKect the Water in the said Drain; and that the Owners and Proprietors of the Farm called Rowey do a!f> fuf- Drainto WiU -ficiently scour out, widen, deepen, maintain, and keep, the Drain called Fenion Load, along the Side to thorn Ware.

'the End of the said Farm; and that tVarboys Commoners do likewise scour out, widen, and deepen the said Drain, from thence to the Closes of JFtlliam Pagitt Esquire, of a sufficient Width and Depth to con-wey the Waters through that Part of the said Drain to the other Part thereof, next to the fourth District; umd incafc of any Neglect or Refusal so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the jfh ft and fourth Dist rifts, or any three ormoreof them, after three Days Notice in Writing, (signed by any three or'more of them, being first given to the Commissioners of the third District, or any two or iiaore of them, or left at their uuial Place of Abode), to repair and amend the same; and in case of Non- payment of the Costs and Charges attending the same within twenty Days after Demand made thereof, to levy the same by Distress and Sale, and to proceed in the same Manner for the Recovery thereof, as is rheixin-befoFe directed for the Recovery of any Spin or Sums of Money which may be expended by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Farms or Lands of Matthew Wyldbore and John Flcm- -

miag Esquires, by reason of any Neglect or Default of the Commissioners of the third District.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissionm Commissioners of the said fourth and fifth Districts, and the Commissioners of or for the Three Hundred Acre Farm respectively, or the major Part of them who shall be present at a Meeting or Meetings of either of ‘the said Districts for that Purpose, and they are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, at any to*let Water* Time or Times hereafter, to make and lay, or cause to be made and laid, one or more Tunnel or Tunnels, out of the Forty of such Width and Depth as they, or the major Part of them, assembled at such respective Meetings, Footintothe shall think most proper, in order for letting Waters out of Vermuyden's or the Forty Foot Drain into the said Twenty Feet Drain 6r IVimhlington Learn, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the Commissioners, or the 0111

-major Part of them, assembled at any Meeting for that Purpose, shall think proper to order and direct \ and also that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the third, fourth, and fifth Distri&s, and of the Three Hundred Acre Farm, or the major Part of them who shall be present at any Meeting or Meetings for that Purpose, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to make and lay, or cause to 'be made and laid, one or more Tunnel or Tunnels, of such Width and Depth as they, or the major Part of them, at such Meeting, shall think proper, in order for letting Water out of Fenton Load into the said jespective Distri&s and Farm, at such Times, and in such Manner, as they shall think" proper; provided that such Waters be not let into the said Drains at any Time between the tenth Day of September and the twenty-fourth Day of June, or at any other Time when the Water is not one Foot below the Soil of the Land lying adjacent to the said Drains.

LXaIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Chatteris Com* fourth District shall, and they are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to John Gardner of Chatteris moner*toereft* aforesaid, Esquire, or to John Waddington Esquire, out of the Taxes or Assessments which shall be levied, ®r,dg5l" rated, and assessed, in or upon the fa'rd DistriiSl, in the first Year after the passing of this Act, the Sum of FeB^em fifty-five Pounds, in Trust, for the several Persons having Right of Common in the several Commons In Chatteris aforesaid, lying within the fifth District, and intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, in order that the same may be applied for and towards the Expences of building a Bridge of twenty F$et Waterway over the Ford in Chatteris Acre Fen \ and the said Commoners are hereby required to build, or cause to be built, such Bridge accordingly, and, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to support, maintain, and keep the same in goed and sufficient Repair.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sums of Money which Monies have been heretofore advanced and paid by any of the Owners or Proprietors of the several Fen Lands,

Low Grounds, and Commons, lying or being in the said Upper or Lower District for embanking, into woritsln the the Hands of Peter Brighty or John Bateman, together with all such Sums of Money which the said Peter Upper or Lower Brighiyznd John Bateman shall have expended for or towards the Charges and Expences of working the Distria/orem-Mills, or maintaining the Banks, in or upon the said Lands and Grounds, until the obtaining of this Act, banking to b« shall be repaid to them respectively out of the several Rates and A fit Aments to be raised and levied in or upon arifineor

all the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the said Upper District, and in or upon the fhefirft

Commons called or known by the Names of Chatteris Acre Fen and Hive End Burrows, lying in the said Year.

Lower District, in the first Year after the passing of this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and CommHSonera for the said Commissioners for the said Upper and Lower Districts or Divisions for the embanking, or any to order a Survey of the said five Districts for draining, or the major Part of them who shall be present at any General *n<Maptobe-Meeting for that Purpose, to order a Survey to betaken and Map made, by such Person or Persons as ra*de* they shall thinlc proper, of the Lands and Grounds contained or comprised in this Act, in order to ascertain the Number of Acres contained in each respective District either for embanking or draining; which Survey. and Map shall be delivered in upon Oath to the said Commissioners for embanking or draining respectivfcly, or any five or more of them, and the Charges thereof shall be borne and paid jointly out of the Taxes respectively arising, or to be raised and levied in such District wherein or whereof such Survey oj: Map Ibal) be so made as aforesaid. J

1 LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tax or Assessment shall be rated, charged, orr High Dud* act levied, for or in respect of any Lands, being Part of the Lands bounded and described as aforesaid, which t®betkMgt4^ are known and distingutfbed by the Name of High Lands, and have not been damaged by Inundations;

and

414

Manner of it* teimining which ere High Landi.

Person* Jestroy ing the Work* deemed guilty of Felony,

Person* catting the Works to forfeit tool.

Penalty on Persons laying Ob* ftro&ions in Drains and Fi-Bieriet,

Penalty on Persons allowing Hogs to wander n the Banks.

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A. 0.1775,

and if any Dispute shall arise, whether any such Lands shall or shall not be deemed High Lands, the same shall be determined upon View, on or before the tenth Day of Octobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, by any four Commissioners appointed by or elected in pursuance of this Act, not having any Property in the District or Division where such Lands shall lie; two of which said Commissioners shall be nominated by the Commissioners for the District or Division wherein such Dispute shall arise, and the other two Commissioners by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in Dispute; and such four Commissioners shall, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, dhufe one other Commissioner not hav* ing Property rn such Distri& or Division, as an Umpire, to determine such Dispute, in case such four Commissioners should be equally divided in their Opinions: And all such Commissioners, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall take an Oath well and truly, to the bed of their Judgment and Knowledge, to determine whether such Lands shall or shall not bfc deemed High Lands (which Oath any one or more of the Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer); and such Commissioners shall set forth their Determination in twodiftind Writings, and shall sign the same; one of which Writings shall be delivered to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, and the other of such Writings shall be deposited and kept in the Place where the Accounts and other Records of such respective Districts are kept.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority*foresaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously burn, cut, breakdown, or otherwise destroy, any Bank, Mill, Engine, Floodgate, or Sluice, already erected? supported, maintained, or used, or hereafter to be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used, by virtue of this Act, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purposes of draining and preserving the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, within the same, every Person or Persons of* fending, and being thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to transpoa such Felon for seven Years, in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws of this Realm.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, break down, demolish, damage, or destroy, or cause or procure, or hire any Person to dam up, break down, demolish, damage or destroy, any River-drain or Watercourse, Door, Dam, Bridge, Head4 ing, or other Work or Works already made, cut, or erected, or which shall at any Time or Times here* after be making, cutting, or erecting, or made, cur, erected, supported, maintained, or used, by virtue of this Act, for answering the Purposes of Drainage, and preserving the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, within any of the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, not interested therein, every such Person or Persons, so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds, nor less than twenty Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, determined by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, and to be applied and disposed of in the Improvement of the Works of the District or Division where such Offence shall be so committed, and not elsewhere; and for Want of fuf* ficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed by such Justice or Justices to the House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed to hard Labour for not more than two Years, nor less than three Months, without Bail or Mainprise, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

LXXX. And whereas it frequently happens, that the Passage of the Waters through the Mill Drains

to the several Mills or Engines for draining Fen Lands is obstructed by loose and disorderly Persons setting

Fishing-nets, and laying other Obstructions in the said Drains,' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, wilfully set any Nets or other Engines for the taking or catching of Fish, or throw any Earth or other Obstructions in any of the said Mill Drains or Watercourses already made, or hereafter to be made, in any of the said Distrifls or Divisions respectively, by virtue of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, not interested in the Premises, who is and are hereby required to hear and determine the same on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more of the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; one Moiety thereof to be applied and laid out in the carrying on the Works and Improvements of the said Districts or Divi* fions where such Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers; and for Want of such sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justice or Justices, bo committed to the House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Collector or Surveyor, to seize and take away any such Nets or other Engines to set, and sell and dispose thereof, and 4pply the Money arising therefrom towards the necefliry Works of such District or Division where the same shall be respectively let as aforesaid.

LXXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Swine or Hogs shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be found upon any of the Banks belonging to and within the Limits aforesaid, other than and except such Banks as are private Property, or Part of the Farm Yards belonging thereto, and supported, maintained, and kept in Repair# at the sole Expence of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, that the Owner or Owners of such Swine or Hogs shall forfeit and pay to the said Collector or Receiver, so to be appointed by the said Commissioners, the Sum of five Shillings for every such Swine or Bog that

1 shall

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. 0*65. 415

be found on the said Banks; such Penalty to be applied for and towards the Repairs of the Banks Where such Swine or Hogs shall be refijectively found; and that such Penalty of five Shillings shall, upon. *roof of the Fa<ft, upon the Oath of one Witness, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the ljle of Ely* or County of Huntingdon* or by Confession of the Owner or Owners of such Swine or Hogs, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Swine or Hogs respectively, by a Warrant or Warrants, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to grant, and to administer such Oath, as aforesaid); the Overplus remaining, after such Penalty recovered, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

LXXXII. And whereas it frequently happens, by the Negligence or Carelessness of Servants* or other Persons employed in burning Fen Lands, in order to their being converted into Tillage, that the Banks lying contiguous to such Lands are burnt and damaged, by the Fire being suffered to remain too long on such Lands, and thereby extending to such Banks;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be employed in burning any of the Lands and Grounds lying within the Limits aforesaid, shall, by Carelessness or Negligence, set fire to or burn, or cause to be fired or burned, any of the Banks lying near or adjoining to any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds (other than and except such Banks as are private Property, and kept in Repair by the respective Owners thereof)* so as such Banks be by means of such Fire destroyed or damaged, such Person or Persons being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, not interested therein (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offence), shall give such Recompence and S.itisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage done to the said Banks, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; such Damages and Recompence to be paid by such Offender or Offenders, within such Time as by such Justice or Justices shall be ordered and appointed, into the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers for the Time being appointed by virtue of this Act, to be applied by him for and towards the repairing and amending such Banks; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to the House of Correction for the said Isle or County, and there kept to hard Labour for such Time or Times as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until such Damage or Recompence shall be paid.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall cut or dig any Turfs, Hods, or Sesses, in the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, except in the said Third District, within the Distance of forty Feet from the Centre of any Bank which may be made by virtue of this Act (except such Banks as shall be private Property), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Rod of such Turf, Hods, or Sesses, so cut and dug: And if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made or cut, any Watering Places, or any Place of Access for Cattle to drink (except in the said third District, who are not intended ro be hereby restrained from cutting Waterings for Cattle in any Place but from the Corner of The Three Hundred Acre Farm to iViltborn Ware), in, through, or upon any of such Banks, as aforesaid, or in any Mill-drain (except such as shall be private Property, and made, supported, and maintained, at the proper Costs and Charges of the respective Owner or Owners thereof) within any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds hereby intended to be embanked, drained, and preserved, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any Soak-chke or Ditch, or Soak-gripple, in or upon any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds within the Distance of thirty Feet from any Bank (except such as shall be private Property, as aforesaid) now made, or hereafter to be made, within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Four-pence for every Foot in Length of such Soak-dike or Gripple, and after the same Rate for every Month such Soak-dike or Gripple shall remain unfilled after Notice given by the Clerk or A gent to the said Commissioners to such Person or Persons who shall have dug, or caused to be dug, the lame; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power, at any Time, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Occupier of such Lands wherein such Soak-dike or Gripple shall he made, to fill up and level the same; all which Forfeitures shall, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders before any one or more of the Justice or Justices of the reace for the County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, not interested in the Premises, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offence), be immediately paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Distrust, to be applied for carrying on the Works thereof; and in case of Non« payment thereof, such Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender shall, by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the House of Correction for such County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as toe said Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding three Calendar Months.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall erect, set up, use, or work, any Horse Mill, Gigg, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, for draining or discharging the Water from any Land in the said Distri&s through or upon the Lands of any other Person or Persons, in any other Manner than by one Lift only, directly and immediately from the Lands of the

Persons (>urninj the Banks by CarrleiTnef*, to make pood the Damage,

No Hod* to b« cut wiebin 4a Feet of any Banks, except

in the third Di« ftri&a

Person* Orecting Horse Mills, or any more Mill* than directed by this Act$ to fov, feit 50U

4i 6 C. 65.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

»n<J 5l. per Day while such Erections shall continue.

Ko Houses to be built, nor Trees, &c. planted, nearer to Mills than 50 Poles,

under the Pe* aalty of tool.

Trres and Holts now growing within 50 Poles n»ay be cut down.

If Owners, &c.

neglect to scour or repair Dikes, the same to be done at their Expence.

Commissioners

annually 10 view V-i repair fui h Works as shall be r.epletfed in any of the said Diflnds.

the refaective Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine, or other Device, into the Party Foot River or Drains oi in any other Manner than by virtue of the Engines ertdltd, or to be erected, by virtue of this Act, ia each of the said Districts for draining the same; every Person so discharging the said Water other than a»' aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also the further Sum of five Pounds per Day, for every Day which any such Erection as aforesaid shall continue or be used, to any Person who shall iue for the same; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Receiver or Collector for the Time being of such District or Division wherein or whereon such Erection shall (land or be made, and to be applied for the Purposes of draining, embanking, and improving the said Fen Lands and Low* Grounds lying or being within the same; and the Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine, or other Device* shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person- and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damages such Person and Persons shall thereby sustain; and such Penalties, Compensation, and Satisfaction, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Houses or Buildings, or any other Obstructions whatsoever, shall be credted or set up, or Trees or Holts planted, either within the said several Districts, or any of them respectively, or on the Outside thereof, nearer to any Mill or Engine already built, erected, or employed, or hereafter to be built, erected, or employed for draining the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits aforesaid, than fifty Poles (being the role of eighteen Feet), or on any Bank within the Limits aforesaid (except on the Bank called Northcy Bank): And if any Person or Persons shall build oreredt any House, Barn, or other Building, or shall plant any Tree or Holt, or set up, place, lay, or.put any other Obstruction whatsoever, within any less Distance than fifty Poles, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such House or Building, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be recovered in like Manner as the Penalties herein-before mentioned for erecting Horse Mills, Giggs, Engines, or other Devices for throwing Water; and for every Tree the Sum of one Shilling, and five Pounds for every Holt or other Obstruction so planted or set up; which said Penalties of one Shilling and five Pounds for the Offences aforesaid, are to be levied and paid in like Manner as the' Penalties inflicted for cutting Hods or Turves within forty Feet of the said Banks: And the said Commissioners, or any three or moc of them, are hereby impowered, at any of their Meetings, by an Order under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, to direct their Agents or Servants to take down such Buildings so erected, and pull up and remove such Trees, Holts, and other Obstructions, so placed contrary to this Act.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Trees or Holts are now growing within the Distance of fifty Poles from any Mill or Engine already buiir, or hereafter to be built, within the-Limits aforesaid, or on any of the Banks within the Limits aforesaid, (except the said Bank called The Nor-they Bank,) it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the said several and respective Di -tridls, or any three or more of them respectively, by like Order, under their Hands and Seals, to order the same to be pulled or cut down, as if the same had been planted since the passing of this Act; making such: Satisfaction to the Owners of such Trees and Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the Commissioners, or any five or more of them; or in case any Difference or Dispute shall arif<* between the said Commissioners and such Owner, touching such Satisfaction, and the same cannot be settled between-them, then such Satisfaction and Recompence shall be finally determined, in such and the same Manner as is herein-before mentioned and prescribed for ascertaining the Recompence to be made for Damage by making and erecting any Works in pursuance of this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Land lying within the Limits aforesaid, through which any Drove-way Dike, Outring Dike, or Division Dike, leading to any of the Mill Drains within the said Districts respectively doth or shall pass, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to road, scour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dike, or to make the same of the Depth of four Feet, and the Width of eight Feet at lead, after fourteen Days Notice in Writing to him, her, or them given, from Time to Time, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dikes to be roaded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened, in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, at the proper Costs, Charges, and Expences of such Owners or Occupiers; and that wherever a Road or Way shall have been made over or across any such Dike without a sufficient Tunnel lying the rein, to cause such Ways or Road3 to be taken up, and such Dike to be made of a proper Width and Depth for conveying the Waters through the same to the several Mills or Engines erected, or to be erected, for draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and by a Warrrant or Precept, under the Hands of three or more of the said Commissioners, to levy such Charges and Expences as shall be occasioned by the deepening and widening of the said Dikes, or taking up the said Roads, on the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands through which the said Dikes shall pass, or to which they shall be contiguous, or who mall make, or cause to be made, such Road as aforesaid.

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said Upper and Lower Districts for embapking, or any five or more of them respectively, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, on the last Tuesday in March in every Year, or at any other Time which they shall appoint for that Purpose, to enter into and upon the several Lands and Grounds lying or being within either of the said Districts, in order to view the several and respective Banks and Works thereof, and to see that the same are in good and sufficient Repair; (that is to say,) the said Commissioners for the said Upper District, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, shall and may enter into and upon the several Lands and Grounds lying within the Limits of the said Lower* District, and the said Commissioners for the said Lower District (ffalh and may enter into and upon the several

A.D. 1775 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 417

T'mfwer of toy Di'tricl where DeUi'lt iliill be to pay all the Expenses*

several Lands and Grounds lying or being within the Limits of the said Upper D strict or Division, in order to view the several Banks and Works of or belonging to each respective District as aforesaid, and Avail, at a Meeting, to be by them respectively appointed for each respective District, make their Report of the same to such Commissioners for each respective District as shall be then and there assembled:

And in case it shall appear that through the Neglect or Default of the Commissioners of either of the said Districts, any of the Banks or Works of or belonging thereto are not in such good and fuf-Acient Repair and Condition as they might or ought to be, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of such other District, or any five or more of them, to give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of such District or Division wherein such Neglect or Default shall happen as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, or to their Surveyor or Officer for the Time being, to repair and amend the same; and in case the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same in a proper Manner for twenty-one Days after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of such other District or Division, or any five or more of them, to order and direct their Officers, with such Workmen as they shall think proper, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon or wherein such Neglect or Default shall happen, as aforesaid, and to repair, amend, and put into good and sufficient Repair and Condition, all such Banks and Works as shall be so out or Repair and Condition, and to do all such other Matters and Things as shall be or become requisite or necessary to be done for or by reason or Means of such Neglect or Refusal,' as aforesaid: And that the Treasurer or Receiver of such District wherein such Neglect or Default shall happen as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the full Charges and Expences thereof to such Officer or Officers, on his or their producing proper Vouchers for the Money laid out and expended therein within twenty Days after Demand made thereof from the said Treasurer or Receiver $ and in case of Non-payment thereof within the Time above limited for such Payment as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds in such respective District wherein such Neglect or Default shall happen to be made, as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands or Grounds wherein or whereon such Distress shall be had or taken as aforesaid, to deduct the Sum or Sums of Money by him or them so paid out of the Taxes due, or to grow due, to the said Commissioners for the said Lands and Grounds where such Distress or Distresses shall be (b made, any Thing to the contrary thereof riotwith (landing.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Comr missioners of the said Upper or Lower Districts respectively shall at any Time hereafter neglect or refuse to take or flop any Breach or Breaches, or Overflowing of the Waters, which may at any Time hereafter respectively happen In or upon any of the Banks of or belonging to the said respective Districts for the Space of one Hour after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Commissioners of the other Distridfe, or any two of them, and given or delivered to any one of the Commissioners for such District wherein such Breach or Breaches, or Overflowings, shall happen as aforesaid, or to their Officer for the Time being, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of such other District, or any two or more of them, to order and direct their Officer or Officers, with such Workmen as they shall think proper, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds wherein or whereon such Breach or Breaches, or Overflowing, shall happen as aforesaid, and to take, flop, and repair the same in such Manner as they shall judge necessary* and to do all such other Matters and Things as shall be or become necessary to be done by reaion or means of such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid; and shall proceed in the same Manner for recovering and receiving the Costs and Charges necessarily occasioned thereby, as such Commissioners are respectively herein-before authorised and impowered to proceed for recovering the Costs and Charges which may be occasioned determined by repairing and amending such Parts of the said Banks as shall be neglected or refused to be done by the Commissioners in each respective District.

XC. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, and also the Commissioners for any of the said other respective Districts, or any five or more of them, shall cause ail and every the Engines and Mills, which shall be erected and employed by them by virtue of this Act, to be inuired against Fire in some of, the Publick Insurance Offices, and from Time to Time pay the Expence attending such Insurances out of the Money arifin^ by virtue of this Act.

XCI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Banks, Dams, or other Works, which were lawfully credled by private Persons in any of the said Districts, shall be cut, taken away, or altered, until the several Mills in the said respective Districts are ready to work.

XCII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said first District for draining, or any three or more of them, and also the said respective Commissioners for the said other several Districts either for embanking or draining, or any nine or more of them, not being Deputies, assembled at any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall have full Power and Authority to appoint one Clerk, and one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, for each of the said respective Districts or Divisions, or such other proper Officer or Officers, as they the said respective Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, and also for the Commissioners of the said other Districts, or any nine or more of them, shall think fit, for the taking Care of all such Banks, Mills, and Works, and for collecting the Rates or Assessments which shall be laid, rated, or assessed, on the Lands and Grounds lying within the said respective District, or any of them 5^ and to allow and appoint to be paid to such Officers, out of such Rates or Assessments respectively, such «nd allow them yearly or other Wages or Salary, for their Trouble and Pains, as they the said respective Commissionerar Salaries, for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners of the said other Districts,

or

On Megleft of the Comm rfilon-hr* for the Distri£t where anf Breach shall happen, Commissioners o tho other District may repair the iTlie*

MtlJi to be infixed.

No Banks, Ire.

to be taken away till the Mills are ready to work. Commissioners to appoint Officer},

4*8

Officer! may be removed after 5 Dayi Notice*

Treasurer and other Officer* to give Security*

Officen to account yearly at the General Meeting,

and to attend with their Bookt,

Account! passed and allowed, to be entered in two separate Books, &c.

Officer* of each DittriA to account as often a* required

9

and in case of Neglect to be committed.

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

or any nine or more of them, present at such Meetings, shall think reasonable; which said Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers. Surveyor or Surveyors, or otheri Officer or Officers, so to be appointed, may be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said respetf ive Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more them, or of the Commissioners of the said other Districts, or any nine or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which five Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on the Church or Chapel Doors of such Parish or Place wherein such District shall lie or be, and other or others may be appointed in his or their Stead, as Occasion shall require: And such respective Treasurer or Treasurers, Collectors or Receivers, shall, before they act in the Execution of the respective Offices, give such Security for the due Execution thereof, and for performing the several Trusts to them committed, as the said respective Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners of the said other Districts, or any nine or more of them, assembled at any Meeting for each respective District for that Purpose, shall think fit.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once in every Year, (that is to say) at the yearly General Meeting to be held for the said several Districts respectively, or on any subsequent Day to which the said respective Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them, shall adjourn, Inspection shall be Kad by the fa‘.d respective Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them, of the Receipts and Diffiuffements of such Monies as shall have been ralfed and received by virtue of this Act, and in relation to the said several and respective Districts either for embanking or draining -for the Year then last past; and all Accounts relating to the said respective Districts (half be, at such Meeting, made up and faded by the Commissioners appointed for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them then assembled; at which Time the several Treasurers, Collectors, or Receivers, of the said Taxes or Assessments in each of the'/aid Districts, are hereby required to attend, with proper Books of Accounts of their Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and on considering and examining the said Accounts, and all other Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and received by virtue of this Act, within of in relation to the said several Districts respectively, upon Oath, or Affirmation of any of the People called Quakers, (if the same shall be required by any three or more of the said Commissioners for the said first District, or any five or more of the Commissioners for the said other Districts, which Oath or Affirmation any one of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer), the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them for the said first District, or any five or more of the Commissioners for the said other Districts, are hereby impowered to allow and pass, under their Hands, the said Account or Accounts, or such Pan or Parts thereof as they shall think just and reasonable; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so passed apd allowed as aforesaid, shall be fairly entered into two distinct or ftpa-rate Books, to be kept for that Purpose for each of the said Districts; one of which Books to be kept by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the said Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or most of them, shall appoint; and the other of the said Books shall be deposited in such Place as the said respective Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them, shall direct or appoint, at any Meeting to be held for each of the said Districts respectively, in a strong Box, to be provided by the said Commissioners respectively for that Purpose; and the Books so deposited shall and may be inspected and perused at all reasonable Times, by or at the Request of any Person or Persons rated or taxed in pursuance of this Act, oa paying Sixpence for perusing the same.

XCIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, so appointed for each respective District, either for embanking or draining as aforesaid, shall upoa Oath, or Affirmation of the People called Quakers, when thereunto required by the said respective C;tn-missioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them (which Oath or Affirmation the said respective Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer), give in to the said respective Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or to the Commissioners for the said Other Districts, or any five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, with proper Vouchers, of all Monies which he or they, and every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act* or by reason of the respective Office; and in case the Monies so received shall remain in his or their Hands, the same shall b.* paid to the respective Commissioners for the said first District, or any three or more of them, or to the Comov.l-sioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any three or more of them, for the said first District, or as they, or any live or more of them for the said other Districts, shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands respectively, authorise and impower to receive the same: And in case any such Clerk, Collector, Receiver, or other Officer, shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse to deliver up aii Books, Papers, aid Writings, in his or their Custody, relating to the Execution of this Act, that then, any one or more justice or Justices of the Peace for the We of Ely, or County of Hunt'>vnhi, fft*il and may make Enqjiry of and concerning such-Default as aforesaid in a summary Way, as well by Gm.ession of tiic Party, as by us Testim^ny of one or more credible Witaefs or Witnesses upon O ith, or Affirmation, as aforesaid (which Gath or Affirmation the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to aimimller without Fee or Reward); and if any such Clerk, Treasurer, or Collector, or other Officer 1K1H t): convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall, upoa fa;h Conviction, cumin it

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. 41$

triit the Party to the common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely, or County of Hvntingdan^ there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have made a perfedi Account and Payment, as aforesaid, and delivered up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the respective Commissioners for the said first Distri&, or any three or more of them, or with the Commissioners of the said other Districts, or any five or more of them, and have paid such Composition-money; which Composition the fad respective Commissioners or any three or more of them, for the said first District, or the Commissioners for the said other Districts, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to make.

XCV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, at any Meeting to be held for each of the said Districts either for embanking or draining respectively, shall be entered in distinct Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by five or more of the said Commissioners for the Upper and Lower Districts for embanking, and for the second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts for draining, and by three or more of the said Commissioners for the first District for draining, so assembled at such Meetings, and being so signed, shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; and all such Books, and also the Books hereby directed to be kept for registering the Securities, Afligijments, and Transfers, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Trials at Law, of any Suit or Actions touching any Thing done in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any of them respectively, at any of their Meetings for such respective District by virtue of this Act, shall be altered, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unless for the Upper and Lower Districts for embanking, and for the second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts for draining respectively, nine or more Commissioners be present, and the major Part of the said Commissioners be consenting thereto; and three or more Commissioners for the first District be present, and the major Part of them be consenting thereto; nor unless ten Days Notice in Writing of such Meeting be affixed on the Church or Chapel Doors of the Parish in which such Districts shall respectively lie; in which said Notice the Intent and Design of such Meeting shall be declared; and that every Order for executing the Powers of this Act shall be made at a Meeting of the said respective Commissioners to be held in such Manner as is herein-before authorised and appointed, and not otherwise, except as in this Act is excepted.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall and may be lawful foy such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath, or Affirmation, to any Person foV his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending, and that any Justice of the Peace may act as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in Cases wherein he shall be personally interested.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab hiitioy on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the Proceedings, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularities shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Action upon the same.

XCIX. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action, he, she, or thtly, shall be paid his, her, or their Full Costs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same, as for recovering Costs in any other Case by Law.

C. Provided also, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for an Irregularity, as aforesaid, if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time after the Action brought and between Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the Time of such last mentioned Tender; but on Proof made of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in Cases of Nonsuit, with Treble Costs; to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other Case by Law.

CI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared,' That all the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hereby instituced, or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein-before directed, shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, who is and are hereby impowered and authorised to act in the Premises, and also to hear and determine all other Complaints hereby referred to and made cognizable by any such Justice or Justices, and to issue such Warrant and Warrants as is and are hereby required, and necessary to be granted or issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any the Purposes in this Act contained; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol for the said Isle of El)\ or County of Huntingdon, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, or until the said Pen 1 cy shall be paid, or otherwise compounded for, which Composition the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; and that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Composition-monies, or any Part or Parts thereof, which are not herein-before directed to be applied,

3H2 shall

Proceeding! to be entered in Books,

Orders not to be reversed, unless a certain Number of Commissioners be present, and the major Part consenting thereto, nor unless 10 Days Notice bo given.

Justices may ad-miitifter Oaths; and may a St although Commissioners, except where personally intetested. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, &c.

Plaintiffs recovering to have full Costs, &c.

No Plaintiff (half recover if Tender of Amends has been made.

Penalties howto be recovered.

420

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sdfioai.

Orders net to bt

quashed for want of form.

How Offenders may be proceeded against r

Ho Writings td-be chargeable with Stamp* totj.

Quorum of Conmiifiaiieit*

Commissioners acting not being qualified to pay 50 U

One Moiety to the Profc uror, and the other for the Works, How Notice of Meetings is to be given*

Form of Con-vision.

C. 65. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the Commissioners, and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, on account of any Offence committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, or any Penalty to be levied by virtue thereof, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, or County of Huntingdon, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Isle or County after the Cause of such Appeal shall happen; the Person or Persons so appealing first entering into Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or Judgment shall be affirmed; and the said Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to either Party, as they shall think reasonable, and to make such Order therein as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and concltifive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere:

CIII. And be it further erfafted. That no Order or other Proceeding to be made or had, by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, Avail be quaffied or vacated for want of Form only.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for the said first District, or any five or more of the said Commissioners for the said other Districts, instead of levying the several Rates and Assessments, and Penalties, by this Act particularly imposed, and proceeding against the Offender or Offenders in the summary Manner herein before provided, or in any Case where no Penalty is particularly imposed, or Method of Proceeding is herein-before particularly directed to be pursued for any Offence against this Act, may, at their Election, prefer, and prosecute with Effect, a Bill or Bills of Indictment against such Offender or Offenders, or may bring an Action or Actions in the Names of any two or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Nomination, Appointment, Mortgage, Alignment, or other Security for borrowing Money, Contract, Agreement, Information, Conviction, Judgment, Warrant, or other Writing, under the Hand or Hands, Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, in pursuance of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor any Transfer of any Mortgage or Security, nor any Bond taken fwm any Officer, or his Sureties, in pursuance of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, nor any other Writing whatsoever concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty.

CVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the Commissioners for the several Districts for embanking and draining respectively, shall and may. in all Cases where no particular Quorum or Number is appointed by this Act, be executed by any three or more of the Commissioners for the first District for draining, and by any five or more of the Commissioners for the said Upper and Lower Districts for embanking, or for the said second, third, fourth, and fifth Districts for draining respectively, who shall and may, in all Cases where no particular Quorum or Number is herein appointed, execute all the Powers and Authorities of this Act in relation to such Districts respectively.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not being qualified as is in this Act directed, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such* Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint* or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety thereof shall he applied towards carrying on the Works within the District wherein such Person shall have acted as a Commissioner not being qualified as is in this Act directed.

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Meeting or Meetings of the Commissioners for any of the said respective Districts for embanking or draining shall be held by virtue of this Act, whereof no Notice is herein-before particularly directed to be given, the said Commissioners for such respective Districts shall, and they are hereby required to give three Days Notice in Writing, signed by any three or more of them respectively, of the Time and Place for holding such Meeting or Meetings, in such and the same Manner as other Notices of Meetings for such respective Districts are herein-before directed or required to be given.

c CIX. And, for the more cafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,' be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be ' convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect:

County of C« jp E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of

( 4 D his Majesty's Reign, A.B. convicted before of his Majesty's Justices of the

4 Peare for the County of by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, For draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Ground>*, ani

Common

421

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65.

Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Willow, Warboys, Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge [specfying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be.]

4 Given under our Hands and Seals (or Hand and Seal), the Day and Year aforesaid.*

CX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A<5V, or any Thing Saving the herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take Rights of the away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners appointed in and by an Act Commissionrrj of Parliament, herein-before mentioned to be made and passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Widow, Warboys, Farcetr, Standground, and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, contained in the said Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, or which, by virtue thereof, are now vested in the said Commissioners thereby appointed, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in full Force, Power, and Virtue, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made (except with respect to the embanking and keeping in Repair The Forty Foot and Nor they Bank, and railing the Tax of two Shillings, one Shilling, and one Shilling per Acre, hereby directed to be raised by the said Commissioners in the three first Years after the polling of this Act).

CXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Saving cimfe to Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to impowfer the said Commissioners, or any five of them, to have, use, or exercise any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with, any of Bcdfor of the Sewers, Drains, or Works already made, or hereafter to be made, by the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conferrators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, or to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Statute whatsoever, are now vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, for the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and In the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conferr vators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

CXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not ex- Saving CUufc t» tend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or takeaway any of the Rights, Commissionert Powers and Authorities vested in the Commissioners, appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, parted in of Ncoe» the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for improving and preferring the Navigation from Salters Load Sluice, fit the County of Norfolk, to Strandground Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon, and from Floods Ferry, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load in the said County of Huntingdon 5 and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, to the River Nene in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon; but that dll Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which, by virtue of the said Act, are now vested in the Commissioners thereby appointed, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Commissioners, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

CXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, nor any Thing Savlngof Rigftr herein contained, shall not extend, or be deemed or understood, by any Ways, Means, or Construction, to Bodies PoiU to extend or operate to invalidate, defeat, lessen, diminish, vary, alter, or take away, the Right, Property, tick, &c# Interest, or Title of any Person or Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in or unto any Common Right, PalWe, or Feeding for Cattle, or other Rights, Powers, Claims, or Demands whatsoever, upon any P^rt of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended and directed to be embanked and drained; but that all such Right, Property, Interest, and Title, shall remain and be used, exercised, and enjoyed, in such and the same Manner in every Respect, and to all Intents and Purposes, as could or might have been in case this Act had not been made; except with respect to the Rights or Powers of inclosing, embanking, and draining the several Fen Lands, Grounds, and Commons, comprised in this Act, and also except with respect to the Tithes, Taxes, Parochial or other Rates, in respect to any Lands inclosed for Paj rment of the Rates or Taxes imposed determined by virtue of this Act.

CXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not ex- Saving the tend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners, or any of them, to have, use, or exer- Rights of Tvra* cife any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with, or prejudice any of the Roads or Works already pikeCoiaai£» made, or hereafter to be made, determined by the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of two several Acts of Parlia- fiooen: ment, the one passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for Repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferty to Hammond's Eau, and Somerflvam Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stock's Bridge, through Ncedingworth to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon; and the other, passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry through Chatteris and March to

5 Wisbech

4-22

But not to tm-power them to make any Cuts for Water cross the Road, To as to injure the Lands to be drained by this AO.

Limitation of Aliiont.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs* Publick Act«

:PrtaniWe.

Commissionert

Karnes.

C. 66. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tidd Goat, in the Isle of Elv, and from \V\foech aforesaid through OutweJl to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Aois for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March, and also for charging certain Lands in YValderfea and on Wilbech. South Side> towards the Repairs of the Walderlea and South Side Banks, which before the passing of the said Act were liable to such Repairs; or either of them; or be construed to extend to invalidate, lessen, diminifti, alter, abridge, prejudice, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in the said Trustees respectively appointed, or to be appointed, in and by virtue of the said several Acts; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said several Acts are now vetted in the Trustees thereby and by virtue thereof respectively appointed, or any of them, shall hereafter lemain, continue, and be in the said Trustees respectively, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had neve.r been made; except with regard to the Drain called Hammond's Eau, and the new Cut, in Crollode, which cross the said Road, which the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, are hereby authorised and impowered to fill up, and take and carry away the Bridges across the said Drains,* provided they shall and do erect sufficient Temporary Bridges during the Time of taking the said Bridges away, and shall and do also well and sufficiently fill up the said Drains, and make as complete a Passage over the said Drains as in any other Part of the said Road.

CXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of the said Turnpike Roads, under or by virtue of the said two recited Acts of Parliament, made in the fifth and seventh Years of his present Majesty King George the Third, shall have no Power or Authority whatsoever to make any Cat or Cuts, Passage or raffages, for the Water cross the said Road, so as in any Manner to injure or damage any of the Lands or Grounds comprised in this present Act, or intended to be thereby drained and preserved.

CXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the particular County or Liberty where such Offence shall be supposed to have been done, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in replevin may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority (as Commissioners of Sewers are able to do), and give the special Verdict in Evidence without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fadl alleged to have been done was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County, Liberty, or Place, than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, either in Demurrer or otherwise; then and in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have like Remedy as when Costs by Law are awarded.

CXVII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and all Judges or Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Wisbech - Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and JVtfi lech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

WHEREAS the several Lands and Grounds lying in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely> in the County of Cambridge, containing seven thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to say,) Towards the West by Murrow Bank, towards the South by the North Bank of the River Nene in Part and the Town of Wisbech in Part, towards the East by the said Town in Part and the West Bank of the said River Nene in Part and the Lands in Lever if, y ton in Part- and towards the North by the Lands in Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove, are much annoyed with Waters for want of a proper Drainage, and if the same be effectually drained, great Benefit will accrue as well to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds as to the Publick; but there are no Powers or Provisions now in Force, by virtue of or under any Commission of Sewers, or Law in being, sufficient for the effecting the fathe; nor can the said Lands and Grounds be effectually drained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Webb Seymour commonly called Lord IVebb %-mour. Sir Clement Trajford, Sir Philip Vavasor, John Warren Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Patrick Venn* Doctor in Divinity, Lawrence Banker, Philip Burton, John Chcttoe, Richard Cumberland, Edward Didinson% Bartholomew Edwards, John Edwards, Robert Ffiler, Aungier Peacock*, Armstead Parker^ Rogers Parker, Robert Palmer, Richard ReynoldEdmund Rolfe, John Sumpter, Daniel Swaine, Spelman Swainc, Matthew IVyIdborey John Waddington, Maximilian Western^ John Balchen JTcjly and Thomas Jenkirfcn JVcodzvarJ Esquires; Thomas Cooky John Dickinson, Thomas Forjler. William Greaves, James Harris, Anthony Reyn; I/:, Anthony Sunder Jon and John Twcllsy Clerks; John Abbott, James Ashley the Elder, John Burch, Joseph

Bait or

423

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66.

Barton, William Got, Edward Cross, William Daws, John Drake, Thomas Ground, Mason Hardy, John Hetherington, Joseph Hancock, John Hancock, Thomas Harrison, James Long, William Mason John Mor-phew junior, John Mayer, William Moore, Henry Newcome, Thomas Richardson, William Rayner, John Stona, William Skrimshire, James Scrimshaw, William Stringer, Joseph Torry, Robert Wensley, and Josephr Wilkinson, Gentlemen, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall meet once at least in every Year; to wit, on the fecona Tuesday in May, in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, or at such other Time or Times, Place or Places, as they shall see Cause, or think convenient 5 and shall and may, from Time to Time, at any of their said Meetings, adjourn themselves to such other Time or Times, Place or Places, as they shall think proper; and that three of the said Commissioners, and no less a Number, shall be deemed at all Times to be and constitute a Meeting within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, for doing the Business and carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution; and that the first Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act shall be holden at the Rose and Crown Inn in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, on the Tuesday Three Weeks next after the Day of the patting thereof; and that ten Days Notice of every other Meeting, except adjourned Meetings, shall be given under the Hands of two or more Commissioners, or their Clerk, and affixed in some publick Place in Wisbech Saint Peter s aforesaid, and on the Church Doors of Wisbech Saint Peter s and Wisbech Saint Mary's aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That no greater or larger Sum of Money than three Shillings for each Commissioner who shall be present at any of the said General Meetings, or than two Shillings for each Commissioner who shall be present at any of the said other Meetings, shall ever be paid and allowed out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Charges or Expences of the said Commissioners at such Meetings; and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act shall be made at the Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, by a Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meetings; and that no such Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless five of the said Commissioners at least shall be present, and concur in the revoking or altering thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any of the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by or under this Act, shall happen to die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or other Commissioners, at their said General Meeting, to cleft and appoint one or more Person or Persons in the Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners as shall be then dead, out of the Owners and Proprietors of twenty Acres of the said Lands and Grounds so bounded and described as aforesaid; provided that no Person so elected shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner for any longer or other Time than he shall continue such Owner as aforesaid; and that upon his ceasing to be Owner as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, at their next General Meeting, or any other General Meeting, shall and may elect and appoint another Person, qualified as aforesaid, in the Place of every such disqualified Commissioner, in like Manner as if such Commissioner was dead; and that all such Commissioners, so to be elected and appointed, shall be and are hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners in whole Places they were respectively elected and appointed were vested with by virtue of this Act.

, V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Ely for the Time being, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and the Dean and Chapter of Ely, Master and Scholars of Saint Peter's College, commonly called Peter Hottfe, in the University of Cambridge, the Corporation for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children ot Clergymen, and the capital BurgftTes of the Fown of Wisbech for the Time being, by Writings under their respective common Seals (such several Writings to be certified at the next Meeting after the signing or sealing thereof), shall and may respectively, from Time to Time, nominate and appoint one Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution 5 and that such Commissioners, so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners hereby named and appointed are vested with by virtue of this Act; and that each and every of the Commissioners hereby named and ap-J* pointed, or to be named and appointed in pursuance of this Act, who Dull be lei fed and postessed of one hundred Acres of the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue hereof, shall and may, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, to be certified also at the next Meeting after the signing Thereof, nominate and appoint one other Person to vote and aft a? a Commissioner in his Absence, and not otherwise, at all or a'-y of the Meetings to be holden under the said Act; and such Person so to be nominated and appointed, shall, in the Absence of the Commissioner so appointing him, be, and is hereby vested with the same Powers and Authorities as such Commissioner is or shall he vested with by virtue of this Act: Provided that no Person whatsoever shall vote or act as Agent for any more than one of the said Commissioners at the same Time.

VI. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid (the Commissioners hereby nominated, and such other Commissioners as shall be respectively named and appointed by the said Lord Bishop of Ely, Dean and Chapter of Ely, Master and Scholars of Saint Peter 5 College, commonly called Peter House, in the University of Cambridge, the Corporation for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and capital Burgesses of the said Town of IPlfbech, or by any of the Commissioners, Proprietors as aforesaid, to act in their Absence, only excepted), shall presume to act as Commissioner in the hxecution of this Act, such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of firry Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, determined by any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eifoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in which Action or Suit it shall oe 3 only

Time md Place of the Meet ng# ot Co i.mUlnn-

What Number shall commute a Meeting Time of fix CL Meeting.

Expences allowed to Commissioners at Meetings.

All Orders, &c. to be made at Meetings only, and not to be altered, unless fivo

CommiTi ,ncra concur.

In case of Death, Ac, of Commissioners, new onea to be cholca.

Bishop of Elf, &c. may nominate Commissioners.

Certain Commissioners may appoint Proxies*

Penalty on Per-so is acting as Com -irltioner# not being qualified.

42*

Commissionert impowered to dig and take Earth from certain Lands, and to set up Mills, and make Bridge*, Ac,

to fell Trees, and remove other Obstructions,

paying for the Damage.

If Parties cannot agree. Damage to be settled by the justice*.

Prorifo#

Saving CJaufc.

C. 66. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

only necessary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant, unless he shall prove in his Defence that he was, at the Time of his so acting, qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, at their Will and Pleasure, to dig up and take Earth from the said Lands and Grounds, so bounded and described as aforesaid, or any Lands and Grounds lying adjacent thereto, or to any of their Works; and to make* raise, and set up, or causetobe made, raised, and set up, supported, widened, and cleansed, all such Mills, Engines, Sluices, Bridges, Tunnels, Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Outlets, or other Works, in, through, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, so abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of them, or in, through, or upon any Part of the North Bank of the said River Nene9 between Guybirn Cross and a certain Lane in Wisbech Saint Peter's called Barton Lane, or in, through, or upon any Part of the West Bank of the said River, from the North Side of the Turnpike House in Wisbech Saint Peter s to the Lands in the Parish of Leve~ rington, as they shall think necessary and convenient for the draining of the Waters from the said Lands and Grounds, so abutted and described as aforesaid, into the said River; and that they the said Conumf-sioners shall have full Power and Authority over all and Angular the said Works so to be made, and also over the Mills already set up for the draining of the said Lands and Grounds, called The White and Red Engines, and the Houses, Drains, Sluices, Tunnels, and other Works thereto belonging, and to alter, repair, rebuild, enlarge, widen, or deepen the same, and also over all and Angular the Tunnels, Sluices, and other Works already made and set up in the Banks of the said River Nene, between Guybirn Cross and Barton Lane aforesaid; and to alter, repair, rebuild, enlarge, widen, deepen, use, or take up the same, as they shall think proper and necessary for the better draining of the said Lands and' Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid; and also shall have full Power and Authority over all and Angular the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Sluices, or other Works of draining, already-made or set up within the Limits of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid; and also to feli and take down all such Trees, Wood, and Bushes, as shall or may, at any Time or Times, be Obstructions or Impediments to the working of the said Mills, or any of them, or to the said Drainage, they the said Commissioners paying to such Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Bodies Corporate, as shall or may have a Right or Property in or to any several Lands and Grounds from which any Earth shall be so dug up or taken, or through or upon which any such Bank, Bridge, Cut, Drain, Dam, Outlet, Mill, Engine, Sluice, or other Work, shall be made or set up, or as shall and may sustain any Damage by the removing of the said Obstructions and Impediments, such Satisfaction for the Damages they shall respectively sustain thereby, as shall be agreed upon by the said Commissioners, and the Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Bodies Corporate, having such Right or Property, or sustaining such Damage as aforesaid 2 And if the said Commissioners, and the said Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Bodies Corporate, having such Right or Property* or sustaining such Damage as aforesaid, cannot agree upon the Value and Amount of the said Damages; then, and in such Case, paying such Satisfaction as shall be assessed by the Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, or the major Part of them, not interested, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Isle, within twelve Months next after such Damages shall be done; and such Justices are hereby authorised to examine into, hear, and determine, the Value and Amount of such Damages upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, and their De* terminations shall be final and conclusive to all Parties: Provided that if, before any such Application to the said Justices, the Satisfaction agreed to be paid by the said Commissioners to such Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Bodies Corporate, as shall or may have such Right or Property, or sustain such Damages as aforesaid, shall be by the said Justices adjudged a sufficient Recompence for the Damages which such Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Bodies Corporate, shall or may sustain thereby; then, and in such Case, the Costs and Charges of such Application to the said Justices shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Bodies Corporate, making such Application; such Costs and Charges to be ascertained and taxed by the said Justices to whom such Application shall be made.

Vill- Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any Power or Authority to the said Commissioners to make or widen any Cut, or set down any Sluice, or other Work, in or through the Banks of the said River, or either of them, or in or through the Turnpike Road, without making good such Part or Parts of the said Banks or Road where the said Cut, Sluice, or other Work shall be made, and maintaining and supporting the same so long as the said Cut, Sluice, or other Work shall continue; or to alter, take up, or disannul any Sluice, Cut, or other Work, made or to be made, in or through the said Banks, or either of them, without making good the Breaches occasioned thereby; or to set up, or have any other Mill or Mills (other than and except the said IVbiu and Red Engines)| for the carrying of the Waters from the said Lands and Grounds, so abutted and described as aforesaid, into the said River, through any other Part of the Banks of the same than such Part thereof as is situate between Guybirn Cross and Btvis Hall; or to remove the said White and Red Engines, or either of them, from the respective Places where they now stand; and that no Earth shall be taken for any Purpose whatsoever from any Place or Places within sixty Feet of Alurrow Bank, or of any of the Banks of the said River Nene; and also that no Earth shall be taken from any of the adjacent Lands and Grounds, unless the said Lands and Grounds, so described and abutted as aforesaid, shall be overflowed with Water in such Manner that Earth cannot be had or taken therefrom within fifty Yards of the Place where the said Earth is to be laid by virtue of this Act.

IX. And, for the preventing of the Waters in the said Drain from overflowing the Banks thereof, or running too high between the White and Red Mills, to the Damage of the Lands lying on each Side thereof, in the Parish of Leverington and in The Nine Hundred,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid*

That

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. 425

How Earth mvf be taken a way to widen the Drain at Tun Green* See.

Commissionert

impowered to support the Bank from Mnr« row Bank to the 4Vhi«e Engine*

That in case the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times make any Alteration in the Dimensions if the White of the said White Mill, by enlarging the same, then, and in such Caur, the said Commissioners shall *"!*/*«

also enlarge the said Red Mill proportionably, and so as to exceed the Dimensions of the said White Mill 'obeaifoca* in such Proportion as Sea Mill* usually exceed the Dimensions of Land Mills; and that an Overfall of Urged.

Brick shall be set up and built near the said White Mill, of such Height, and in such Manner, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary for the effectual flopping of the said Waters, and preventing their overflowing the Banks of the said Drain, or running too high in the same, to the Damage of the said Lands on each Side of the said Drain.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times think proper to widen the said Drain between the Poor Houses at or near Tun Green, in the Parish of Leverington, and the Turn of the said Drain near Little Dowgate^ then the said Commissioners shall take the Earth from each Side of the said Drain in an equal Proportion, except at such Places where the taking of the Earth from each Side thereof will interfere with private Property, and there the Earth shall be taken on that Side of the said Drain where the taking thereof will not interfere with such Property,

4 XL And, forasmuch as the Preservation of the said Lands and Grounds, so abutted and described as aforesaid, in a great Measure depends upon the keeping of a sufficient Bank between the said Lands and Grounds and the Common of Leverington^ and Leverington Parson Drove, and therefore the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, notwithstanding the said Bank is now repaired, supported,

and maintained, by the Land Owners of Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove aforesaid, are desirous of taking upon themselves the Burthen and Expence of railing, supporting, and maintaining the same*

V'frona Murrow Bank to the White Engine ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, at their Will and Pleasure, to amend, raise, support, maintain and keep, at their own Expence, the said Bank, from Murroxu Bank aforesaid to the White Engine, of a Height and Breadth sufficient for the Defence of the said Lands and Grounds, so described and abutted as aforesaid, against the Waters of Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove; and that they the said Commissioners for the amending, raising,

[Proviso.]

Supporting, maintaining, and keeping up of the said Bank, shall, and lawfully may, from Time to Time, and at all Times, enter upon the said Common, and take from thence all such Earth as shall be neceflaty and wanting for the amending, raising, supporting, maintaining, and keeping of the said Bank of the said Height and Breadth, without paying or making any Recompence for the same: Provided that no Earth shall be taken for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, at a greater Distance than thirty Feet fiorn the Brink of the present Drain running between the said Lands and Grounds and the said Common,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall he, and Bridget to b« they are hereby authorised and directed to lay down Bridges in all Places where all or any of the Drains prov ed where already cut and thrown out, or to be cut and thrown out, under and by virtue of this Act, shall cross netefl*ry« afiy Road or publick Highway, and the said Bridges to support and keep as publick Bridges, for the Passage of Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages of all Sorts.

Alii. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietors of the Lands lying on HlieNorth Side of the said Drain, between Little Dowgate and the Red Mill, shall and may have a Pafi-sage into their said Lands over the said Drain, for Horses, Carts, and Carriages; and shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times, have free Liberty to lay Bridges, or raise Arches, over any Part or Parts thereof, between Uttle Dowgate aforesaid and the Red Mill, for such Passage, and from Time to Time to repair, amend, and keep up the said Bridges and Arches, provided that they the said Proprietors do not thereby, or by Means thereof, lessen or narrow the said Drain, or choak or fill up the same with Earth, Bricks. Rubbish, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall and rriay, and are hereby impowered to make such Orders, and give such Directions, for the said several Works of Draining, and for the managing, maintaining, and supporting of the same, as they shall think fit; and shall and may appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and such other Officers, for the making and taking Care of such Works, and for the collecting of the Rates and Assessments to be laid and assessed for the making and supporting thereof, or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and shall and may allow such Officers, and every of them, reasonable Salaries for their Trouble; and shall and may, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, remove any such Clerks, Collectors, Receivers, or Officers, and appoint others in the Places of such of them as shall be so removed, and in case of the Death of any of them, in the Place of such of them as shall so die; and that every Collector and Receiver, so to be appointed as aforesaid, before he or they shall act in the Execution of his or their Office, shall give such Security to the said Commissioners for therdue Execution of the same, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and shall account and produce his or their Vouchers for all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall receive or pay by virtue of their said Office, at the said General Meeting in every Year and pay over the Balance of such Accounts remaining in his or their Hands, if any such there be, into the Hands of the said Commissioners there assembled, or as they, or the major Part of them, shall direct or appoint.

XV. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, shall neglect or refuse to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected or received in pursuance of this Act, at the said General Meeting in every Year, or to pay over the Balance remaining in his or their Hands to the said Commissioners then and there affexnbled; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for two of the Justices of the Peace for the said 1JU gf Ely% or for the County where such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or

Proprietor* of Lands lying oa the Nor h Side of the Drain between Little Dowgate and the Red Mill to have free Passage over the same.

Commissioners Power respecting the Works, and appointing of Officer*, See,

Collector* *nd Receivers to gire Security, and to account at the General Meeting.

How Officers re-fufng to account may be punished.

426

Acre Taxes to be ma !e, and 1A what Proportions.

Prrviso respect* ing a Pla e ca 1-ed The Nipe Hundred.

1.an-l* to be aicafarcd.

Tenants to pay the Tax,

and to deduct it from thair Rent.

Certain Persons

»< t intitled to deduct the Tax.

If Person* m?ke Prfaul* in Payment of Taxes, how they may U recounted.

C. 66. Anno dechno quinto Georgii IIIt A.D. 1775.

Receivers, shall reside, to inquire of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal; and if any such Collector or Receiver shall be convicted thereof, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that then the said Justices shall respectively, upon such Conviction, commit the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to the Common Gaol of the said Isle or County where such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, shall reside, there to rerqain until he or they shall have made a full, true, and perfect Account and Payment, as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfuj to and for the said Commissioners, at their first Meeting after the passing of this Act, and from Time to Time, at their General Meeting in every succeeding Year? to assess, rate, tax, and charge, all and every of the Owners and Occupiers of all and Angular the said Lands and Grounds, so defenbed and abutted as aforesaid, by proportionable Acre Taxes, in such Rates or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, *nd that the said Rates or Sums of Money so assessed shall be paid as soon after the assessing and charging thereof as conveniently maybe: Provided that no such Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, shall at any Time, during the first five Years after the passing of this Act; exceed the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence an Acre in any one Year, or in any one Year afterwards two Shillings an Acre; and that no such Ash ffment, Rate, or Tax, be in any one Year less than one Shilling an Acre, so long as any Sum or Sums, of Money shall he due and owing thereupon.

XVII. Provided also, That the Acre Tax for each and every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds lying in a Place called The Nine Hundred, in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, shall not exceed in any Year the

fourth Part of the Acre Tax to be rated, aflHTed, and charged on the Owners and Proprietors of the other Lands and G ounds intended to be drained by virtue of this Act; and that no Acre Tax shall be laid for and in respect of the said Lands in The Nine Hundred, at such Time as an Assessment shall not be made for or in respect -of the said other Lands.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the first Day of September, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or as soon after as conveniently may be, all and Angular the said Lands and Grounds, as well those called The Nine Hundred^ as the said other Lands and Grounds, shall be truly and distinctly surveyed and measured by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, at any of their said Meetings, (half nominate and appoint; and that such Survey shall be put into Writing, and shall contain the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to each of the said Proprietors, and two Maps made thereof, and deposited in the Parish Churches of Wisbech Saint Peter'} and Wisbech Saint Mary's aforesaid; and that such Survey shall, as foofl as may he after the same shall be completed, he verified at any of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, by the Oath of such Person or Persons as shall fomake the lame; which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is or are hereby impowered to administer; and that the said Maps shall be a fuf-(icient Warrant and Authority to the said Commissioners to ascertain and determine the Quantity of the said Lands and Grounds so to be measured as aforesaid, belonging to each of the Owners and Proprietors thereof.

XIX. And, to the End that the said Rates and Taxes may be more easily and effectually collected and received/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, who shall be fa assessed and rated as aforesaid, shall and are hereby authored and required to pay all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so assessed and rated on the respective Lands and Grounds in their several and respective Occupations, and todeduft and retain, out of his, her, or their Rent, all such Sum and Sums or Money as they shall so respectively pay as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords or Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of their said Rent; and every such Tenant or Occupier, paying such Assessment or Rate, shall he acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Assessment or Rate so to be paid by them shall amount to, as fully and effectually as if the same had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords*

XX. Provided, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Lessee or Tenant of any Lands or Grounds, charged with the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, who shall hold the same by virtue of or under any Lease from any Bishop, or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement in which, at the Time of the passing of this Act, there shall be more than seven Years to come and unexpired, shall be intitled todeduft the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, chargeable by this Act, or any of them, out of the Rent reserved or made payable by any such Lease or Agreement; but that the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, shall be charged upon and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid; and that all and every Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of any L/.nds or Grounds charged with the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, by virtue of of.under any other Lease or Agreement, in which there shall be seven Years or less to come and unexpired, shall pay such an Advance of Rent as the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall order, as a Consideration for the Benefit which such Tenant or Tenants shall or may receive by Means of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Default shall be made by any Person or Persons assessed, rated, taxed, and charged as aforesaid, in his, her, or their respective Payments, by the Space of twenty Days next after the Time hereby appointed for the Payment thereof, and Demand made by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, by Notice in Writing of such Demand left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who is, are, or ought to pay the same; or, if such Person or Persons shall not have any Place of Abode within the Parish in which such Lands or Grounds, for or in respect of which he, she, or they shall be assessed and rated as aforesaid, shall lie, then after Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, by Notice in Writing of such Demand affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish where such Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, shall lie, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collector*, Receiver or Receivers,

of

427

A.D. 1775. Anno decimo quinto Georgir III. C

wr any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to make and give, as there shall be Occasion}, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds so rated and taxed as aforesaid, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages or Tenements thereupon (landing, and to levy the Sum and Sums of Money by him. her, or them payable for such Rate or Tax, by Distress of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall be there found; and in case no sufficient Distress can be there Manner of Profound, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector and Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other ceeding, when Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy all Arrears of the said Rates or Taxes by Distress of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, of the Person and Persons so making Default in oa

Payment as aforesaid, which shall be found in any other Place in the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, to impound on the Messuages or Lands where the same shall be found, or to take, lead, drive, or carry away, and the same to keep Tor the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress at the Messuage or Tenement, if any there be, belonging to the said Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, and for Want of such Messuage or Tenement, at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who is, are, or ought to pay the said Rates or Taxes} but if such Person or Persons shall not have any Place of Abode within the Parish in which the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, for or in respect of which he, she, or they, shall be so assessed and rated as aforesaid, shall lie, then affixing such Notice upon the Church Door of the Parish where such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, shall be so taken inDiftrefi; and if the Owner or Owners of the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Charges of such Warrant, and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the same, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so distrained, according to the Taws now in Force for the Non-payment of Rent, within the said five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, so distrained, shall be appraised by two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorisea and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose), to appraise the same, according to the best of their Judgment; and that, after such Appraise-ment as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, shall be sold by the said Collector or Collector$,

Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Charges, and also of the Charges of appraising and felling such Distress} and that the Overplus arising from such Sale, if any be, after Payment of the said Sum or Sums so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and the said Charges, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Lindi aattasafe Lands and Grounds, abutted or described as aforesaid, shall, at any Time hereafter, be untenacted olr to ienuiii a unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be made for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the

Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Goods,

Chattels, and Cattle, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained.

Impounded, kept, and fold, in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges incident to such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXIII. And, forasmuch as the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, so to be charged and collected as aforesaid*. will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expence of making the several Works necessary Money mty bt c for the speedy Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds,9 be it further enacted by the Authority borrowed, not aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, pursuant to an Order for that Purpose, to be made at any of the said General or other Meetings to be held as aforesaid, at which seven Commission'ei's shall be present and concur, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of six thousand Pounds, which they shall think necessary for the making, carrying on, and maintaining the said Works, and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or affirn the said Assessments, and the Rates Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, so to be rated, taxed, and charged, or any Part thereof (the Costs mzJ and Charges of such Mortgage or Assignment to be paid out of the said Taxes), for any such Time or f°*

Number of Years, and in luen Manner and Form, as to the said Commissioners, or any two or more of *

them, shall seem meet, as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, with Interest for the same, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that Copies of all such Mortgages and Assignments shall be entered in a Book Affifamentt to or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and that it shall bt entered is a and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall Bo*k» be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, by indorsement on his, her, or their Security or Securities, or otherwise, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Mortgage or Security, and Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured; and that such Assignment or Transfer and notified to shall be notified to the said Clerk or Clerks, within three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, and the Clerk with!* that the said Clerk or Clerks shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made (containing the Date Mo*the. of such Assignment or Transfer, the Names of the Parties thereto, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred) in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings, and Sixpence, and Ckrjt't Fesw no more} and that after such Entries shall be made, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such Af-signees to the Benefit and Payment thereon; and that every such Assignee shall and may, in like Manner, Assignmenti from Time to Time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein and thereto; and that nuy be tnatfci* all and every Person and Persons, to whom any such Mortgage, Transfer, or Assignment, shall Ik mgde *4

31 as

D by

428

Sxpentes of this Act\ how to be paid.

Rates to be chargeable with Money borrow* td.

Transfer! or

01 her Securities' may be without Stamps.

Penalty on Persons wilfully de* Aroying Mill*, Floodgates, &c*

or permitting Swine to ftsay on the Banks, or set ting Nets in the Drains, &c.

r otherwise damaging any other of the Works.

Rates, Re. to be entered in Books#

Receipts to be examined annually*

Accounts allow*

ed of to be entered in a Book, "which may be Inspected without Fee*

C. 66. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money; and that the said Money so borrowed shall be applied in Manner hereafter mentioned, (that is to say) in the first place, towards paying and discharging the Costs, Charges, and Expences of.obtaining and passing this Act, and then in making, effecting, and maintaining the said Works of draining and improving the said Lands and Grounds fa abutted and described as aforesaid, and to and for no other Use, intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all and singular the said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, by virtue hereof to be assessed and paid by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, shall be charged and chargeable in Manner before mentioned, with and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and th? Interest thereof, and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof 5 and the said Creditors respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money payable as aforesaid, by the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Collector or Collectors, would have had, in case the said Principal Money and Interestr had been regularly paid and satisfied.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mortgage, Transfer, or other Security, for the borrowing of any Money, or Assignment of such Mortgage or Security, Information, Process, Warrant, Judgment, Appointment, or other Writing, in pursuance of, oc relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, wilfully and maliciously cut, thrbw down, burn, or otherwifir destroy, any Bank, Mill, Engine, or Flood-gate, already made and erected, or which at any Time hereafter shall be making and erecting, or made and erected, for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawfully con* vifted, shall be guilty of Felony; and liable to be transported as a Felon for seven Years; and that if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, permit or suffer his, her, or their Hogs or S wine to stray upon any of the said Banks made and raised by virtue of this Act, or shall set down any Nets or Engines for the catching of Fish in any of the Drains thrown out for the Purposes aforesaid; or shall dig or arrow out any Pond or Watering rn any of the said Lands and Grounds to described and abutted as aforesaid, within forty Feet of any Drain already made, or to be made, and used for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds as aforesaid $ or shall at any Time hereafter maliciously destroy*, flop, dam up, spoil, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Sluice, Tunnel, Door, Dam, Heading, Bridge* or other Work or Works, made or to be made, or set up ancT used for the said Purposes of draining; alt and every such Person and Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, or for the County where such Person or Persons shall reside (who are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the same, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, to the said Commissioners for the same Purposes for which the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, of all and every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices 5 and that in Default of such Distress or Payment, the Person or Persons so offending shall be committed by such Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, not exceeding three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices by whom such Commitment shall be made.

XXVII. And, to the End that it may appear clearly what is raised from Time to Time by virtue of the said Assessments or Rates, and how the same have been from Time to Time applied, and that alt Accounts of the Monies raised and disbursed by virtue of this Act may be fairly examined ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall order and cause a Book of Assessc ments to be made and kept, and all the Rates and Assessments made as aforesaid, under this Act, to be fairly entered therein; and also shall order and cause a Book of Accounts to be made and kept, and an Account of all the Receipts and Disbursements of the Monies received and disbursed, by virtue of this A to be fairly entered in the same; and that no Account shall be passed and allowed, unless the same shall be kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid; and that once in every Year, to wit, at the said General Meeting, they the said Commissioners shall carefully examine all Receipts and Disbursements of all such Monies as shall be collected, received, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, to the Ladyday next before such Meeting, and all Vouchers relating to the same; and that upon Inspection and Examination of the said Accounts, upon Oath, to be administered by one or more of the said Commissioners (which Oath any one or more of them is or are hereby impowered to administer), the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby impowered and directed to allow and pass the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall appear to them just and reasonable; and the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by them the said Commissioners; and that the said Book or Books shall or may be inspected and perused, at all seasonable Times, determined by any Owner or Owners of the said Land? and Grounds so abutted and bounded as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, without Fee or Reward.

A.D. 1775. Anno clecimo quinto Georgii III. c. .66.429

XXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aftrcsaid, That all'Orders and Pros- Proceeding* of ceedings of the said Commissioners shall be entered in a Book or Booics to be kept for that Purpose; snd

that inch Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be figoed by the Commissioners then present, or the gn00£*n *r major Part of then?, and that such Orders so signerj shall be deemed and t:d:en to be original Orders, as fully and effectually as if the same were under the H inds and Seals of the said Commissioners; and that such-Book or Books shall and may be inspected and perused, at all seasonable Times, by any Owner or Owners of the said Lands or Groan is so abutted and bounded as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance and by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners or Occupiers of the How Outruig

said Lands and Grounds so defenbed and abutted as aforesaid, shall make, and from Tune to d ime, and Division Dikes at all Times hereafter, maintain and keep all the Outring or Division Dikes of or belonging to their said respective Lands and Grounds nine Feet wide, and of a sufficient Depth from the level Soil; and shall 9

from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, cause the said Dikes to be well and sufficiently roded,

scoured, and cleansed from Weeds, and other Rubbish and Obstructions 5 and also cause Bridges or 'Funnels to be laid over the said Dikes, of such Dimensions, and at such Places, as the said Commissioners, at any of their said Meetings, shall judge proper and necessary for the better issuing, running, and conveying away of the Waters therein, and maintain and keep the said Bridges and Tunnels in Repair: And that if If Ownerr re* ony such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make or keep such Dikes of the Dimensions afore- f*k l# fcdur* said, or to rode* scour, or cleanse the same from Weeds, or other Rubbish or Obstructions, or to laydown ^lObihu^ToaT or repair such Tunnels or Bridges as aforesaid, after fourteen Days Notice in Writing under the Hands of u 10 r

any two or more of the said Commissioners to him or her given, or left at his or her usual Place of Abode; or, in case he or she shall not at that Time have any Place of Abode within the said Parish where such Lands shall lie, to which such Dikes, Bridges, or Tunnels, shall appertain or belong; then, after affixing such Notice on the Church Door of the Parish where such Lands shall lie, the said Commissioners (haW Commissionei*. and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be done in a proper and efo c*afe the factual Manner, and, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower their Collec- ^Tict die"* for br Collectors, or any other Person or Persons, to levy and raise the Money expended in the doing M&neyTxpcn<k* thereof, by Distress and Sale of such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, as shall it any Time thereafter be found by Distrest, ‘ on the Lands and Grounds to which such Dikes, Bridges, or Tuonels, shall appertain or belong 5 and th.»t the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant shall be directed, shall and may levy the Money so expended by Distress and Sale of the same Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, together with all incident Charged, in the same Manner ;t; the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, herein before mentioned, are hereby directed to be levied, rendering the Overplus, if any there be, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rights, Powers, and All- Right* of Cun» ftioritie?, as the Commissioners of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, have at any Time or Times heretofore had or exercised over the said Lands and Grounds so described and abutted at fbefe'l^Y aforesaid, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, shall from henceforth ccife* and

be utterly void and determined.

XXXI. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, fit be construed to extend, to invalidate. Not to invalidiw le(Ten, diminish, or take away the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, now vested in the said Commission- the Halfpenny ers of Sewers, for the railing of the Rate or Tax known by the Name of The Halfpenny Acre Slwt, upon A«w Shi*

or from the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, or any of them; or for the raising of any Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, upon or from the said Lands and Grounds so abutted and described as aforesaid, for the repairing, maintaining, and supporting of the Bank or Banks running from Clozvcs Cross to Guyhirn Cross, and from thence to Ulfbech Bridge, and so to a Place called The Horftjhocr in the Pan(h of Leverington, in the said Isle of Ely, but that the said Lands and Grounds shall still remain charged and chargeable with the said Rate or Tax known by the Name of The Halfpenny Acre Shot, and also charged and chargeable with the Repairs of the said Bank, in such Proportion, Manner, and Form* as before the passing of this Act the said Lands and Grounds have been used to be charged towards the said Repairs; and that the said Commissioners of Sewers shall have full Power and Authority to assess, rate* and tax the said Lands and Grounds respectively, for and towards the Lid Halfpenny Acre Shot, and for and towards the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, in Proportion and Manner herein before mentioned and shall have the same rowers and Remedies for the recovering and compelling Payment of the said Halfpenny Acre Shot, and also of the said other Rates and Assessments to be by them imposed on the ford Lands and Grounds, for the repairing of the said Bank or Banks, which they have heretofore had and exercised by or under any Law or Commission of Sewers whatsoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the several Dike Reeves, and other Officers DfkeReeresvfl* acting under the Power and by the Authority of the Commission of Sewers for the Hundred of JV'tJbcch and dcr Commission-Parts adjacent,‘shall collect and receive all such Rates and Assessments as shall have been by the said Power of * and Authority laid upon the said Lands and Grounds so described and abutted as aforesaid, or any of them, colldeft. al* before the passing of this Act; and the said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments (except the Rate or Tax

known by the Name of The Halfpenny Acre Shot, and also except the Rates and Assessments laid for the

repairing and maintaining of the Bank or Banks running from Clovjes Cross to Guyhirn Crtfs, and from

thence to Wisbech Bridge, and to a Place called The Horseshoe, in the Parish of Lever ihgt on), apply, in the and how tot*

first place, towards reimbursing themselves all such Sums of Money as shall have been laid out and ex- pplica.

pended by them, or any of them, upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof* at the Time

of the passing of this Act, under and by virtue of the said Power and Authority, and shall have the same

Remedies for the compelling of the Payment thereof as they, or any of them, bad before the passing of

430 C. 66. Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1775.

this Act; and that they the said Dike Reeves and Officers, after reimbursing themselves such Sums of Money so laid out and expended as aforesaid, shall pay the Overplus of such Rates, Taxes, and Assessments (except as before excepted), to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, to belaid by force and virtue of this Act, and to be by them applied to and for the Purposes thereof: Provided that the same be collected and received by the said Dike Reeves and Officers of Sewers within six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

[Limitation of Actions.]

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the FaS committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid, had, and brought in the said Isle of Ely% or in the County of Cambridge 5 and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin justify*and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and shall and may, without Specially pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been io done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any other County or Liberty than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if a Verdict shall pass, or upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; that then, or in any of these cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for the same as where Costs by Law are awarded.

Reserving Rights

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein con* '*a*nc<* shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lefien, diminish, alter, or take away any 0 oeatoraLev. of tkc Rjgj,t8> Powers, or Authorities, vested in the Governor, Bailiffs, or Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs,

and Conservators, by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens$ called Bedford Level, or by virtue -of any other AS or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which, by virtue of the said Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other AS or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators. or any of them, shall, for ever hereafter, remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully And amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

---

[Publick Act.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno decimo quinto GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the FIRST Session of the

FOURTEENTH Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

Vol. XII.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 15 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to allow the Importation of Indian Com and Maize, under certain Restrictions.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

4. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

5. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, as relates to Wool Cards used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse.

8. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

9. An Act to amend an Act, made in the ninth Year the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

10. An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the Wesi Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Placed therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

---

11. An Act to amend an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, For improving and, cow pie ting the Navigation of the River Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Crick lade, in the County of Wilts.

12. An Act to enable the Commissioners, acting by virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, For draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level <tf the Fens, called Bedford Level, and divers Lands* adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; to charge further Taxes upon the said North Level, and the said adjoining Lands.

13. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of East and West Flegg, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual reventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen. Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair% and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations, of journeymen Dyers and journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages.

15. An Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's Dominions in America an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Ad for punishing Mutiny and Dfrtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and for extending the Privisions of the said Act to his Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

16. An Act to enable Sir Nigel Gresley Baronet, i+r~cl \ rBou>yer Gresley Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a navi;able Cut or Canal from certain Coal Mines in Apedale to Newcastle under Lyme, in the Coumy of Stafford.

17. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and forgiving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns whose Ad millions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been Jod or miHaid 5 and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

18. An Act to redrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Caiohna, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

19. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or th' Xord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due to hte Majesty from William Williams, deceased.

20. An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts. passed in the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-Firry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Run corn Gap.

21. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse in the said Parish.

22. An Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors, for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Re-gider of the said Court.

23. An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerk etiw ell, in the County of Middlesex.

24. An Act for incorporating certain Persons, for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen within the County of Huntingdon.

25. An Act for taking down the Common Gaol of the County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaol in a more commodious Situation. t6. An Act for appointing Commissioners so* putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain* for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventyfve.

27. An Act for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages

used in loading Coals on Board Ships at the everal Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as sit the Port* of Newcastle, and Sunderland.

28. An Act for altering, explaining, and amending several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters.

29. An Act to repeal two Acts made in the Parliament of Scotland, the twenty-eighth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and thirty-once, intituled, Act orient the 'C/JfrGregaur, and the fifteenth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three, intituled. Act for the Justiciary in the Highlands, so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament of the twenty-sixth Day of April, one thousand six hundred and sixty-one, relative to the People called Alae Gregours.

30. An Act for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or (lamp the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his Office.

31. An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Eufope, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season.

32. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the thirty first Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth. (intituled, An Act against the eroding and maintaining of Cottages.)

33. An Act for settling Buckingham House with the Appurtenances upon the Queen, in case (he shall furvire his Majesty, in lieu of his Majesty's Palace of Somerset House \ for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by S^le thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and eft iblifoing publick Offices in Somerset House, and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames lying within the Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for encouraging the Manuf iftures of Rape Oil, and other vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported From Ireland; and for allow ing the free Importation of Rape Cakes for Manure from Ireland to this Kingdom.

35. An Act to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom for a limited Time.

36. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to iffite his Warrants to make out new Writs for tire Choice of Alernbers to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament; and for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room f such Members as shall during the Recess of Parliament become Peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament*, and for suspending the Execution of the said Act with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament.

37. An Act to permit the Importation of painted Earthen Ware (except Galley Tiles), the Manufacture of £*-rope, to be sold in Great Britain, and for charging the same with a Duty ad valorem.

38. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

39. An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to administer Oaths where any Penalty is to be levied, or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, wherein the same is not expressly directed.

40. An Act for amending and explaining an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charge^ of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in America.

41. An Act for redeeming the Sum of one Million of the Capital Stocks of three rounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

42. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

43. An Act for Lighting and Watching the Hamlet of High gate in the County of Middlesex.

44. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as obliges the fuJ Company to export annually Goods and Merchandises of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Great Britain to their Settlements in the East Indies to a certain Value.

An Act for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements necessary for his Majesty's Forces, paid out of his Majesty's Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve, and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time.

46. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Fiftoeries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and a!so within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

47. An Act for enabling his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

48. An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, For laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped, for Salt) within the Town of Anstruther Easter, and Liberties thereof.

49. An Act for taking down the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Fulbourne, and County of Cambridge; and for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Church of Saint Vigors in the said Town.

50. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish.

51. An Act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

52. An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent*, granted by his present Majesty to William Cookworthy of Plymouth, Chymist, for the lole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Campion of Bristol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry* the said Discovery into effectual Execution for the Be* nefit of the Publick.

53. An Act for enabling the two Universities in England), > the four Universities in Scotland, and the several Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and IFinchefer, to hold in Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, given or bequeathed to the said Universities and Colleges for the ~ Advancement of useful Learning and other Purposes of Education; and for amending so much of an Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the Delivery of Books to the Warehouse Keeper of the Stationers Company, for the Use of the several Libraries therein mentioned.

54. An Act for paving and regulating* and for preventing r. Nuisances and Obstructions within New Gravel Lane, and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint PaulShadwell, in the County of Middlesex, not comprised in an Act passed in-the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign* for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned.

---

55. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground\. for the Use of the said Parish.

56. An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant-general of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices; in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane; and for other Purposes.

57. An Act for Watering Piccadilly, from the End of Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex

58. An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and publick Passages, within the Town of Hampstead, and Parts adjacent within the Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein, and a Patrole between the said Town and London.

59. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for extending the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow and the Privileges thereof, over the Town of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh Water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said two Towns; for erecting publick Markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

---

61. An Act for vesting in James Watt, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Afligps, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described in the said Act, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

62. An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier at the Town of Mtvagifpy, in the County of Cornwall

63. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll.

64. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elioe, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey. Bury, IViftow{ Warboys, Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

66. An Act for draining and preservine certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

67. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the County of Suffolk.

6#. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in an Act, made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Crofti in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk \ for repairing the Road branching out of and leading fiem the aforesaid Road, near The DevHs Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge\ and for repairing the Highway, through the Town of Newmarket to the present Turnpike Road, from thence to The ford.

69. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing etnd widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey.

70. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield% in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

71. An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed's Cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blythe Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleston, through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh.

---

72. An Act for continuing and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Albans in the County of Hertford.

73. An Act to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the tenth, thirteenth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick; and for more effectually amending the said Highways.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 15 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Jacob Henry Suwe.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Flintham, in the County of Nottingham.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures within the District of Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common, Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlet of Burcot and Parish of Dorchester, in the County of Oxford.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford.

---

6. An Act to enable James Greenalgh, heretofore called James Styth, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the Will of William Greenalgh deceased.

7. An Act for naturalizing George Ernst de Hahn.

8. An Act for vesting the Estate of Christopher Whichcote Esquire, and Jane his Wife, situate in the County of Wilts, entailed by the Will of Francis Tregagle Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrance therein mentioned, and for laying out the Remainder in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredia* ments, to be.settled to the same Uses.

9. An Act to enable certain Trustees, named in the Settlement of Sir Stafford Northcote Baronet, deceased, to raise a competent Sum of Money, by Way of Mortgage of Part of the Hereditaments comprised in such Settlement, to be applied in completing the Purchase of an undivided Moiety, or Half-pjrt of the Manor of Iddejley, in the County of Devon, to be settled to the same Oses, and for the like Purposes, as the other undivided Moiety of the same Manor stands limited and charged by the Settlement and Will of the said Sir Stafford Northcote.

10. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Philip Wynell Mayow Esquire, in Ash*brenton alias Ashprington, in Devon, in Trustees, to be sold; and settling other Estates of greater Value in lieu thereof.

11. An Act for vesting certain Estates and Chattels, devised by the Will of Richard Rainsford Esquire, deceased; and Part of certain Estates comprised in a Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Raynsford the younger Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sate in such Manner as in the said Act mentioned.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and a Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Manors of Gooclmanham, in the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Open and Uncultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of Doulting and Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stake Lane, in the County of Somerset.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Potterfpury, and Hamlet of Yardley Gobyon, in the said Parish of Potterjpury, and also a Parcel of Land call ed Kertfon Fields in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Modes, Heaths, and Commons, in the Parish of Hanmer in the County of Flint.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Fulletby, in the County of Lincoln.

18. An Act to enable John Clarke Esquire (heretofore called John Plomer), and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Clarke, pursuant to the Will of Richard Clarke Esquire, deceased.

19. An Act for naturalizing Charles Bigot.

20. An Act for naturalizing Louis Jouenne.

21. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the settled filiate of Sir Jacob Wolf Baronet, in Trustees, to be conveyed to a Purchaser thereof, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses,

22. An Act for declaring certain Lands, allotted to John Harrison Esquire, in the Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, to be of and Freehold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and in-doling certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, raftures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Scaldwell, in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Wolverley, in the County of Worcester

26. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker.

27. An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Hinton Mertell, otherwise Hinton Mar telly in the County of Dorset, belonging to his Majesty, for the Advowson of the Church of r ring ford, otherwise Ferring-ford y in the County of Oxford, belonging to the Right Honourable Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury

28. An Act for exchanging certain Lands and Tenements, Part of the Estates coaiprifed in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Farrington, for certain Lands and Tenements, belonging to the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford \ and also for exchanging certain Mills and Lands thereto belonging, likewise comprised in the said Settlement, for certain Lands and Tenements belonging to John Dilly Gentleman.

29. An Act to confirm a Lease, made by William Lambert, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, to the Right Honourable Edward Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Stanley, of Lands in the Parish of Woodman-Jlern, in the County of Surrey.

30. An Act to enable the Reverend Jolm Blackburn% Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church ot B fatly in the County of Yortr to make and establish. an Exchange of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments,; in the said County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, belonging to Henry Brew-Jler Darley Esquire.

31. An Act to exchange Lands between the Trustees of a certain Charity Eliate at IlanwelL, in the County of Middlesex, and William and Henry Berners, Esquires

32. An Act for effecting an Exchange between John Parker 2nd Montagu Edmund Parkery Esquires, ot Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, and City of Exeter, late the Eftaie of Robert Stone Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof; and to apply the Money arising determined by such Sale in Payment of the Debts of the said Robert Stone, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery.

34. An Act for vesting in Trustees several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Arthuret and Kirk Andrews, in the County of Cumber -landy Part of the Estate of Catherine Widdrington, commonly called Catherine Lady Widdrington, deceased, for a Term of five hundred Years, for railing and paying certain Sums of Money to the Reverend Robert Graham Clerk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Cranford in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Priory in the County of Worcester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bengworth, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin, in the County of Worcester.

39. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement and Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Adlestrop, in the County of Gloucester.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlets or Tithings of Broadwell and Filkins, in the Manor and Parish of Broadwell, otherwise Broadwell Saint John, in the County of Oxford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Closes, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Rollwright, in the County of Oxford.

42. An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis Spitta.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Aubery.

44. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to fell certain Rights of Servitude over Lands, in the County of Argyll, belonging in Property to Hugh Scion Esquire, and Sir James Campbell Baronet.

45. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between John Earl of Breadalbaney and James Menzies of Culdaresy for the Exchange of certain Lands, in the County of Perth.

46. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Essex and Norfolk, being the settled Estates of James Lord Viscount Grimston, of the Kingdom of Ireland\ in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Portions and Incumbrance, and

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Hert-Jordy to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

47. An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Row-Jbam, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee\ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable the Right Honourable Sir John Shelley Baronet, and the Trustees named in the Settlement on his Marriage with Dame Wilhelmina Shelley deceased, his late Wife, to convey Part of the Estates, in the County of Sussex, coroprifed in such Settlement, in Exchange for* or in lieu of, other Estates belonging to the said Sir John Shelley, in the same County.

49. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division, made by and between Sir James Penny man Baronet, Charles Anderson Pelham Esquire, and Michael Newton Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Fork, Lincoln, and Middlesex and City of London, late the Estates of Sir Michael Warton Knight, deceased; and for settling and limiting the entire and specific Parts and Shares, which, upon the said Partition and Division, have been allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

50. An Act for vesting a Freehold Estate, late of Eliah Harvey Esquire, deceased, called Buckhouse, otherwise Munckham, situate in the Parishes of Woodford and Chig-tveil, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell and convey the same as therein mentioned; and for applying the Money arising by Sale thereof for the Benent of Edward Harvey, an Infant, his only Son, and Heir at Law; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

51. An Act to enable Peter Legh Esquire, and the Reverend Ashburnham Legh Clerk, to grant Building and Improving Leases of Part of their settled Estates, within the Counties of Lancaster and Chester.

52. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, Part of the settled Estates of Meliora Diccon-sony the Wife of William Dicconfon Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

53. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedra] Church of Worcester, and Rowland Berkeley Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Tithes, in the Parish of Cotheridge, in the County of Worcester.

34. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Elizabeth Smarty an Infant, in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland,.

55. An Act to subject and charge the Prebend Manor of Mych Milton, in the County of Oxford, and the Lands,

, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of two several perpetual yearly Rent Charges, or annual Payments, to the Reverend John Wheel lony and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Mych Milton aforesaid; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the same, so charged, in the Reverend Charles Sturgesy his Heirs and Assigns.

56. An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Ednamy in the County of Roxburgh, formerly belonging to James Dickson Esquire, deceased, and now to

Captain William Dickjotiy as shall be sufficient for Pity* ment of the Debts afteding the same.

57. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Peacocke Esquire, and Emma his Wife, in the Parish of Llanedwarty in the County of Angleseay in the said William Peacockiy in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said William Peacocke, in the Parish of Per>~ mynyddy in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

98. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Estates late of Robert Doyne Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay oft and discharge all the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances aftedrog the said Estates; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act for vesting the Estates of Edmund Bull Esquire, in the County of Hertford, and City of London, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances; and other Purposes therein expressed.

6o« An Act for vesting in the Reverend William Peacock and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, Part of the Glebe Lands, and the Tithes, of the Parish of Daiby Wijke, and Gaf~ f rton otherwise Yafferton, in the County of York 5 and for settling certain Freehold Estates of the said William Peacock in him and his Successors, Redors of the said Parish, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, devised by the Will of William Pitt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to such of the Uses limited or devised by the said Will, as are, or shall be, capable of taking Efted.

62. An Act to enable Mordecai Greene Esquire, and Mary his Wife, to carry into Execution an Agreement made for and on the Behalf of Alice Bland Widow, deceased, with Ralph Milner; and also to grant Building and Repairing Leases of such Parts of the Estates of the said Alice Bland, as lie in or near the Town of Manchester, and also Leases for twenty-one Years, of other the Estates late of the said Alice Bland.

63. An Act for vesting the Freehold and of Estates, entailed by the Will of William Lock Esquire, deceased, in Trusteis, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities and other Charges thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act for vesting the settled Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Dudley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

65. An Act for vesting certain Parts of divers Messuages, Wharfs, and Hereditaments, callMountague Chfey in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An Act for vesting the several Estates of the late Samuel Heming Esquire, situate in Jamaica, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, for the Payment of the Incumbrances thereon, and of his Debts; and for other Purposes.

67. An Act for inclosing and improving several Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmirey in the East Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hicklingy in the County of Nottingham.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden otherwise Cuttef-den, in the Parish of Bredon, in the County of Wor-after.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fens, Common Meadows, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sfuadring, and in Opuadring Hundred, in the County of Lincoln.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinsley, in the Parish of Greaftey, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Stockham Marsh, in the Parish of Bremhill, in the County of Wilts $ and for exonerating certain old inclosures within the said Parish from the Payment of Tithes.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, of Long Itchington, and Bajcote, in the County of Warwick.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton cum Bound, in the County of Nottingham.

75. An Act for divining and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Knap-welly in the County of Cambridge.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Rrecinfts of Upper Tadmar-ton and Lower Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Han lets of Lea and Marston, in the Parish of Lea Marston, in the County of Warwick; and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdvjoith, in the said County.

79. An Act for dividing and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Common Downs, called Southcott and Kepnell Downy Work Downy and other Commonable Places; and also for dividing and inclosing Pew fey Common, in the Parish of PewJejy in the County of iPilts.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Oxford.

81. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Kildale, in the County of York.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts of Clay-deny in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Todnam otherwise Todenham, in the County of Gloucester.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Alnham Moor or Alnham Common, and also the Infield Grounds of the Township of Alnham, in the Pariin of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwick withUpthorpe. in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Greene Merchant With full an a Greene, otherwise Judge, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act for naturalizing Levina Benjamina Goodrieke.

88. An Act for rendering effectual a Proposal, or Agreement, made between the Duke of Buccleugh and the Lord Bishop of Winchester, for exchanging and enfranchising certain Leasehold and of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish and Manor of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford; and for enabling the said Bishop to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned.

89. An Act for appointing new Trustees, to carry into Execution an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, made in the sixth

Year of the Reign of his present Majest\, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of Washington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for fa~ tisfying the Incumbrances and Portions ajfcCling the fames and the rest of the settled Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, in the Room and Stead of those appointed by the said Act, who are desirous of resigning the Trust thereby reposed in them.

90. An Act for the Sale and Enfranchisement of certain of Tenements and Premises, in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Estate belonging to the Free Grammar School there, for the Purpose of erecting a publick Cloth Hall, and making Avenues or Passages thereto; and for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the said School.

91. An Act to confirm several Building Leases, already granted by the Right Honourable the Earl of Sefton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, of Part of his settled Estates in the County of Lancaster; and to enable him during his Life, and after his Decease the Trustee during the Minority of any Infant, to grant other Building and* Improving Leases \ and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

92. An Act for vesting certain Lands at Hadley, in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of the Reverend Joshua Pulfora Clerk, deceased, in Joshua Freeman and his Heirs.

93. An Act to enable the Reverend Edmund Hodjhon, Rest or of Sjennithorne, in the County of York, to exchange the Tithes of the Townships of Hamby and Sptn-nit borne, for Lands in the Parish of G over ham, in the County of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, to be settled to the same Uses.

94. An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers granted by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah Eaton deceased, and by her devised to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the University of Oxford, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee Simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for indemnifying the acting Trustee or Trustees, appointed under the said Act, for having expended a larger Sum of Money than allowed by that Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Wootion IVawen otherwise Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick.

---

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Sexto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-sixth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; being the second Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. III.

An Act to enable his Majesty for a limited Time to call out and assemble the Militia in all Cases of Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the Parliament in the Cases and Manner therein mentioned.

---

WHEREAS by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, €An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament the several Laws now in being, re- lating to the raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England); it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That in case of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion, it may and shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (the Occasion

being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting, or in being), to order and direct his or their Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants therein mentioned, with all convenient Speed, to draw out and embody all the Regiments and Battalions of Militia of their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places,

or so many of them as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall judge necessary, in such Manner as shall be best adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to direct them to be employed in such Manner as is therein more particularly mentioned: And whereas it might be of great public Utility, that the Militia of this Kingdom should be drawn out, embodied, and employed as aforesaid, upon Occasion of the present Rebellion in America, or of any Rebellion that may hereafter anse in any of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, that his Majesty may be the better enabled to employ his other Forces for the suppressing of such Rebellion, and at the same time to provide for the Defence of these Kingdoms;9 be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases of Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Territories or Dominions thereunto belonging (the Occasion being first communicated, declared, and notified, as in the said Act is provided), it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to order and direct all the Regiments and Battalions of Militia, of the respective Counties or Places in this Kingdom, or so many of them as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall judge necessary, to be drawn out, embodied, led, and employed, in any Parts of this Kingdom, in such Manner and upon the like Terms, Conditions, and Regulations, to all Purposes and Effects whatsoever, as in the said Act are provided in the Cases therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time (in case of any Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain, of any of the Territories or Dominions thereunto belonging) the Parliament shall happen to be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation, as will not expire

[Preamble.]

Act Geo. III. recited.

His Majesty, AC. in case of Rebellion, may em« body the Mill* tiaj

and assemble the Parliament, on giving 14 Days Notice,

43a 0.4,5. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

[Preamble.]

within fourteen ©ays; it shall be lawful for fils Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to iffufc i ProcTamSfioft for the Meeting of the Parliament) upon such Day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen

Days Notice or such Appointment, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet upon such Day, and continue to fit and a ft in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

This Act to

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and

coaturaein Force in Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

fot fcrca Ycm. meat; nQ jonger#

CAP. IV.

An Act for grinting an Aid to fits Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain\ for the Scrtic6 of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six. 4 s.

CAP. V.

An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massacbufet's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies re^ mc^ivily y for repealing riiifna'de in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, /!? discontinue the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Shipping, $ ^G'oo&s, Warcs± and Merchandise, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in ti t Province of Massachufet's Bay; and also ttoo Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the Cases and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS many Persons in the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delaware% Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, have set themselves in open Rebellion and Defiance to the Just and legal Authority of the King and Parliament of Great Britain, to which they ever have been, and of Right ought to be, subject; and Have assembled together an armed Force, engaged his Majesty's Troops, and attacked his Forts; have usurped the Powers of Government, and prohibited all Trade and Commerce with this Kingdom, and the other Parts of his Majesty's Domi-pipps: For the more speedily and effectually suppressing such wicked and daring Designs* and for preventing any Aid, Supply, or Assistance, being sent thither during the Continuance of the said rebellious and treasonable Commotions/, be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this presentParliameny assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Manner of Trade and Commerce is and shall be prohibited with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut r New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delate are, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South ^Carolina, and Georgia; and that all Ships and Vessels of or belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, and all other Ships and Vessels whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, which shall be found trading In any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading, in any such Port or Place* shall become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the Ships and Effects of open Enemies, and shall be so adjudged, deemed, and taken in all Courts of Admiralty, and in all other Courts whatsoever.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act mall extend, or be construed to extend, to such Ships and Vessels as shall be actually retained pr employed in his Majesty's Service, or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with Provisions ior the Use of his Majesty's Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of his Majesty's Troops, provided the Masters of such Ships and ^Vessels respectively shall produce a Licence in Writing, under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Ad-jniral of Great Britain for the Time being, or of three or more Commissioners for the Time being For executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of the Commanders of his Majesty's Fleets or Armies, or of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty's Pplopies or Provinces not herein before mentioned, specifying the Voyage in which such Ship or Vessel /Wall b,e employed, anjd expressing the Time for which such Licence (Hall subsist and he in Force, and also expressing the Quantity.an^ Species of the said Stores and Provisions on Board: And if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, other than Stores and Provisions for his Majesty's Use, or Provisions for the Use of the Inhabitants, of ai^y Town or Place garrisoned and possessed by his Majesty's Troops, shall be found on Board such Ships or Vessels (the necessary Stores for the Ship's Use, and the Baggage of the Passengers, only excepted), in any or either of those cases, the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the Manner herein after directed.

III. And, for the Encouragement of the Officers apd Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War,' be it further enacted, That the Flag Officers* paptains, Comrii&nders, and bther commissioned Officers in his Majesty's Pay, and also the Seamen, Marshes, and Soldiers on Briard, shall have the sole Interest and

All Trade *<)

C#fmx;erce with the rebellious Colonies prohibited, on Pain of Forfeiture of Vessels, Cargoes, &c.

Pmifo*

Properfj of Ji|i f'riiPS vt sted in the Captors.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5,- 4.33

Property of and in all and every such Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandise, which they shall fefze and take (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of ^miralty), to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty shall think fit to order and dirtdl by proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be itl'ued for those Purposes.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Crewi of Prze* <h$ said Flag Officers, Captains, and Commanders respectively, tp cause to be taken, or put on Board any J?ay of fii$ Majesty's Ships or VelJeJs of War, or on Board any other Ships or Vessels, all and every the Matters, Shi>, Crews, and other Persons, who shall be found on Board such Ship and Ships as shall be seized and taken as Prize as aforesaid; and also to enter the Names of such of the said Mariners and Crews, upon the Boole and their Namet or Books of his Majesty's said Ships or Vessels, as they, the said flag Officers, Captains, and Comipand- *nt.erC£ orf she trs, shall respectively think fit; from the Time and Times of which said Entries respectively, the faifl Mariners and Crews shall be considered, and they are hereby declared to belong; to, and to be as much in the Service of his Majesty, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Mariners and Crews had enterejl themselves voluntarily to serve on Board his Majesty's said Ships and Vessels respectively; and also that rt shall and may be lawful to and for the said Flag Officers, Captains, and Commanders respectively, to detain, or cause to be detained and kept, the Matters and other Persons, and also such others of the Mariners apd Crews of the said Prize Ships as shall not be entered upon the Books of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War as aforesaid, in and on Board any Ship or Ships, Veil'd or Vessels whatsoever, yntij the Arrival of such last mentioned Ships or Vessels in some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or in any Port of America not in Rebellion; and upon the Arrival of those Ships or Vessels in any such Port, the Commanders Those, whose thereof are hereby respectively authorised and required immediately to set the said aft* mentioned Mariners Name\ *rc and Crews, and also the said Matters and other Persons, at Liberty on Shore there.^ # ®cntte0" in

V. And, for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination of any Prize, Ship, Great Britain,

or Vefle), Goods, or Merchandises, to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening the Expences that have &c.

been usual in the like cases,' be it further eqa&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judge or Judges judges in Courts of stich Court of Admiralty, or other Person or Persons thereto authorised, shall, within the Space of five of Admiralty, Days ^fter Request to him or them for that Purpose made, finish the usual preparatory Examinations of how to proceed the Persons commonly examined in such cases, in order to Drove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to

inquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not; and that the proper Monition usual in such Cases shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the same, and shall be executed in the usual Manner by the Person or Persons proper to execute the same, within the Space of three Days after Request in that Behalf made; and in case no Claim of such Capture, Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall be duly entered or made in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath, giving twenty Days Notice after the Execution of such Monition; or if there be such Claim* and the Claimant or Claimants, shall not within five pays give sufficient Security (to be approved of by such Court of Admiralty) to pay double Costs to the Captor or Captors of such Ship, Vefle], or Goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful Prize, that then the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty shall (upon producing to him or them the said Examinations or Copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them, upon Oath, all Papers and Writings which shall have been found taken in or with such Capture, or upon Oath made that no such Papers or Writings were found) immediately, and without further Delay, proceed to Sentence, either to discharge a^d acquit such Capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same as lawful Prize, according as the Case shall appear to him or them upon Perusal of such preparatory Examinations, and also of the other last mentioned Papers and Writings found taken in or with such Capture, if any such Papers or Writings shall be v

iound; and in case such Claim shall be duly entered or made, and Security given thereupon according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there shall appear no Occasion to examine any Witnesses other than what shall be then near to such Court of Admiralty, that then such Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Witnesses to be examined within the Space of ten Days after such Claim made and Security given, and proceed to such Sentence, as aforesaid, touching such Capture: But in case, upon making or entering such Claim, and the Allegation and Oath thereupon, or the producing such Papers or Writings as shall have been found or taken in or with such Capture, or, upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear necessary, according to the Circumstances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubt, to have an Examination, upon Pleadings given in by the Parties and admitted by the Judge, of Witnesses that are remote from such Court of Admiralty, and such Examination shall be desired, and that it be (till insisted on, on Behalf of the Captors, that the said Capture is lawful Prize, and the contrary be (till persisted in on the Claimants Behalf; that then the said Judge or Prim to fat ap» Judges shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons to be named by the Parties and ap- praised; pointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge; for which Purpose the said fudge or Judges shall cause the Goods found on Board to be unladen,

and (an Inventory thereof being first taken by the Marshal of the Admiralty or his Deputy) shall cause all such Parts of the Goods and Merchandise as are peri(liable Commodities to be sold by public Sale, for the clear Amount of which only the Captors shall be answerable to the Claimants, and the Remainder of them to be put into proper Warehouses, with separate Locks, of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs and, where there is no Comptroller, of the Naval Officer and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the Party or Parties desiring the same; and shall, after and, on Pirtica iiich Appraisement made, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making of such Claim, proceed giving (efficient to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according s^.ur, ly» to j* to such Acprai ement, in case the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize; and shall also prpceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Captors to pay such Costs as the Court shall think proper, in case such bc;p shall not be condemned as lawful Prize; and, after such Securities duly given, the said Judge or

434

If Claimanti refute such Secure

Prize to be delivered to the Capton.

Books* Papers, Sec, found in any Prize, to be brought into the Admiralty Court, Sec,

All Captures

brought into any of his MsjeOy'i Dominionijn America, to be under the Care of the Collett or See.

[Proviso.]

Any Judge, or Other Officer, neglecting his Duty,

to forfeit 500).

No Register, Sec, in any Court of Admiralty, shall att as Advocate, Sc c.

on Penalty of forfeiting his Office.

Fees to be taken by the Officers in Courts of Vice-admiralty.

Parties difTa'iffed, may appeal to Commissioner?, within 14 Days after Sentence.

C. 5^ Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Judges shall make an interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be actually released or delivered accordingly.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Claimant or Claimants shall refuse to give such Security, the Judge or Judges shall cause the Captor or Captors in like Manner to give good and sufficient Security to piy the said Claimant or Claimants the full Value thereof according to the Appraisement, in case any such Capture or Captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize; and the said Judge or Judges shall thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory Order for the releasing and delivering the same to the said Captor or Captors, or their Agents.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Books, Papers, and Writings, found in any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, shall, without Delay, upon the Oath of the Captor, be brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against in order to Condemnation; but that such only of the said Books, Papers, and Writings, shall be made use of and Mandated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the Proctors of the several Parties, Captors or Claimants, or in case of no Claim, by the Captor or Register, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship or Vessel, and the Cargo thereof, and the Destination of the Voyage.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, in order to be proceeded against to Condemnation in any of his Vice-admiralty Courts, shall, without breaking Bulk, stay there, and be under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or, where there is no Comptroller, of the Naval Officers of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought, and all the Captors thereof, and their Agents, subject to the Directions of the Court of Vice-admiralty, until either the same shall, by final Sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that such interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering of the same unto such Person or Persons, and to be so divided and disposed of, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be iflfued for those Purposes, order and direct.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Captures which shall be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be carried into any of the Colonies or Plantations in America herein before particularly mentioned, during and so long Time as such Colonies or Plantations respectively shall continue in a State of Rebellion.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judge or Judges, or other Officer or Officers, in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Dominions abroad, to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing any of the several Proceedings, Matters, or Things, for, towards, or relating to, condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering, of any such Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited, or as soon as the same ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, all and every such Judge and Judges, and other Officer and Officers, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts in any of his Colonies or Dominions wherein such Offence shall be committed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Register or Deputy Register, nor any Marshal or Deputy.Marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Viceadmiralty whatsoever, shall, cither directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, act or be concerned in any Manner, either as an Advocate or Prodlor, in any Cause, Matter, or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or Courts of Admiralty, to which such Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, shall then belong; and that every Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convidhd, either upon an Information or Indictment), shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment of Register, Deputy Register, Marlhai, or Deputy Marshal, in and belonging to the same Court.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or among all the Judges and Officers of any Court of Vice-admiralty in any of his Majesty's Dominions, for, towards, or relating to, the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as aforesaid, as lawful Prize, above the Sum of ten Pounds, in case such Prize Ship or Vessel be under the Burthen of one hundred Tons, nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the same be of that or any greater Burthen; and that, upon Payment of either of the said respective Sums, as the Case shall require, to the said Judge or Judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fir, among the Officers of such Court, such Judges and Officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every of the several Penalties hereby imposed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and respective Duties or Offices in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid, within the respective Times herein for that Purpose limited.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence given in such Court of Vice-admiralty in any of his Majesty's Dominions, it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said Court of Vice-admiralty to Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining Appeals in causes of Prizes, so as the same be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and good Security be like-wife given by the Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and answer the Condemnation, and also pay Treble Costs, as shall be awarded in case the Sentence of such Court of Vice-admiralty be affirmed; provided that the said Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. 43S

Execution of any

Sentence not to be susper.dfd by reason ot A p-peil, &c«

Persons appealing, See, must enter their Claim.

Penalty on Officers, Seamen,

&c. who flu'! embezzle Money, Jewels, dee* belonging to any Prize.

do, within six Months after Sentence passed, give Notice to the said Court of Vice-admiralty that they have appealed from such Decree to the said Commissioners.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Execution of any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such Appeal, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Court in which such Sentence shall be given, to reftoie. the Ship, Vessel, Goods, or Effects, concerning which such Sentence shall be pronounced, qr the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence so appealed from shall be reversed.

AV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, who was not a Party in the first Instance of the Cause, shall interpose in an Appeal from a Sentence given in any Vice-admiralty-Court, such Person, or his or her Agent, shall at the same Time enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall be null and void.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Commanders,

Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, shall break Bulk on Board, or embezzle any of the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, of or belonging to such Prize or Prizes so taken, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier, or others, shall forfeit Treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, as he or they shall embezzle; one-third Part thereof to be to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other two-third Patts thereof to him or them who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appraisements and Sales of any Appraisements Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, as shall be taken as Prizes, shall be made by Agents, *nd Sa, C8

or Persons nominated and appointed in equal Numbers by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or A^entr

Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Ships Company, and others entitled thereunto; (that Jointed by is to say,) That if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or Squadron of Ships as shall take any Flag Officers, such Prize or Prizes, or the Majority of such Flag Officers (if more than one), shall nominate and appoint &c. one or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, to fell or appraise the same as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders, or Captain or Commander, entitled thereunto, or the Majority of them (if more than one), shall nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agent9 to act for them; and all the other Officers under the Degree of a Captain and Commander entitled thereto, or the major Part of them,

shall also nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agents to act for them; and all the Crews of the several Ships Companies of the Fleet or Squadron, or Ship's Company, and others entitled thereto, or the major Part of them, shall likewise nominate and appoint the same Number of Persons or Agents toad in their Behalf in such Appraisement or Sale.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for any Prize or Prizes to be taken by any Ship or Ships, Veiled or Vessels of War, and which Prize or Prizes shall be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of the Courts of Vice-admiralty in any of his Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize or Prizes, and every of them, shall he condemned, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty, or in the respective Courts of Vice-admiralty in any of his Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, for the Space of six Calendar Months next after Sentence of Condemnation of any Prize shall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any Vice-admiralty Court in his Majesty's Dominions for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed

Agent or Agents, such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred or forfeit 500U Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

[Proviso.]

XIX. Provided always, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which shall be taken in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, public Notification or Notifications shall be given and published in such Manner as is herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to say). If the Prize or Prizes shall be condemned in his Majesty's High or other Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the Appraisement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification under his or their Hand or Hands respectively in the London Gazette, and if condemned in any Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty in any other of his Majesty's Dominions, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inferred and published, such Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, in the Gazette, or some other Newspaper of Public Authority, of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall be condemned; and if there shall be no Gazette or such other News-pap-r published there, then in some or one of the mod public News papers of such Island or Place for the Time being; and all Persons or Agents-publishing, or causing to be published, every such. Notification respectively shall deliver to the Collector,.

Agents diall re--giflei their Let* ters of Attorney within six Months after Sentence of Coo* Jemnation.

Manner of gv. *-ing public Noi w ficationt after Sale of Prixeor

Anno decline sexto Georgii III.

43$ C. 5-

A.D. 1776.

Ager.t for Appraifcircnt or Sale of Prizes letting hi* Duty,

shall forfeit iool.

Collector, Cuf-tenv r. See. neglecting his Dutjr,

flail forfcitiool.

Notification* in Gazettes, &c. duly attested and registered,

shall be go-id Evidence in Law, &c.

[Proviso.]

Prizes which had fcem taken from his Majesty's Sobje^i not in Rebellion, 10 be rcilorid to them.

Customer, pr Searcher for the Time being, of his Majesty's Custorps, reftding at, or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies \>f such CoIJecr for, Customer, oi Searcher; and if there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, then such Persons or Agents as aforesaid shall deliver to the Principal Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been condemned, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Principal Officer or Officers, two of the Gazettes or other Newspapers in which such Notification shall be so inferred and published; and if there shall not be any public Newspapers in any such Island or Place, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall give two such Notifications, io Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or, where there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, to such Principal Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies aforesaid; and every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, and Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of both the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively, and by the first Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively) from such Port or Place to any Port of Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, one of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said two Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifi* cations, with his or their Name or Names subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their Custody; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify his or their Place or Places of Abode, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Prize or Prizes to the Captors; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes, which shall be condemned in Great Britain> shall be published in the London Gazette, three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons entitled thereto; and all such Notifications, with resperst -to Prizes condemned in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or Principal Officer or Officers aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes, shall be paid to any Person or Persons entitled thereto: After which several and respective Notifications, if any Men's Shares shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as shall be run from his Majesty's Service, or which shall not be legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Agent, to be appointed for Appraisement or Sale of any Prize or Prizes which shall be seized and taken as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to publish, give or deliver, any Notification herein before directed or required to be published, given, or delivered, before the Payment of any Part of such Prize-money, or in the Manner herein before appointed, or shall not set forth and specify therein the Matters and Things herein before directed to be specified and set forth; every such Person or Agent shall, for every such Offence, forfeit aiyJ pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, ixf arty of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or elsewhere in any of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher, of his Majesty's Customs, or Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newspapers, or written Notification, as aforesaid, in such Manner as is before directed, every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same Manner as the above Penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Notifications in all such Gazettes, News papers, and in Writing respectively, as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the Lid Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand-writing of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, Principal Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from Time to Time, and at all Times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity, that the Person or Persons, whole Name or Names is or are therein set forth and specified as the Agent or Agents for the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such Agent or Agents.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or exempt any Shins, Goods, Wares, or Mer-chandises, which shall be taken as Prize, and brought rr imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being 1 ui*ject to such Restrictions and Regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of th^ Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Goods therein, ioall appear and be proved, in the High Court of Admiralty, or Vice-admiralty Court, to have belonged to any f,( his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Temtories remaining and continuing in their Aliegia* e to the King, and under his Majesty's Protection, which were before taken or surprised by any of his Majesty's

A.D. 1776.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. 437

rebellious Colonies or Plantations before mentioned and at arty Tim£ afterwards atairi surprised irtd retaken From bfe Majesty's said rebellious Colonies or Plantations by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, of Other Ship, Vessel, or Boat* under his Majesty'sProte&ioii and Obedience 5 that then such Ships, Vessels* Briars, and Goods and every such Part and Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Sribjects reiriaining and continuing under his Protection, shall in all Cases be adjudged to be restored*, and shall be, by Decree of the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty Court, accord* irtgiy restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, he or they paying for and in Lieu of Salvage (if tetaiteh from the Rebels) orte-eighth Part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Gdods respectively so to be restored \ which Salvage shall be answered and paid to the Captains, Officers, and Seamen, to be divided In such Manner as before in this Act is directed touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains* Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons belonging to any of his Majesty's 8hi|5s Of Vessels of War, who shall run away or withdraw him or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken, or otherwise, from his Majesty's Service, before or after Notification shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment Of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have, or be entitled ro have or claim, any Ihtcrell in Or Benefit of the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or any Part thereof, but such Share and Shares of such Prize and Prizes shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

XXVI. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall or do run away or withdraw him or them-fdves from arty such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, after Notification given as aforesaid, he and they shall forfeit and iofe such Part of his and their Share and Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, as shall be remaining in the said Agent or Agents Hands at the Time of his or their running away or withdrawing him or khenaselves; any Thing herein befote contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents* and Others, who shall fell or otherwise dispose of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as aforesaid shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize or Prizes, made in pursuance of such public Notification as aforesaid, make Out and transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital of Greenwich for the Time being. Or to such Person or Persons as he shall for that Purpose depute or appoint, a true State and Account in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, of the Produce of all such Prize and Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors as shall then have been really and bona fide by him or them respectively paid; and also that all and every Person and Persons, Agents, and others, that by virtue of this Act shall fell Or dispose of arty Prize or Prizes, which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be raken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, such Person and Persons, Agents, and others, so felling and disposing thereof, shall, Within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Term of three Years limited by this Act, make out an exact Account in Writing of the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, as also of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a true and just Account upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authorised in Writing under his Hand and Seal (which Oath the said Treasurer of the said Hospital, and his sufficient Deputy and Deputies, authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), of all Sum and Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in such Agent or Agents, or Persons Custody, Power or 'Possession, and shall at the Tame time deliver, dr cause to be delivered, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, or to his diffident Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts so attested upon Oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Treasurer, 6r his proper Deputy or Agent, his or their Acquittance or Acquittances for the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and eSrcry Person and Persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to transmit or deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his said Deputy or Agent, within the Time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as is herein before mentioned, or who shall neglect dr refuse to pay over all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall remain in his or their Hand or Hands, Power, Custody, or Possession, after the 7 erm of three Years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above the Money "then in such Agents Hands; one-third Part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two-third Parts to the said Royal Hospital, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, ^>r Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Fraud, Collusion, or Deceit, ‘shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, permitted, or done, or fuft'ered, in making, stating, or balancing, any such Accounts, then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, over and above the Penalties *nd Punishments inflicted by this Act, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one-third Part whereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, and one other third Part to the Use of the said Hospital and the remaining third Part to the Informer who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with Colb of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint,f Or Information, in any Court of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privi* lege, or Wager of Law, 6r more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed*

on Payment of x*8th Part of the Value thereof.

Persone withdrawing themselves from his Majesty* Service, forfeit their Share of Priie-money; which shall be applied to the Vie of Greenwich Hospital* Prorifo.

Ageir*, fah© shall fell any Prize, to transmit to the Trea-furer of Greenwich Hospital a true State of the Produce of such Price, &c*

Person, &c. at-glefting to deliver true Accounts to the Treasurer, &c. or not paying in all Money te. maining in his H?nds after three Years, shall forfeit I02l*

NV» wilful fraud to be used lit balancing At-connW,

6n retoklry

1001.

y

438

Regidori in Court of Admiralty Hull enter all Letter* of Attorney exhibited by Agents, &c. witliix* 14 Days-,

xnd de'.irer Copies thereof twice in every Year to the Treasurer, &c.

-or forfeit ico L

Registers of Admiralty Courts to make out yearly Lists of all Letters of Attorney tegiftered there, and transmit thus to the Treafutcr of Greenwich Ho-fpilal.

on Penalty of 5001.

True Copies of Letters of Attorney, &c. shall be sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Persons to whom they are made*

Agents not liable to be surd by any Person who shall be made run from his Majesty's Service in the Lists of Officers, Seamen, &c. unless he produce a Certificate of his R being taken off.

Pro rife#

This Act not to extend to Vessels which shall have failed for Great Britain or Ireland, from the West Indies, on or before March I, 1776, &c.

C. 5.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and all other Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, shall, from Time to Time, duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or registered, in one or more Book or Books, to behy him or them kept for that Purpose only, all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes which shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War* within fourteen Days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Register or Registers, at his or their respective Offices; which Registry shall contain the Day of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken; and the said Register or Registers shall, on the twenty-sixth Day of March* and the thirtieth Day of September, or within forty Days thereafter, in every. Year, transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy or Transcript, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all such Entries as aforesaid, within the preceding Half-year; and if such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to make and keep such Entries, or to transmit or deliver such Copies thereof as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Register or Registers of all and every the Court and Courts of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Dominions, mall yearly and every Year, upon the twenty-third Day of October, or within three Calendar Months next after the same, make out and transcribe true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall be so registered in the said Court or Courts, to which the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall affix his and their Seal of Office; and then the said Register and Registers shall transmit the same to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to be there registered, and to be inspected by any Person gratis, the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the same to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid; and in case such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in Manner aforesaid (any Ship or Ships in that Time failing from such Port or Place to any Port or Place in Great Britain)* such Register and Registers so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, in whith no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXII. And for the more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That true Copies of such Letter and Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts under Seal, transmitted by the said Register or Registers of the Court and Courts of Vice-admiralty within any of his Majesty's Dominions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to whom such Letters of Attorney is or shall be made; and from Time to Time* and at all Times hereafter, shall be admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all his Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, or arrested, by any Person or Persons who shall be made run from his Majesty's Service, in the Lifts to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, who shall be actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, at the taking of any Prize or Prizes, until the End of three Months next after the Expiration of three Years, limited by this Act for the claiming of Prizes, unless the Person or Persons so made run shall, before any Action brought, obtain a Certificate of his or their R or Rs being taken off, and the Forfeitu e of his or their Share of such Prizes being discharged by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy who subscribed the said Lifts, and shall produce such Certificate to the said Agent or Agents respectively, and unless the said Agent or Agents, on the producing of such Certificate or Certificates, shall refuse to pay the said Prize-money (in case the same be due and payable, according to the Directions in his Majesty's Declaration) within two Months after any such Demand made, and such Certificate produced.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to retrain his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions to his respective Courts of Admiralty and Vice-admiralty, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

XXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel the Property of any Person or Persons residing in the said Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, or any or either of them, which shall have sailed for Great Britain or Ireland, from any British Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, on or before the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, laden with any Goods or Commodities which before the passing of this Act might be so lawfully transported and carried in such Ship or Vessel; nor to any Ship or Vessel the Property of any Person or Persons residing in the said Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. 439

Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, or any or either of them* syhich on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nx, shall have arrived at any of the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the /^g/7 Indies, laden with Lumber and Provisions, or either of them, and, after discharging the same at such Sugar Colony or Plantation, shall, on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, lade and take on Board there, in order to be transported from thence into Great Britain or Ireland^ any Goods or Commodities which maybe lawfully transported from such Sugar Colony or Plantation into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in any other British Vessel, upon Condition that the Master or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived on or before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and shall have been loaded on or before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, shall produce a Certificate, under the Hands and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs for the Port or Place where such Goods shall be laden, certifying that such Ship or Vessel did arrive at such Sugar Colony or Plantation on or before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, laden with Lumber and Provisions, or either of them, as the Case may be; and that, after having discharged the same in such Sugar Colony or Plantation, (he had taken on Board the several Goods therein laden for Great Britain or Ireland respectively, describing the Name and Burthen of the Ship, with the Name of the Master, and the Contents of the Cargo, with the particular Marks and Numbers of the Packages.of each Sort and Species of Goods so laden, the Port or Place where, and the Time when laden, and the Port in Great Britain or Ireland to which the Goods are consigned, and that Bond.and Security has been given for the due landing thereof according to Law; which Certificate such Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, are hereby required and enjoined to give without Fee or Reward.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar the Certificates before Certificate* t# mentioned for such Ships or Vessels as shall be bound to Great Britain and Ireland, shall continue in Force Jontfiin w,nF?rcd for six Months from the Dates thereof, and no longer; and the Master or Person having Charge of such Mater, Coupon Ship or Vessel, upon his Arrival at the Port of his Discharge in Great Britain or Ireland, at the Time he hi* Arrival in reports his Ship, is hereby reauired to deliver up such Certificate to the Collector and Comptroller, or Great Britain or other Principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, on Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds: And if any Ire,*nd> df-Officer or Officers of the Customs shall give or grant any false Certificate, for the Purpose required or rh,*,^cr

directed by this Act, such Officer or Officers shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be ren- CoUcftor? dered incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Office whatsoever; and if any on Forfeiture of Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or faifify any such Certificate; or any Licence required or icol. directed by this Act, or shall knowingly make Use of any false Certificate or Licence, or of any Certifi- Penalty vacate or Licence so counterfeited, eraied, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Ii^ca^cfa^oun-Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and such Certificate or Licence shall be invalid and of terfriting or all no Effect; which said Penalties, if the Tame shall be incurred in Great Britain, or within the British Do- tering any c«r-i^inions in America, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided, paid, and ap- tificate, &c. plied, in like Manner as other Penalties, inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade Prairie* how to or Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, are directed to be prosecuted, sued for* or be recovered, recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in-Force; and if the said Penalties shall be incurred, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the same shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and applied, in such and the like Manner as any Forfeiture incurred by the Laws now in Force in the said Kingdom of Ireland against the running or intending to run Goods into that Kingdom, may, by apy Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force there, be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and applied.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this This Act not to Act shall exceed* or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo thereof, which shall have extend to Vef-been or may be cleared out from any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, before the first Day of January one Jels clg, cdt°Bt* thousand, seven hundred and seventy-six, and shall be bound to any of the British Sugar Colonies in the ta?nor Ireland-West Indies, or which hath been, or may be^so cleared out from the said British Sugar Colonies, and shall before Jan. 1, be bound to Great Britain or Iceland, in case it shall appear by the Register of such Ship or Vessel that Two- <776, and bound thirds at the least of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel are his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain the toot Ireland, or in some of the said British Sugar Colonies; nor to any Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo thereof, if t

which shall be cleared out from any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, after the twentieth Day of January the Owners °aie one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and shall be bound to any of the British Sugar Colonies, or his MajestyV which shall be cleared out after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, Subject* riding from the said British Sugar Colonies, and shall be bound to Great Britain or Ireland, in case it shall appear, *®#Great Br»* by the Oath or Affirmation of one or more of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, to be indorsed on the ' or

Register thereof, to be taken before the Collector t>r other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or U8W

Place where such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out (which Oath or Affirmation such Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, is hereby authorised and required to administer), that Two-thirds at teaft of such Ship or Vessel are the Property of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain or Ireland%' or in fpme of the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations.

XXXVIII. And whereas many and large Debts are now due from the Inhabitants of the North American Colonies herein before mentioned, to divers erf his Majesty's good and loyal Subjects residing in Great Britain; Ireland, and the British Plantations in the West Indies, and many of such good and loyal Subjects may have Estates and Effects in some of the said North American Colonies: And whereas Goods and Merchandise have been or may be shipped or laden in the said Colonies, for and on Account of such Debts, Estates* or Effects, and other Goods and Merchandise may be laden there, and sept from thence*

in consequence of Orders given for that Purpose;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

4*9 c. 5. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Thii not to expend to any Vessel cleared on tr*tn the Co-

If ri 1 c*for Great Brinin, &c. on O' b fwie Jjn. I, 1776 j m r co Coo^s ihi prd for Remittances to Great Britain, &c. before Dec. t>, 177J.

Kot to extend to any Vessel the Property of the Colonial, which on or before Jan. 1, 1776, dbalt hare failed from any Port in Europe where ifce might law* fully trade. See,

Norlo any Vesstl belonging to the ffland of Nantucket, employed in the 'Whale Fiiheiy, and fi red out be fore Dec. f,

>7rs» &c.

Seising of Person1, Vessel*, dec, during the Re* betlion, and before the passing of this Act, ftu'l be doomed legal. Limitation of Actions.

Ccaeral Idue.

Treble Coda,

Adlf 14 Geo. III.

1 s Geo. III. Ubp. 10.

and« 5 Geo. III. Cap it.

repealed.

Gomaencemeat t Ua Act.

That nothing in this Act contained shall extend* or be construed to extend* to any Ship or Vessel which shall have cleared out and failed from any of the said Colonies for Great Britain, Ireland% or any of the British Plantations in the West Indies, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fevertty-six; nor shall extend* or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Goods or Merchandise, or EffeCls which shall be laden or shipped on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of the said North American Colonies on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, as a Re* miuance to any of his Majesty's Subjects re Tiding in Great Britain* Ireland* or the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies* for or on account of any such Estates* Effects* or Debts* or in consequence of any Orders given for that Purpose* before the twenty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, provided Proof thereof shall be made, on Oath of the Parties to whom such Goods, Merchandise, or Effects, shall be consigned, Or otherwise to the Satisfaction of the Judge or Court before whom any Seizure of such Goods* Merchandise* or Effects, shall be depending* any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel the Property of any Person or Persons residing in the said Colonies of New Hampshire* Majfach ufet's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut New York, New Jersey, Penhlvania% the three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland* Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, which on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six shall have failed from any Port or Place in Europe where such Ship or Vessel might lawfully trade; or which on or before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six shall be actually laden in any such Port or Place for Great Britain or Ireland, with such Goods and Merchandises as such Ship or Vessel might lawfully so transport; nor to any such Ship or Vessel as shall, on the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, remain in any Port of Great Britain or Ireland\ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel being the Property of any of the Inhabitants of the Island of Nantucket, employed in the Whale Fishery only, if it shall appear by the Papers on Board that such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out from thence before the nrft Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy five5 or if the Master, or other Person having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall produce a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief of the Province of the MaJfachuMs Bay, setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel (expressing her Name, and the Name of her Master, and describing her Built and Burthen) is the whole and entire Property of his Majesty's Subjects of the said Island of Nantucket, and was the Property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

[Treble Costs.]

XLI. And whereas* before the passing this Act, and fmee the Commencement of the said unnatural Rebellion, divers Persons, Vessels, Cargoes, and other Effects, may have been seized, detained, examined, searched, damaged, or destroyed, for the public Service, in withstanding or suppressing the said Rebellion be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such ACb shall be deemed just and legal to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever: And if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any Thing so done, or for or by reason of any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Actioi> or Sjjit shall he commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast commitred, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence 5 and if the Act shall appear to have been done for the Service of the Public, or in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendant; and upon such Finding, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Actirn after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

XLII. And whereas an Act was passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty 4 (intituled, An Act to discontinue, in such Manner, and for such Timey as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at the Tovbn and within the Harbour. 4 of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bav, in North America) 5 and also an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachu- fee's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode Island, and Providence Planta- tion, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Blands in the West Indies \ and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations) \ and also another Act passed in the same Session (intituled, An Act to refrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penfyl- vania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British IJtands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations): And whereas the Prohibitions and Restraints imposed by the said Acts will be rendered unnecessary by the Provisions of this Act :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the said Act% shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, so far as the same relates to the Capture and Forfeiture of Ships and Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the above-mentioned Colonies, shall, except in the Cases herein before mentioned, commence and be in Force from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six \ and so far as the same relates to the 1 Capture

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. 441

Capture and Forfeiture of all other Ships and VeflTds that shall be found going to trade in or at any of the said Colonies, from and after the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and to far as the same relates to the Capture and Forfeiture of all-other Ships and Vessels that shall be found trading in or at any of the said Colonies, or bound and trading from any Port or Place in the same, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and shall continue to be in Force so long as the lard Colonies respectively shall remain in a State of Rebellion* #;

XLIV. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Perfom iutho-erder to encourage all well-assessed Persons in any of the said Colonies to exert themselves in suppressing f1^ by hit M*-the Rebellion therein, and to afford a speedy Protection to those who are disposed to return to their Duty, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Person*, appointed and authorised by his Majesty, to colony, Pro-7 grant a Pardon or Pardons to any Number or Description of Persons, by Proclamation, in his Majesty's *i«ce, Coun*y, Name, to declare any Colony or Province, Colonies or Provinces, or any County, Town, Port, DifiriA, fcc^by ProrU-or Place, in any Colony or Province, to be at the Peace of his Majesty; and from and after theifTuing of vnmbm

any such Proclamation in any of the aforesaid Colonies or Provinces, or if his Majesty shall be graciously gft*Jr f

pleased to signify the same by his Royal Proclamation, then, from and after the issuing of such Procla- of which, the mation, this Adf, with respect to such Colony or Province, Colonies or Provinces, County, Town, Port, Art to be void

District, or Place, shall cease, determine, and be utterly void; and if any Captures shall be nude, after the Date and IfTuing of such Proclamations, of any Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, belonging to the wckCoioay, ix» Inhabitants of any such Colony or Province, Colonies or Provinces, County, Town, Port, Distri&, or Place, or of any Ships trading to or from such Colony or Province, Colonies or Provinces respectively, the same shall be restored to the Owners of such Ships or Vessels, upon Claim being entered, and due

Proof made, of their Property therein, and the Captors shall jiot be liable to any Action for seizing or detaining the said Ships or Vessels, or their Cargoes, without Proof being made that they had actual Notice of such Proclamation having been issued.

XLV. Provided always, That such Proclamation or Proclamations shall not discharge or suspend any Provift. Proceeding upon any Capture of any such Ship or Vessel made before the Date and Issuing thereof*

CAP. VI.

An Act for giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans; and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One-Degree of the Northern Pole.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons,

his Majesty's Subject or Subjects^ as shall discover a North-west Passagey through Hud Ton's Streights, to the 4 Western and Southern Ocean of America}*: And whereas many Advantages both to Commerce and Science may be also expeded from the Discovery of any Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic

and Pacific Oceans May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if If »ny Sl»io beany Ship or VelTH, Ships or Vessels, belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, or to his Majesty, shall w"?1!110-^,# find out and fail through any Passage by oea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in any Direction between

or Parallel of the Northern Hemisphere to the Northward of the fifty-second Degree of Northern Lati- the Atlantic and tude, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, if belonging tQ any of his Majesty's Pacific Ocraot* Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seamen of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vef- beyond the $xd fcls, tf belonging to his Majesty, shall receive as a Reward for such Discovery the Sum of twenty thousand

II. And whereas the Ships employed both in the Spitzbergen Seas, and in Davis's Streights, have fre- oT*o,oooo^£Wlri quest Opportunities of approaching the North Pole, though they have not Time, during the Course of one Summer, to penetrate into the Pacific Ocean: And whereas such Approaches may greatly tend to the Discovery of a Communication between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, as well as be attended with many Advantages both to Commerce and Science,' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, shall approach to within one Degree of the Northern Pole, or »rj*wb the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, if belonging to any of his Majesty's Sub- w.ihin one. jects, or the Commander 01 Commanders, Officers and Seamen, of such ohip or Vessel, Ships or Vef- RC|rfe otp,h? Ms) if belonging to his Majesty, so first approaching to within one Degree of the Northern Pole, his or ftaUlxcntiTe,i, their Executors, Administrator?, or Assigns, shall be entiiled to receive, and shall receive, as a Reward Reward of for such fift Approach towards the Northern Pole, the Sum of five thousand Pounds* *50001.

III. And in order to ascertain who are the first Discoverers of the said Northern Passage into the Pacific Ocean, and who are the first Approaches to within one Degree of the Northern Pole, and to whom the Rewards by this Act respectively given do belong be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Oomimffionert That the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of the said Act of the eighteenth of George the Second, appointed to de-and also such other Persons as for the Time being are Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at tcrmi,*« wh°i^c Sea, be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this present Act; and are hereby authorised and impowered to call for the reiptftive Journal or Journals, llook or Books, and Pa- wh0 are pjers, kept on Board the respective Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, of the Claimant or Claimants respect pon-rred to call. tively, and also to examine, upon Oath, all such Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think proper JowmU,* with regard to any Claim or Claims, as well as any Person or Persons produced by the respective Claimant

Commissionm to grant Certificate* open Proof made of Discovery, &c.

on producing* whereof, Commissionert of the Treasury to pay the Reward,

AllCUimitothe Rewards to be made within fix Month* after Arrival at any Port in Great Britain or Ireland.

Provisoe

[Preamble,

AQi 8 Geo. III.

and 5 Geo. III. veered.

So much of the Act 8 Geo. III. as relates to Ireland, and the Act 5 Geo. III. made perpetual.

C. yr ft. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

or Claimants of the respective Rewards given as aforesaid by this Act (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer): And the said Commissioners, or the major Part of those that shall meet (such m; ior Part, never thelei's, at qll Time$ consisting of thirteen Commissioners at the lead, of which the Lord High Admiral, or First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord H gh Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, and the Royal Astronomer of Greenwich for the Time being, shall be two), being fully satisfied, upon Examination and Proof, that such Northern Passage by Sea into the Pacific Ocean is effectually discovered, and failed through as aforesaid, artd that such Approach towards the Northern Polfc, as aforesaid, has been then first actually made by Sea, or that either the one or the other has been fully accomplished within the Meaning of this Act, as the Case may be, are hereby authorised and required to grant a Certificate or Certificates accordingly, under their Hands and Seals, to fuel* Person or Persons as they shall judge are entitled to the same respectively; which Certificate or Certificates shall be produced to the Lord Hugh Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, and the said Sum of five thousand rounds, or the one or the other, as the Case may be, shall be respectively paid to such Person or Persons as are named in the said Certificate or Certificates respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of any the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted iii^ Parliament to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, after the said Discovery of the said Northern Passage into the Pacific Ocean, and the said Approach to within one Degree of the Northern Pole, or the one or the other, as the Case may be, shall be made, effectuated, and proved, and the fai4 Certificate produced as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Clairq or Claims on behalf or any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, unto the Rewards given by this Act, or either of them, shall be made respectively, and entered with, or be by Letter signified to, the Secretary of the Lord High Admiral, or First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, at the Admiralty Office in London, /within six Months from the Time that such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, shall have arrived at any Port of Great Britain or Ireland\ otherwise the respective Claimant or Claimants shall not be entitled to receive, nor shall receive, either of the said Rewards; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Reward?, or either of them, shall be claimed by and adjudged to the Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seameni. of any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, belonging to his Majesty, the same shall be disposed in favour of* and distributed among such Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seamen, in such Proportions as shall be directed by his Majesty in Council, and in no other Manner.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Qeef, Porky " Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Perk, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, /^ a 44 limited Time," as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland: And also another Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; 4< and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon* and Butter, fron> the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time And whereas the said Act has, by several subsequent Acts, been coq- tinued to the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six: And whereas another Act was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit the free Im- portation of Cattle from Ireland; which Act has, by another Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, been further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next oeifion of Parliament: And whereas the said Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland; and also the said Act,

made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, have proved very beneficial May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,* itr this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, and also the said recited Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be, and are hereby made perpetual,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9, 10, ijr.443

CAP. IX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehae, in the County of Norfolk.

CAP. X.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lancjs, and HeredittOKWS, Parcel of the Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same j and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, now stands seized of the Dutchy of Cornwall, and the Possessions thereof: And whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to grant Leases and

Offices, and to make Leases and Grants, by Copy of Court Roll, of Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel Grant* made by

of the said Dutchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging, during the fylinoriry of his Royal Highness \ Letter* Patent be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Jourt RoU° of the same* That all Leases and Grants, made or to be masse, by Letters Patent, or Indentures, under' within 7 Years the Seal ox Great Britain, or $eal of the Court of Exchequer, or by Copy of Court Roll, according to qome, of any-to the Custom of the respective Manors, within fevep Years next enfoing, of any Offices, Messuages,' offices» sand*» Parks, Lairds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (other than Honours, Lordships, or Manors) Parcel of the Possessions of the said Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, shall be good and effectual in Law, the D'utchy of -according to the purport and Contents of the fapne Copies, Leases, and Grants, against our Sovereign Cornwall, or Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors,h)sRoyal Highness George Prince of Wales, and against all and annexed thereto, every other Person or Perform, who shall at any Time hereafter have; inherit, or enjoy, the said Dutchy, dc^ared 5°

by fore* of any A ti of Parliament, or by other Limitation whatsoever* Cr^?

II. Provided always. That; every such Lease or Grant so made, or to be made, be not for tnor^ than fowfoch Leases* one, t^9, or forey Lives, or for one and thirty Years, or under, or for some Term of Years determinable be not for more, upon one, two, or three Lives, and not above; and if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or Ex-. than 3 Live*, or pe&ancy, that then the same, together with the Estates in Possession, do not exceed three Lives, or the 31 Year*; or a. Term of one and thirty Years, or some Tertjl of Years'd^terminable upon one, two, or three Lives, and T*rn,b.deter* be not many wise made difpunishable of Waste; and so 4s upon every such Lease or Grant there be, or ^Live/at the (Kail he, reserved the ancient or most ufbal Rent, or more, or such Rent as hath been reserved, yielded, or - Lft 1

paid, for the (am? Lands, or Hereditaments, so* the greater Part of twenty Years next before the making And in of the said Leases or Grants; and where no such Rent hath been reserved or payable, that then, upon peftancy or every such Lease, there be, or shall be, reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twentieth Part of Reversion, the clear yearly Value of the Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, contained not exceeding in such Le^fe or Granj; and all Leases and Grants other wise made, or to be made, shall be null and void. yj^and so a*

the fame be not disponiftuble of Waste j and the ufaal Rent, or, where there was none before, a reasonable Rent be referred*.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, The Covenant* Reservations, and other Agreements, contained in every Lease, Grant, or Copy of Court Roll, made or in fu

to be made, as aforesaid, (half be gpod and effectual in, Law, according to the Words and Contents of the 'martin

fame* as well for against them to whom the Reversions of the same Lands, Tenements, and Here- Lt^ 5 d it aments shall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants, or Copies shall come^ respe&lvely, as if our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, at the Time of making such Covenants, Conditions, and Reservations, and other Agreements, were seized of an absolute Effete, in Fcp Simple, in the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?.

IV. Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Refemtion of Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, and Right*

his plcirs and Successors; and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and his and their Heirs; and all and every other Person and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said Dukedom of Cornwall* by force of any Act of Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoever) all such Rights,

Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Tenures, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality Soever, of, in to, or out of, the said Offices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and ample Manner and Form, as if this Act had never been had pr madef this Act, or any Thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's Dominiom in America an Aftr passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters y and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to his Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in the 1eoI0.HI

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ttdiJ; 4

44-4

Cud further continued uf til

March* 4,177*

Prroible.

Act j Geo. III. recited.

f»ir*!if r continued until M.rch 15, 1779.

[Preamble,

Subfcr'brn iv corporated.

Their Kame, and lowers.

I)ire£>ors *p-pointed j

*ho fnir alter the Coiraaoa Seal, Sc Cm

C. 12, 13. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

"Payment of the Army and their Quarters;" and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to his Majesty's Marine Forces in America j* which Act was to continue and be in Force in all his Majesty's Dominions in America, from the twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, until the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven: And whereas it has been found necessary that the said Act should be continued for a further Term;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby continued until the twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, for a further, Time, an Act, made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Tintey the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Grease.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the importation of

Tallowy Hogs lard9 and Grease): And whereas by two Acts made in the tenth and thirteenth Years oif his present Majesty's Reign, the said Act had been continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six: And whereas the allowing the Importation of Tallow, Hogs- lard, and Grease, for a further Time, Duty free, may be of great Advantage / may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury lane, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, a Contribution was begun at the Theatre Royal in Drury-lanty towards the charitable Purpose of establishing a Fund,

for the Support of such Performers belonging to the said Theatre a«, through Age, Infirmity, or Accident, should be obliged to retire from the Stage; the Managers of which Charity have since extended the same to the occasional Relief of Performers in case of Sickness, and also to the Relief and Support of the Widows and Children of deceased Performers belonging to the said Theatre: And whereas by the Profits arising from several Plays, acted for the Benefit of the said Charity, and the voluntary Contributions of the Performers belonging to the said Company, and other Persons, a Fund, to the Amount of Four Thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, is now in the Hands of certain Trustees applicable to the Purposes aforesaid: To the End therefore that the Money contributed as aforesaid, or which may hereafter be contributed towards increasing the said Fund, may be applied to the Purposes aforesaid, and to prevent, as far as may be, any Misapplication or Embezzlement thereof,' may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Subscribers to the said Fund for the Time being, during such Time as he, (he, and they, respectively shall pay to the same, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, one Body Corporate and Politic, in Deed and in Name, and shall be called by the Name of The Society established for the Relief of indigent Persons belonging to his Majesty's Company of Comedians of the Theatre Royal in Drury-lane: And by the same Name they shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal; and that they, and their Successors, by the same Name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature, within this Kingdom of Great Britain; and that they, and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possefs, and retain, for the Purposes aforesaid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, to and for the finds and Purposes herein before mentioned; and that they, and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of five hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Thomas King, John Packer, John Moody, James Aicken, Jam's William Dodd, Robert BaddeLjy Francis Waldron, Richard Hurst\ William Brereton, James Wrighten% William Parsons, John Palmer, and Willi am Davies, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, Directors for managing the said Fund, until the Fifth Day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven: And that the said Directors, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, or the Majority of such Directors for the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14, 15.

Time being, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to dispose of the said Common Sea), and to alter and make new the same, aid to direct the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute, such and so many Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, as to them, or the major Part of them, shall seem oeceflVry and convenient for the Appropriation of the said Fund, or touching, or.in any wise concerning the Affairs and Business of the said Corporation; and the same Byelaws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, so made, to put in Use and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change, and alter the same, or any of them: Which said Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and ob&rved by the said Corporation, and evei^ Member thereof, provided the same be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statures, Customs, or Laws of this Kingdom, or the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors may, and are hereby impowered to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and shall and are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers as a Majority of the said Directors shall think proper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Subscribers to the said Fund as may hereafter be entitled to receive any Benefit therefrom, shall meet together at some convenient Place, in or near the said Theatre* on the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, or within ten Days after, for electing Directors for the Year ensuing; and that previous to such Lleftion, the Names of all the Directors for the Time being shall be written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all of on equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, as near as tnay be, and shall be put into a Box, or some other convenient Receptacle, and shall be (haken together, after which some Person* not interested in such Election, shall draw out the said Names one by one, until the Number remaining in, the said Box or Receptacle shall be reduced to fix, and the six Persons whose Names shall so remain shall be fix of the Directors for the ensuing Year; after which the said Subscribers present shall proceed to-cleft seven other Persons from amongst themselves (either such as were, or were not Directors for the preceding Year); and the Seven Persons so elected, together with the six Persons whose Names remained undrawn* as aforesaid, shall be the Directors for putting this Act in Execution for the Year next ensuing: And the said Subscribers shall also meet together on the twenty-fifth Day of March, or within ten Days after, in every succeeding Year and elect Directors, in Manner before-mentioned, for the Year then next ensuing And in case any one or more of the said Directors hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner aforesaid shall die, or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, the said Subscribers shall and may meet together* at some convenient Place, in or near the said Theatre, and elect a Director or Directors in the Room and Stead of the Director or Directors so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Director so to be elected, in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall have the same Powers and Authorities, for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, as the Directors herein and hereby nominated and appointed are, mvefled with.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Notice of every such Election shall be affixed im Writing, in some conspicuous Part of the said Theatre, for three Days at the least, immediately preceding such Election; and that all El eft ion 3 shall be decided by a Majority of Votes; and that every Subscriber to the said Fund shall have a Right to vote in every such Election.

VI. Provided also, That at every annual Election of Directors for the Purpose of this Act, a Majority of the Directors for the ensuing Year shall conftft of Persons belonging to, or employed at, the said Theatre.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices*and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioner* appointed* by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Ta»y to hi raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-frue5 and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint George^ in the County of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts*, Yards, and other open Passages and Places; and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch within/ such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London.

44 s

make Bye-law#,

amJ 'ppoiftt Officer*.

Fir* Elliot of Directori,

Manser of

Elc&ion.

Elections to bn-annual.

Rodeo in Writing to bt affixed in the Theatre Three Day a before Ek£tion« A Majority of DtreOora to belong to thr Theatre.

Public Act,

44®

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

[Preamble.]

Act P«rl. Scotland, 1707, recited.

Act 4 Geo. IX*

ind 10 Geo. IL recited*

The Duty Of! Ale and Beer brewed, &c. in Dundee, further continued for

*5 Yeys.

The Duty to be levied on the same Personi and in the lame Wanner, &c. as mentioned in former Acts.

C. 16.

A.D. 1776.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by three Acts of Parliament, for lay* ing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of "Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes iii the said Acts mentioned*

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, an Imposition of Two Pennies Scots (over and above the Dufy of ExciseL was laid upon every Pint of Ale. and Beer brewed, brought in, tapped, vended, and fold, within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for paying off and discharging such public Debts as then had been incurred, on several Occasions, by the said Town, which Act was to have Continuance for the Term of twenty-four Years, to be computed from the twenty fifth Day of March, which was in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; And whereas by another Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it was enacted, That the said

Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, by the said former Act granted,

should be further continued and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Roy?! Borough of Dundee, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and

Affigris, for the several Purposes in the said Act particularly mentioned and declared; which said last mentioned Act was to continue and be in Force for and during the further Term of twenty-five Years,

to be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of J[larch, ope thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by another Act, patted ict the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg: the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Arts of Parliament for laying a Duty of, Two Tunnies Scoff upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the fiber lies and Sub- urls thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts, and this present Act mentioned; it was enacted, Thy the said. rdcited Aas, a;id each of t^iem, and all and every the Authorities, Powers^! Articles, Rules, Penalties- rrovifoes and Clauses therein contained, (except such Clauses, Matters, and Things, as were by the said last mentioned Act altered or varied) should continue and be in Force, and be executed, from and, after the first Day of May, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, for and during the Term of twenty-nve Years by the said former Acts granted, as well for empowering the Magistrates to pay yearly out of the said Duty the Sum of sixteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and Jour Pence* as an additional

rrovision to eaqh of the three Minifies of the said Town, and their Successors for thp Time being, and also for other the Purposes in the said former Acts, or either of them, mentioned, as for finifoing and completing the Common (fall and Gaol of the said, Town, and for empowering the Magistrates and Town Council to convert the (lofpit?! of the said Town, then used for the Reception of decayed Burgh- ers, into a Workhouse for employing and jetting the popr Inhabitants of the said Town to work; and

that from and after the Expiration of, the Term by the said former Acts granted, the subsisting Term was by the said last mentioned Act enlarged and continued for the further Term of twenty-five Years from thence next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, subject and liable to the Payment of the Money then due and owing, or to be due and owing on the Credit of the Duties by the said former Acts, or either of them, or the said reciting Act* granted and made payable for the Purposes therein mentioned and declared: Apd whereas the Money arising by the said I/uty. 4 hath been duly applied according to the Direction of the said Acts, *nd great Progress hath been made in carrying on the Works thereby directed to be done, whereby a considerable Debt is noW owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, which cannot be paid off, and the Repairs and other necessary Works by the said Acts directed to be done, carried on and completed, unless the Terms and Power% by the said former Acts granted, be enlargedmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's qipft Excellent Majesty, by and with thd Advice and Consent of thp Lirda Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the; Imposition or puty, granted apd made payable by the said recited Acts, upon Ale apd Beer, brewed, brought in, tapped, vended and fold within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburb* thereof, shall,'from and after the Expiration of the Term by the said last reciied Act granted, be; further continued, raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates and Town Council r f the said Borough of Dundee, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and Assigns, for the further Term of twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Imposition of Duty shall, during the additional Term by this Act granted, be raised, levied, and collected, from the same Persons, and by the same Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, apd be accounted for, paid, and applied, to and for trie fafaeUfes and Purposes; and that the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Borough of Dundee, be and continue Trustees for such Application, with the same Powers, and subject to the same Rules and Directions as are mentioned and declared in the said recited Acts; and that the said recited Acts, and every Authority, Power, Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be of the same Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, collecting, securing, and levying the said Imposition or Duty, and for applying the same for the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said recited Acts, so far as the lame are not already executed, for and during the l^id additional Term of twenty-five Years, for which the same are hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said former recited Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-en;uSled in the Body of this present Act (except such Clauses, Matters, and Things, as were by the said recited Act$ and this present Act varied or altered).

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. 447

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That besides the Remedies and Execution granted and provided by the said recited Acts, for levying, recovering, and making effectual, the several Rates, Duties, and Impositions, hereby granted and continued, the said Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, and their Collectors and Assigns, shall, from and after the Commencement of this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, be intitled to use all such other Methods, Remedies, and Execution against the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pav the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, as is competent by the Law of Scotland, to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Royal Boroughs, and their Collectors, for recovering the ordinary Revenues of such Boroughs.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable the Earl of Strathmore, the Right Honourable the Earl of Panmure, the Right Honourable John Lord Gray, the Right Honourable Lord Kinnaird, Sir John Ogilvie Baronet of Inner Carrity9 Sir John Wedderburn Ba-

ronet of Balindean9 jlrchibald Douglas of Douglas, Thomas Fothringhame of Pourrie, Robert Graham of Fin-

New Power* granted to Provost, Magistrates, &c.

Overseeri of the Duty appointed.

Alexander Rad of Logie 9 David Read of Drumguth, George Dempster of Dunnichen, shall be, and are hereby appointed Overseers of the Imposition or Duty hereby continued and granted, and of the Application thereof, (excepting always what shall or may concern the aforesaid Hospital, and the Pensions payed to decayed Burghers, and in relation to the said Workhouse, and the Poor employed therein), in Place and Stead of the Overseers appointed by the said recited Acts, and shall have, and are hereby veiled with the same Powers, and under the same Regulations, as are in and by the said above recited Acts granted and given to the former Overseers, as well as all other the Powers hereby made and given; any Thing in the said former Acts or herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the first Meeting of the said Overseers, the Magistrates of the said Borough of Dundee shall, and are hereby required to lay before the said Overseers, or any three or more of them, an Account of all the Debts of the Town at that Time due and owing, to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and that at the said first or any subsequent Meeting of the Overseers, they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to make and settle such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Management and Government of the different Matters and things in the said recited Acts and this present Act mentioned, (except as before excepted) as to them shall appear to be necessary, confident always with the said former Acts and this present Act, and the Laws of Scotland: And the said Magistrates shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to lay before the Overseers an Account of all the Debts contrafted upon Account or by Reason of any of the Matters and Things aforesaid, (except as before is excepted), together with the Agreements, Covenants, Accounts, and Vouchers relating thereto; which said Account of Debts shall be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and an Entry (halite made yearly, and every Year, during the Continuance of this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such in all Courts of Great Britain, and by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn from Bentba1l, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same.

Magi Antes, at first Meeting of Overseers, to lay before them an Account of tht Town Debts,

Ac,

Overmen may make Byelaws,

Magistrates to lay before the Overseers an Account of Debts contraiB-ed, to be entered, in a Book annually.

Publick Act*

REAS a very considerable Traffick is carried on at Coalbrook Dale, Madeley Wood, Benthall, Preamble Brofeley, in the County of Salop, and the Places adjacent, in Iron, Lime, Potters Clay, and

WHEREAS and Brofeh

Coals, and the Persons carrying on the same are frequently put to great Inconveniencies, Delays, and Obstructions, by reason of the insufficiency of the present Ferry over the River Severn from Benthall to Madeley Wood9 commonly called Benthall rerry9 particularly in the Winter Season, in which Time it is frequently dangerous, and sometimes impafiable: And whereas the Reverend Edward Harries and Abraham Darby are Owners of the said Ferry, who, with the several Persons herein after named, are willing and defuous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to begin, carry on, complete, maintain, and keep in Repair, a Bridge over the said River from Benthall to Madely Wood aforesaid; whereby the Inconveniencies, Delays, and Obstructions now subsisting will be effectually remedied, and great Benefit will

accrue to the rublick by facilitating the Communication and Intercourse between the several Places before mentioned and the adjoining Counties, and promoting the several Trades and Manufactures carried on therein May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Re- Truffoes ap* verend Edward Harries, Abraham Darby John JVilktnfon, Edward Blakeway, Charles Guefl9 Roger Kyna/lcn9 pointed; Leonard Jennings, John Morris, John cthursfield9 Serjeant Roden, John Hartjhorne, Thomas Far noils Pritchard, and John Nicholson9 together with such Person or Persons as they, or such of them as shall be present at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, shall admit, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in Manner herein after mentioned, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be who*reim- and are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying on, building, completing, and maintaining, at their own proper Costs and Charges, a Bridge of Cast-iron, Stone, Brick, or Timber, across the River Severn, from the ScSverRj> or near a House in the Occupation of Samuel Barnett at Benthall, in the County of Sahp9 to the opposite

443

and to pull down Houfrt, 4c.

making Satis-fattion for the same*

Bodies Politick, &c. may sell and convey Houses, Lands, &c.

If Parties cannot agree, Justices to settle diffc-lences.

Jury to be fuxn-snoned;

and to appear He fore the Juf-

tlCM.

Justices may examine Witness on Oath,

Jury to view the Places in question,

C. 17. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Shore oear the House of Thomas GrumpUm at Madtley Woody in the said County, and for making and keeping in good and fuffKquent Repair proper Roads pr Avenues to and from the same; and for that Pur polo foail have full Power and Authority, by themselves, and their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others, to remove any Shelves or other Obstructions in the said River, and to dig up, take, and carry away, all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment, and also to dig and cut the Banks of the said River in such, Manner as shall be necessary and proper for the building the stud Bridge, and to erect and make. In and over the said River and the lands adjoining or pear the same, any Gampfhots, Trenches, and Landing-Places, and to pull down and remove any Houses or other Buildings, Wharfs or other Erections, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to do all other Matters and Things necessary and convenient for erecting* flipp'orting,' and maintaining the said Bridge, doing as little Damage as may be, and first making Satisfaction ai)d Recompence to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, and Persons interested in, any Houses, Buildings* or other Erections, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that Avail be made life of, pulled down, damaged, or prejudiced^ by, for, or upon account of erecting and maintaining the said Bridge, or by, for, or upon account of turning, widening, altering, and malingj proper Roads or Avenues to and from the fame, orby, for, or upop. account of the doing and performing any other Act, Matter, or Thing hereby authorised to be done and* performed for carrying the 'Purposes of this Act into* Execution* J

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, ajidalf Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunaiticks and Idiots, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs ahdSuccessor*, Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes covert, or Geftu'tque Tnjfts, and other Hdrfon^ whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall he seised oripoffefied of, or interested in, any such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Lands, Tenements* or Hereditament^, of any Tenure whatsoever, to treat, contract, or agree with the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, for the P11 rebate thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, or by way of annual Rent for the same, and to sell and convey the same as-Occasion shall be br require; and alt Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,: And all Feoffees in Tr lift, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians* and Trustees, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue br in pursuance of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between such Owners, Occupiers, or Persons interested, and the fai3 Trustees, concerning the Recompence or Satisfaction to be made for the Purchase of any such Houses, Erections, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any. Imereft therein, or Loft or Damage, as a/bresaid; or In case any such Owner, Occupier, or Person interested as aforesaidj shall neglect or refuse to treat,' for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice, to him, her,'or them, given in Writing, br left 'at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises reflectively, it (baJhand may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County o f Snhp, or any two or more of them, to hear, settle, adjust, and determine- the same; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, or any two or more of them, to cause the Matter in Dispute to be enquired into by and upon the Oaths of a Jury off twelve'indifferent Men, and to ascertain what Damages will he sustained by, and what Satisfaction and Recompence shall be rpa.de to, such^ Owners, Occupiers* and Proprietors of or other Person or Persons refReftively interested In, any such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and they the said Justices, or any two pr more of them, are hereby impowered and authorised. From Time to Time, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, Preceptor Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Salop, thereby requiring him to im-panriel, summon, and return a Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Junes, not less than twenty-four, nor more than forty-eight, which Persons such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to irnpannel, fommon, and return accordingly 5 and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, a Jury of twelve shall be drawn by such Justices, or any two or more of them, or some Person to be by them appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trials of Issues joined in-his Majesty's Courts at Westminster\ by an Act passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries), are directed to be drawn; and the Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, are hereby required to appear before the said Justices, or any two or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, (of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall have fourteen Days Notice given or left in Manner as aforesaid) and to attend them from Day to Day till they shall be discharged by such Justices, or any two or more of them, and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Justices, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, by Precept or Precepts under their Hands, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them any Person or Persons in order to be examined as a Witness or WitndVes upon Oath before the said Justices, or any two or more of them, or such Jury, touching and concerning the Premises; and such Justices, or any two or more of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to order such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend until all the Matters for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall esquire

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17.

quire touching thfe Value of such Housek, Buildings, brother Erbftibris, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Inter efts of all the Persons, Bodies Pol kick, Corporate, dr Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, seised or possessed, or Interested therein, or Of or in any P&lt thereof* 6r the Damages which shall or may be done to any Houses, Buildings, Lands; Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the doing or performing any of the Matters and Things by this Act authorised tb Be done and performed; and shall act'efs the Sum or Sums, Rent dr Rfcifts; tb Be paid to every such Pblfon or Perfo ns, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate; Corporations Aggregate ot Sole, for such their Eftatfcs and inrerefts, and as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Damages they ftlill sustain as aforesaid; and the said Justices, or any two or more of them* fliill give Judgment for such Sum and Sums of Moneys Refit or Rents, so to be assessed; and the Verdict or InquisitioiT of such respective Juries, and the Jadgmeritfc, Orders, and Decrees of the said Juflicfcs thereupon, shall be final, binding, and condusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against the King's Majesty, his Herrs and Sntceflfrr^i and all Parties or Performs whomsoever, as well absent as present, Bodies Politick, Corporate; or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, claiming arly Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, bf.Interbft, rhy to, or but of (rich Hoafes, Buildings, Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either in Possefllott; Reveffidri, Remainder,* or Expectancy, or otherwise, is well Infant* and Blue unbortt, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes-covert, and Performs under any legal Incapacity or Drfabrlity whatsoever; and all other Cejiulqtfr Trhfts, his; her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, as against all othft Persons whomsoever r and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons, interfcfted in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby, after Payment or Tender, and Refusal or Neglect, in Manner Herein after mentioned, ble front streriCerdrth to all Intertts and Purposes diverted of all Right, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in; to, or ollt of the famb and fWb Transcripts of all such Verdicts or Inquisitiona, and Judgments, Orders, or Decrees* and all ofhir Proceedings of the said Justic cs and Juries so to be made, given or pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly Written Ori Parchment, and signed and sealed by the Justices making and pronouncing the farrtd, one of Which Ttarifcribts so figrted and sealed shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and the other of the said Transcripts so signed and sealed shall be forthwith trartfihitted to the Clerk of the PekCe for the County of Salop, to be preserved amongst the Records of the said County; and the said Transcripts so figrted and sealed shall be deemed and (aken to be Records to alllntefttS and Pdrpbfes Whatsoever; and the Lnrte, or true Copies thereof, signed and proved to be signbd by the said Clerk or Treasurer tb the said Trustees for the Time being, or by the said Clerk of the Peace fol the Tinfo being, shall bfe good drid fufftefont Evidence in any Court of Law Or Equity vVhatfoevef; and all Persons Concerned may hdve Recourse to the said Transcripts, grathr and take Copies thereof, paying fof each Copy, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for eveVy two hundred Words, and so in Proportion fof dny greater of KefS Number bf Word*: And upon Payment of the Sum or Sums bf Mfbiley fb dfleflid/ by fhch Juries', and ddjudged or decreed by such Justices, to the Party or Parties concerned Or intitlerf thereto as afbifofdid, or to their Agent, or legal Tender thereof made to hirii or thehf, and RcfUtfal to accept the same 5 or in Case arty such Perfort or Persons, after Fifteen Days Notice given to him,* her,- or them, OT ftffc at ttfo Hblife of the Occupier of the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to feccivd (Be fame', thdri tifioil Paytriferif thereof into the Hands of such Person or Perfbrw afs the said TufrieCsv or any tvfft of rnbre of them, ffiaftl by dtty Wrrting under their Hands appoint, for the Use of the Party Of Parrie^ iht^'r^sted as dfbr^fald,* and to be palddpon Demand to him, her, or them; or to his, her, Or rtfoh* AgCrttrdr AgerftSrj br dftCC such annual Refit dr Rents shall be so dflefled, k shall awd may be lawful to and for the said TrdftCeV their Heirs; Ex£cutbr$, Administrators, and Assigns, to have, hold; Use, and dnjrty such Hdiifes; Buildings; Lartds, Tenenterits, or Hereditaments, to and for the Purposes of this Act 5 and It shall be lawful td‘ and for tlfolF Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to pull dowm and dispose of any fhch Hottfts; BbUdltlgfe; and Tenerrieriti;: rind to make use of any such Lands, Hereditaments; and other fVewlfcsv for the Ptltposes of thi^ A6Fr rihd this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify as well thfe said JtiftieesJ ats thfe said TA*ftet§y 3Hd all and eve^. reffon and Persons by them appointed and employed, of acting by Authority'under therH; agteihft1 filth Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, thfeir Heirs, Successors; Extcutoris, AdmlrflftVkVcris; rind Assigns, and against all and every other Person* and Persons 1Vh6mfoevcf, td all fiWerits Xhd PufjtoTts whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case a1 sufficient Number of Jurymen shall ridt ritttrtd td Be sworn for the Purposes of this Act, ther said Sheriff ck his Deputy shall return such other hortest and ih-differenf Mem of the Standers-foy, or that can be speCdlly procured to attend that Service', as shall bfe necessary to makeupthe Number of twelve tb serve oti such Jiiry; and that ^ll Perfotts conCeVned shall, Jrom Time to Time, have their lawful Challenges as afforded against' stfty df' fl/ch Turyfrieri, v?hefi their come to be sworn; and the said Justice9, or any tWd dr rtdrC of thdfh: aftib^ irt the rrti^ifej; shall Hatfe full Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his De'mrty dr Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises^ or Upbft any Perfdri o'rrersons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Juries, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not givfe hid dr their Verdict, or irt ariy dtheV Mariner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in the Premises, coiftlary to the true Intirit and Meaning of thffe :Act 5 and likewise upon such Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to' give Evidence, Who shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place Or Places, as shall be appointed for that Purpose a* ^aforesaid, or appearing shall refuse4 to be fwdYff or give EvideflcC, or to be examined by dr before the said Justice.% or any two or more of them, and, front Time to Time, td levy such Fine or Pines tty Distrete and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons offending in arty of the Matters of Things aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, to be directed to the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Township, Parish, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall

449

and aflcTs the Damages,.

Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final.

Two 'Friniirriptf of Verdicts, Sec, to be signed by Justices j

which shall he deemed Records*

Trustees, tspOA Payment of Money afiefled by Juries, &c. tp hold floufcS, I*and?, &c, for the Purposes of this Act*

How Sheriff to proceed if a sufficient Number of J urymen do not attend.

Justices may impose a Fine 00 Sheriff, Jurors, or Witnesses, fdr Neglect or Duty,

45Q

"ot exceeding

4©».

Justices, &c. not to where interested.

Trustees not to take Possession of Lands, &c. before Satisfaction b made $ except for the Purpose of fur-Teying, Sec*

Damages to be

ascertained by a ' Jot J.

If Trustees make Default io Payment, to be levied by Pifireit, Ac,

Srpenees of Jury, Witaesses, &c. bow to hr gaida

Trustees liable to Actiona for ftcnU

Bridge Vested in Traders, who may take

the following

C. 17. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

live, which Constable or other Peace Officer is hereby required to execute the same, so as no such Fine exceed the Sum of forty Shillings; which Fine shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same.

V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall fit or aft as a Justice or Justices in any Case where he or they is or are in any-ways direCUy or indirectly interested or concerned of or in the Matter or Matters in Question; nor shall any Person whomsoever be sworn to serve on any Jury, or be examined as a Witness, where he or she is any-ways direCUy or indireCUy interested or concerned.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall not take Possession of or enter into any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, until such Payment or Deposit of the Recompence or Satisfaction assessed and adjudged as aforesaid shall be made, or in case of Rent, until the same shall be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, otherwise than for the Purpose of surveying, taking a Level of and marking out the Ground which they intend to make Use of for the Purposes aforesaid, and which it shall and may be lawful to and for them the said Trustees, with Workmen, Surveyors, and other proper Assistants, to do from Time to Time, and at every convenient Time, doing thereby as little Damage as may be, and

Bfour Days Notice to the Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or Possessor of such Lands, Tenements, or itaments, of the Time of coming to make such Survey, or to take such Levels, or to mark out such Ground, in order that such Owner, Occupier, or Possessor, may be present, if he, she, or they shall think fit, and making Satisfaction for all Damages that shall be done to any Grass or Corn by making such Survey, taking such Level, or marking out such Ground, so as such Damage exceed the Value of one Shilling.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the said Trustees, their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, shall begin to erect the said Bridge, shall fuftiin any Damage or Injury in his, her, or their Houses, Buildings, Lands, or other Hereditaments, (for which he* (he, or they shall have had no Recompence) by any Act, Neglect or Default of the said Trustees, then and in such Case the said Justices, or any two or more of them, shall esquire of and ascertain such Damage and Recompence by a Jury to be impannelled and returned as aforesaid, in like Manner and Form as Damages and Recompence are herein before appointed to be assessed and adjudged 5 and in Default of Payment thereof by a certain Day to be appointed by the said Justices, or any two or more of them, they the said Justices, or any two or more of them, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, authorise and impower such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Trustees, or of any one of them, together with such Costs and Charges as such Justices, or any two or more of them, shall in such their Warrant direct, rendering to the said Trustees or Trustee the Overplus (if any be) after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale; or otherwise such Party or Parties so aggrieved shall and may have Remedy for the Sum of Money so assessed and not paid, according to the Judgment of such Justices as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record, against the said Trustees, or any one of them, or against their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being.

VIII. Provided always, That in case any Verdict or Assessment shall be given for more Money as a Recom-

Ernce or^Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons in any such Buildings* ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Lois or Damage, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning such Jury, then the Costs and Expences of summoning the Jury and Witnesses, and of the said Justices, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Tolls ariiine by virtue of this Act, or out of any Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; but in case the Verdict or Assessement given shall be for no more or for less Money than shall have been first agreed to and offered by the said Trustees as aforesaid* then such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; any Law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every annual Rent or Rents to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid for any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall become due, be paid by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, half-yearly, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, and such Person or Person shall have the same Estate and Interest in such annual Rent or Rents as they would have had to the said Premises in case this Act had never been made 5 and in Default of Payment thereof within Thirty Days after the same shall become due, (and being lawfully demanded) it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to the said annual Rents, or any of them, to commence or prosecute one or more Action or Actions at Law on the Case or in Debt against the said Trustees, or any one of them, or against their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, and shall and may upon such Action or Actions recover the Money then due, together with Costs of Suit, and have such Remedies for the same as are allowed by Lavr in other cases.

X. And be it further enacted, That for and in Consideration of the great Charges the said Trustees*. their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, will be obliged to defray in erecting the said Bridge, and* repairing and supporting the same, and also in doing and performing the several other Matters and Things necessary, and herein before authorised to be done and performed, the said Bridge when built shall be and is hereby vested in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, forever; and it* shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to a(k, demand, receive, recover, and take, to and for their own proper Use, Behoof, and Benefit, at any Turnpike or Toll-house to be erected by virtue of this Act, before any Passage shall, be permitted through the same*, the several Sums following; that is to say*

4 Jot

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. 451

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Calash, Chair, or other such like Carriage, Toll*, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of two Shillings; and drawn by four Horses,

Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by two Horses, Mares,

Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of one Shilling; and drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence :—For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, and for every Pair or Yoke of Oxen or horned Cattle, drawing or harnessed, or yoked and intended to draw in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass* laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum or one Penny Halfpenny For every Horse, Mare, Gelding,

Mule or Ass, carrying double, the Sum of T wo-pence For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of one Shilling and Eight-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any left Number:—For every Sledge, Drag, or such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence; and for every Foot Passenger one Halfpenny:

Which said federal and respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll or Duty; and the Money arising thereby, and also all other Monies to be received by Authority of this Act, are hereby vested in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as by this Act is directed and appointed; and the same and every Part thereof shall be paid to them accordingly, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same: And they the said Trustees by themselves, or Trustee* miy by any Person or Persons by them appointed and employed, shall and may crest, or cause to be erected, a eroftTutnpik* Turnpike or Toll-house upon, across, or near to the said Bridge, and also upon, in, or across the Roads and Toil-houset. or Avenues herein after mentioned leading to and from the same, and from Time to Time take down and remove such Turnpikes or Toll-houses as Occasion shall be or require, and thereat to collect and receive* or cause to be collected and received, and to levy the Tolls or Duties hereby made payable upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same; and the Person If Payment or or Persons from Time to Time appointed to collect and receive the said Tolls or Duties shall be, and he Toils is refuted* and they is and are hereby authorised and impowered to seize and distrain any Horse, Cattle, or other ^llc?or/nay Thing, upon or in respect of which any Toll or Duty is by this Act imposed, or any other of the Goods *ln, and Chattels of any Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to detain the same for any Time not exceeding the Space of four Days; and then, if the Tolls or Duties for which such?

Distress shall have been made, together with the Charges attending the detaining and keeping the same*

shall not be fully paid and satisfied, he or they shall and may fell thf fame, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after deducting the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling- the Goods or Chattels so distrained, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XI. Provided always, That the Person or Persons who shall have paid any of the said respective Tolls, Profit shall only be intitled to pass over the said Bridge and through the several Gates or Turnpikes to be erected

in pursuance of this Act with the same Horse, Beast* Cattle, or Carriage, for and in respect whereof such Tolls shall have been demanded and paid; but that no Foot Passenger whatsoever shall be liable to pay Toll more than twice in any one Day for passing and repassing over the said Bridge.

XII. Provided also, That the Driver of any Packhorse, or of any Cart or other Carriage drawn by I*?!10.?* Horses or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pass Toll-free through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected in pursuance of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons wha shall have Occasion to pase through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected upon any Road or Avenue leading to the said Bridge oi>

Foot, nor for or in respect of any Carriage or Beast passing to any Place or Places between such Gate of Turnpike and any Warehouse, Quay, or Wharf, on the Banks of the said River Stverriy on either Side thereof, without going upon or over the said Bridge; nor shall any more than one Half of the Tolls of Duties hereby granted be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Carriage or Beast having Occafioi* to pass through any such Gate or Turnpike to any such Warehouse, Quay, or Wharf, on either Side of the said River only, without going upon or over the said Bridge.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at any Traffic*mtyr* Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (whereof fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given and affixed duce the Toll*, on the Market-house at Brofeley, and on the Turnpikes or Toli-houses to be erected in pursuance of this with Confeot off Act) with the Consent of such and so many of the Trustees as shall have advanced the greater Part of the Qrc6lXot%* *c» Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, to lessen or reduce the several and respective Sums by this Act authorised to be demanded and taken at any Gat* or Turnpike to be erected

by virtue hereof, and from Time to Time afterwards to advance and augment the same again, so as not to-exceed the several Sums herein before specified; and the Tolls so lessened or reduced and raised again*

shall be collected and levied in such Manner, and applied for such Uses and Purposes, as the Tolls hereby, granted are directed to be collected, levied, and applied.

XI V\ And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, Traflee* a»y by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to set, demise, or to farm-let the Tolls or Duties by this Act leaie the Toll* % granted to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the same, from Year to Year, or for any Term or Time not exceeding three Years, for the best Price such Trustees can get for the same* payable at such Times, and under such Restrictions and Covenants, as the said Trustees shall think fit y ^nd if the Money which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall not be IF Rent not duly paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within paid, may levy/ the Space of Five Days next after the same shall become due and payable* then upon Proof of such Let- ^r*fne ting and of such Non-payment before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Salop% on the Oath of UlftICS* enePerfoo, (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer) the Money, so due and owing

(halt

45 2

Wh *re fuflkient Distrest cannot be found, Parties to be committed.

Penalty on ferrying for Hire to evade the Toili.

Penalty on Persons evading the Tolls.

Property of the Feiry, &c. vested in (he Trusteen

Commodiout Avenues to be made u» the Bridge.

After May I, 17:6,* Property of Ben'hall Ferry, and Bent-hall Rail, vested in the Xrustees t

In Consideration whereof, Mr. H.irries, his H.-irs, &c. exempted tron Par of n.e Toils, &c.

C. 17. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

shall and may be levied by Distress and of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who ought to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any be) after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be returned to the respective Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand 5 and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of the Person' or Persons neglecting to pay as aforesaid cannot be found to answer and satisfy the Money in Arrear as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, then such Justice of the Peace may, and is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Person or Persons to be committed to the common Gaol of the County of Salop* there to remain until the Money so in Arrear and unpaid, and also the Charges of such Distress and bale, shall be fully paid and satisfied, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the same, and shall have paid such Composition to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; which said Composition the said Trustees are hereby impowered to make and receive- 0

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall use or employ any Boat, Barge, or other Craft, to ferry or convey any Person or Persons, Cattle, or Carriages, across the River Severn, within the Distance of Five hundred Yards above or below the Site of the said Bridge, when built, for Gain or Hire, or to evade the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, the Owner or Owners of any such Boat, Barge, or other Craft, and the Person or Persons employing or using the famTe as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ass, Beast, Sheep, Swine, Calf, or Lamb, and for every Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage whatsoever, which shall be ferried or conveyed as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times put or leave in any House or Place any Coach, Waggon, Dray, Drag, Sledge, or any other Carriage, Horse, or any other Cattle or Beast whatsoever chargeable with any of the Tolls hereby granted, at or before the same shall come to any Gate or Turnpike to be cre&ed by virtue of this Act, with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll, each and every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the said Ferry, called Bent ball Ferry, and the said Bridge, when built, and also of all the Turnpikes and Toll-houses, and the Materials of which the same shall be made and consist, and all the Polls and Rails to be set up by virtue of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby severally vested in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns j and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, against any Person or Persons who shall disturb or injure them in the Possession thereof; which Action or Actions mail not abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, but shall go on and be continued by the succeeding Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and all Damages, Satisfactions, and Costs, which shall be recovered in or by such Aeiicm or Actions, shall be accounted for and paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint, and shall be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and all Charges to be incurred in carrying on such respective Actions or relating thereto shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised and received by virtue of this A Cl.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That one proper and commodious Road or Avenue shall be made so the said Bridge from the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffnal to Buildwas* beginning on Lincoln Hill* at or near Lands now or late in the Possession of Cornelius Oram* over a certain waste Part of the Manor of Madeley, to a Bridle Road at or near a House belonging to Richard Beard; and one other proper and commodious Road or Avenue shall be mbde from the Turnpike Road leading from Brvfdey to IVenlock along the private Road of and belonging to the said Edward Harries* called Benthall Rail* leading from Harper's Hill to a House of him the said Edward Harries* now in the Possession of Samuel Barnett'* which said respective Roads or Avenues shall be made, repaired, and kept in Repair, by and out of the Tolls hereby granted, or out of any Aloney to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint; so as not to subject the Inhabitants of the respective Parishe8 of Benthall and Madeley to the Repair of either of the said Roads or Avenues, or any Part or Parts thereof; any Law, Statute, or Ctiftom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas the said Edward Harries has voluntarily agreed to relinquish his Right and Property to and in the said Ferry called Benthall Ferry, and to and in the said private Road called Benthall Rail,

for the Purposes of this Act, immediately upon the procuring and passing thereof, upon Condition that he the said Edward Harries, his Heirs and Assigns, and all and every Person and Persons who shall, from Time to Time, be in the Possession or Occupation of his Estate at Benthall* should for ever after be free and exempt of and from the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted, under certain Restrictions and Provisions herein after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That from and after the first Day of May* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the Right, Property, and Interest, of the said Edward Harries, his Heirs and Assigns, and of all and every other Person and Persons claiming by, from, or under him and them, and every of them, to and in the said Ferry called Benthall Ferry, and to and in the said private Road called Benthall Rail aforesaid, shall respectively cease and determine; and the fameftiall from thenceforth and for ever after be, and is and are hereby respectively declared to be, vested in the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the feveril Purposes of this Act; and that for and in Consideration of the Surrender of such respective Right and Property as aforesaid, he the said Edward Harries* his Heirs and Assigns, and all and every Person and Persons who shall, from Time to Time, be in the Possession, or who shall rent, hold, or occupy the Estate of the so id Edward Harries at Benthall* or any Part or Parts thereof, and his and their and every of their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, residing thereon, and all Horses or other Bealls, Calves, Hog«, Sheep, and Lambs, to him or them respectively belonging and appertaining, and all Carts and-Carriages, Horses or other Beasts going empty or unladen,

, 3 ot

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 1.7.

453

or carrying or conveying any Coal, Lime-stone, Iron-stoney Clay Brick, Tile, Potters-clay, or Goods, and all Mines or Minerals* all Timber* Underwood, Hay, Straw, Corn, Corn in the Straw, or Manure, and whatever else shall arise and grow in or upon the said Eftare, or any Part thereof, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Matters, and Things whatsoever to be used or consumed on the said Estate, and not elsewhere, shall for ever be free and exempt" of and from the Payment of so much and such Part of the Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, as shall be collected at any Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act between the Turnpike Road leading from Brofeley to IVenlock and the River Severn; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: But the Exemptions hereby granted or allowed to the fi\d Edward Harries> his Heirs and Assigns, as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to Persons carrying any Ggods, Wares, or Merchandize for Hire, (not being the Produce of the said Estate, nor to be used thereon) nor shall any Person or Persons claiming the same be thereby intitled to a free Passage over the said Bridge.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the Trustees shall be at the House of John Nichol-fin in Coalbrook Dale aforesaid, on Wednesday the fifteenth Day of May^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, between the Hours of eleven and one of the Clock; and the Trustees then present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers hereby given and granted, and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and the other Trustees not then present, and meet there or at any other Place as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution j of which subsequent Meeting, and of every adjourned Meeting to be held in Pursuance of this Act, the Clerk to the Trustees shall cause publick Notice to be given in Writing, affixed on the Market-house at Brofeley aforesaid, and on the Turnpikes or Toll-houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, ten Bays at the least before the Day appointed for such Meetings respectively; and that two Trustees shall be deemed a Efficient Number for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and when and as often as it shall happen that there shall not appear at ariy Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall adjourn, such Meeting, to be held at the same Place upon fbnae Day, within the Space of fourteen Days from the Day of such Adjournment 5 and that the said Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences; and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made a* Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and by the Majority of the Trustees then present, and'not otherwise; nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting unless seven Trustees shall be present and consenting thereto 5 and that no Trustee herein, named or appointed, or who shall be admitted in pursuance of this Act, shall act or be impowered to do any Act in Execution of the Powers hereby given, but at a Meeting or Meetings to be held under the Directions of this Act (other than and except inch of them as shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County of &?/$/>.)

XXI. And to the end that the said Trustees may be enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, and to execute the several Purposes of this Act with Effect, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, or by the Admission of other Trustees, in such Proportion as to them shall seem meet and convenient, a competent Sum of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five thousand Pounds, and the same to divide ihtaone hundred Shares, or such less Number of Shares as the whole Amount of the Sums advanced and paid will admit, reckoning fifty Pounds to each Share; and no Person herein before appointed, or who shall be admitted a Trustee in pursuance of this Act, shall be qualified to fit or aft as such, who shall be a Proprietor of less than one Share, or more than fifteen Shares, either in his own, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, in Trust for him or her, (except the same shall come to bim or her by Descent, Bequest, Marriage, or Act of Law) upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Shares exceeding fifteen Shares as aforesaid; and the Money so to be raised is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied, in the first Place, for and towards the Payment, Discharge, and Satisfaction of the Costs, Charges* and Expences of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act; and all the Residue and Remainder of such Money shall be applied for and towards making, completing, and maintaining the said Bridge, and other the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Ule, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and all and every the said Shares shall be deemed to be Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property; and all and every Person an J Persons, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, wha shall severally, advance and pay in the Sum of fifty rounds, or such Sum, or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards executing the several Purposes of this Act, shall be intitled to receive, and shall receive, an entire and nett Distribution of a one-hundredth Part, or such greater Share ot Proportion of the Profits arising from the Tolls or Duties hereby granted or received by the Authority of this Act, as the said Sum of fifty Pounds will bear, in Proportion to the whole Amount of the Money advanced and paid on the Credit thereof; and so in Proportion for any Number of Shares, not exceeding fifteen as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have advanced and* paid, of undertaken to advance and pay, for one Share as aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be deemed a Trustee, and shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, either personally, or by his, her, or their Proxy, duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, (such Proxy or Proxies being a Trustee or Trustees); and such Vote or Votes by Proxy or Proxies, shall be and are hereby deemed good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such of the said Trustees as shall be possessed of more than one Share, shall have and be entitled to one Vote personally for each Share, not exceeding ten Shares; and that no Trustee or Trustees shall be entitled to vote by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies for more than five Shares; and whatever Question, Election, Matter, or Thing shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered, at any Meeting

First Meeting of Trustees.'

Ten Days Notice to be given of Adjourned Meetings.

Trustees at Meetings to defray their own Expences,

Trustees impowered to raise 500©!,

to be divided into Shares of 50l. each.

Application of the Money.

Shares to be dremed Personal Estate.

Every Person advancing Money for one Share, deemed Tniftee, &e*

No Trustee to have more than jo Vote* or 5 Proxies.

454*

Toll* to be assigned for Mo* ucy borrowed*

form of At

tifASMAt.

Assign me ntt to be entered in a Book)

end may 'be transferred*

Fom of Tout

in.

Assignment* not to be made void.

Trustee* not liable to Debts for tigntng Mortgages, &c.

Writings to be W^kout Stair.pt.

C. 17. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

ing of the Trustees to be held by virtue of this Act, the same shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees assembled at such first Meeting, or any three or more of them, or at any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which subsequent Meeting, and of every other subsequent Meeting for oorrowing Money, fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given and affixed upon the Market-house at Brofeley% and upon the Gates or Turnpikes to be erected in pursuance of this Act) shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to execute proper Alignments of the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, or of any Part thereof, (the Coils and Charges of assigning the same to be borne and paid out of such Tolls or Duties) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money advanced and paid on the Credit thereof, to such Person or Persons as shall advance and pay the same, under their Hands and Seals, by the following Form of Alignment, or by any other Words to the same Effect.

4 DY virtue of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

4 XJ for building a Bride ncross the River Severn from Benthall, in the County of Salop, to the oppofste Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County; and for mating proper Avenues or Roads to and from the Jame\ wc whose Names are hereunto set, being three of the Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of Fifty Pounds [or such Sum as shall be advanced and paid in lieu thereof J 4 to us in Hand paid by A.B. of do assign unto the said A.B. his [or her] Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Assigns, one entire Share or hundredth Part or Proportion of the Nett Produce of the Tolls or Duties by the said Act granted [or such Part or Share as the said Sum of fifty Pounds shall bear in Proportion to the whole Amount of the Money borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls1 to be made in equal Payments on the Day of and the Day of yearly*

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, shall be entitled to such Share of the said Tolls or Duties as the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced and paid shall bear in Proportion to the whole Sum borrowed upon the Credit of such Tolls or Duties, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing and paying the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That proper Entries or Memorials shall be made by the Clerk or

Treasurer to the said Trustees of all and every Assignment or Assignments, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned, in a Book or Books to be, from Time to Time, provided and kept for that purpose, and shall mark the same in this Manner, [Entered N°. C. D.t

Clerk to the Truj Mi and after such respective Entries made, the Trustees who shall have signed and executed such Assignments respectively shall also sign their Names to the respective Entries of such Alignments; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may transfer and assign the same again, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest therein, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsing thereon, before two credible Witnesses, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect;

4 T DO transfer this Assignment, with all mv Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fiune, unto 4 JL of his her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns*

4 Dated this Day of E. F%

4 Witness, G. H.

4 /. k:

Which said Assignment and Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the Trustees at some Meeting of the said Trustees, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in the said Book directed to be provided and kept for entering the original Assignments; for which Entry or Memorial the Clerk shall be paid the Sum of One Shilling and no more by the Person or Persons producing the same: and after such Entries made, (but not till then) such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer or Assignment to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge, subject, or make liable the Real or Personal Estate of any Trustee, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any Trustee who shall have signed and executed any Assignment or Assignments as aforesaid, or shall have signed any Entries thereof, to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money thereby, secured, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security or Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Trustee or Trustees, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Trustees or Justices respectively shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. 455

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may elect'and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and Collector or Collectors of the said Toils or Duties, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove such respective Officers, and appoint others in their Stead, and vin the Stead of such of them as shall die or be incapable of performing his or their Duty; and out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, shall and may make such Allowances to the respective Officers for their Care and Pains, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Collectors, or other Officers, and every of them, shall, from Time to Time, at any Meeting of the said Trustees, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver in upon Oath (which Oath any one of the Trustees is'hereby impowered to adminhfer) a true, exact, and perreft Account in Writing, under their respective Elands, of all Monies which he or they, every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, on account of their respective Offices, with proper Vouchers for the Money so paid and disbursed; and in case of any Refusal or iNeglect to make and deliver such Account in Manner as aforesaid, or to pay the Money remaining in his or their Hands unto the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, then, and in either of the said cases, any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Salop, shall make Inquiry of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal in a summary Way, either by the Confession of the Parties themselves, or by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), and upon Conviction shall commit the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to account, or to make Payment as aforesaid, to the common Gaol of the County of Salop, there to remain until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for the same, and paid such Composition; which Composition the said Trustees are hereby impowered to make and receive, or authorise to be received.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to take such Security from the Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers, and Persons by them appointed and employed in the Execution of this Act, for the due and faithful Execution of their several and respective Off ces or Employments, as they shall think proper,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall employ for that Purpose, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut, dig, gather, take, lead and carry away, any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stones, Ballast, or any other Materials proper and necessary for making and completing the said Bridge, or for repairing and keeping the same in Repair when made, or for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, any Road or Avenue leading thereto, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Ground, or out of any River or Brook, in the respective rarifties of Bentball, Brofdey, and Madeley, aforesaid; and also in, upon, or out of and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons what-(oever (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, or inclosed Ground planted with any Avenue of Trees for the Ornament of any House), such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, and paying or offering to pay to the respective Lord or Lords of the Soil of such Waste Ground, River, or Brook, and to the Owner or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, for the Damages they shall and may sustain thereby, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between the said Owners or Occupiers, and the said Trustees; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise concerning the same, such Difference or Dispute shall and may be settled and determined by any two or more justices of the Peace for the County of Salop; and the Sum or Sums so agreed upon or settled shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXX. And whereas it may happen that the said Bridge may receive such Damage by unforeseen Ac- cidents; that the Pafi?ge thereof may for some Time become dangerous and impracticable ;* be it therefore enacted, That when and as often as it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry br Ferries across the said River Severn, and as near to the Site of the said Bridge as conveniently may be, and to take for Passage over the said River by such Ferry or Ferries such Tolls as are hereby authorised to be taken for passing over the said Bridge.

XXXI. Provided always, That such Ferry or Ferries shall continue for such Time only as shall be necessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and until the Passage over the same shall be made safe and commodious.

XXXII. And for preventing any wilful and malicious Damage being done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof,* be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously blow Up, pull down, burn, or otherwise damage or destroy, the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or shall wilfully or maliciously, and without Authority from the said Trustees, remove or take away any of the Materials or Works thereto belonging, or in anywise cause or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge or the Works thereof may be damaged, or the Lives of Passengers endangered, the Person or Persons offending in either of those Cases (being lawfully convicted thereof) shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported as a Felon.

XXXIII. Provided always, That the Matter or Owner of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, navigated upon the said River Severn, shall be and is hereby declared subject and liable to make Satisfaction, for any wilful Damage or Mischief which shall be done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or to any of the Works which shall be erected lor building the same, by the Crew who shall navigate or belong to such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel; and in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, the Clerk or

Trustees may appoint Officers,

and allow them Salaries.

Officers to account, &c. to Trustees 5

or, in DcfuiIt thereof, to be committed.

Officers to gTvg Security.

Surveyors may take Material* from any W.ftf Ground, &c.

making Satisfaction for Da* in ages.

In case of Dif* p )?r, to be settled by Justices.

A Ferry may be

11 fed while {he Bridge is dangerous, &c.

Prorifo,

Persons destroy^ ing or damaging the Bridge,

deemed guilty of Felony,

Owners of

Boats, &c. made answerable for Damige done by the Crew.

456

How the Bridge shall be fated.

Commencement of this Act, Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

P*»ti«s.af grieved may appeal to the Quarter Scf-£□;

giving tea Days Notice*

Determination of Justice* to be final.

Proceedings to be entered in Books,

which may be nead in Evidence.

Penalty on ob-firoding Paffiiget.

Treasurer, &c. to give Receipts for ail Money re* flcived*

and to answer Demands of Trusteetv

Officers-to be answerable for their S^oilitutes.

C. 17. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall and may, in his own Name, sue for such Damage or Trespass in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall not be rated or assessed to the Payment of any public or parochial Rate or Tax whatsoever at any other or higher Rate or Value than the said Ferry called Benthall Ferry stood rated for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, nor shall the said Bridge be deemed a County Bridge, so as to subject the County of Salop to the Repair or Support of the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers hereby given and granted shall commence and take Effect upon the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is npt otherwise by this Act particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Salop, either by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders, «or by the Knowledge of such Justice, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant he is hereby impowered and required to grant); and the Overplus (if any be) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when paid or levied, shall, from Time to Time (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Treasurer, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case fufRcient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol of the said County of Salop ior any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and facisfied.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (and for. which no particular Method of Relief is hereby otherwise given), such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County of Salop, within four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall hfive arisen f such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, ten Days Notice at the ieatt in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within three Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fudi Appeal at, and abide the Order of, the said Session); and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and, if they fee Cause, may by their Order mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or vacate and set aside any Conviction or Convictions (but not for Want of Form only), or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Section shall be binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari, or other Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and the same being signed by any three or more of them, or by their Clerk, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; and such Book or Books) and also the Book or Books herein before directed to be kept for entering the Mortgages or Assignments of the Tolls hereby made payable, and Transfers of such Assignments, mall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeals, and in all Suits or Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall place or suffer any Carriage whatsoever to stand or remain on the said Bridge, or in any Road or Avenue leading to the same, except for the immediate Taking-up or Delivery of any Goods or Merch.andife, or for the Removal of any Filth, Dune, Ashes, or Rubbish (sufficient Time being allowed to do the same respectively), or shall in any other Manner wilfully obstruct the Passage over the said Bridge, or the Passage leading to or from the same, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several and refceftive Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers, from Time to Time appointed and employed by the said Trustees in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall, and he and they is and are hereby remured to give proper Receipts and Vouchers for all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be paid to them or either of them respectively, without Fee or Reward; and shall also make Entries of such Receipts and Vouchers in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and he and they, and every of them respectively, shall and is and are hereby required, out of the Money which shall be paid into his or their Hands in pursuance and for the Purposes of this Act, to answer, satisfy, and pay all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be drawn for upon him or them, or either of them, and ordered to be paid, by any three or more of the said Trustees, for, on account, or in respect of any Contract, Work, Matter, or Thing, which shall be entered into, made, done, or performed, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and that all and every the Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers, appointed or employed under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and is and are hereby severally declared to be answerable for any Breach of Trust, Neglect of Duty, or other Misdemeanor, of any Clerk or Substitute, Clerks or Substitutes, by him or them or either of them employed in the Execution of this

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 18. 457

Act, and shall make full Satisfaction to the said Trustees; and in case any such Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officer, shall refuse or negledi to make such Satisfaction for the Space of four Days, he shall be forthwith discharged from his Office, and shall and may be sued for such Satisfaction in such Manner as is herein before directed for the Trespass or other wilful Damage which may be done to the said Bridge by the Crews of Vessels navigated on the said River Severn.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted Limitation of against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Months next after the FaS committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Salop, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to General nr#e» be had thereupon, and that the same was done inpurfyance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall brought or commenced after the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants $ or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if a VerdiS shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Treble Oofti, Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall Public Act* be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by his present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor, of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his present Majesty King George the Third hath been graciously pleased to grant his Royal Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to Elizabeth Taylor Widow, in the

Words, or to the Effect following* that is to say,

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender His Majesty's

of the Faith, tlfc. To all to whom these Presents shall come, greeting: Whereas Elizabeth Taylor, R°yal Lelt'[9 c< of Our Town of Southampton, Widow, ReliS and Executrix of Walter Taylor, late of the same Place, kcVh Ta^lor ^T 44 Blotkmaker, deceased, has, by her Petition, humbly represented unto Us, that her said late Husband Southampton,

had, by his Ingenuity, Labour, and Industry, and at a great Expence, invented a Set of Engines, widow,

Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for the making of Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, whereby C4 (he the Petitioner has been enabled to supply Our Navy wkh all Kinds of Ship Rigging and Gun Tackle, Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, in Iron, Brass* and Wood, more certain and efficacious in their Operation than any ever before used, and which will be the Means of a great Saving of the Ships Cordage and Rigging: That the said Blocks were first examined by the Principal Officers of Our Admiralty and Ordnance, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and in the Month of July last, a Trial was made between them and the best Blocks before used, in the Presence of the Principal Officers of Our Navy in Our Yard at Deptford, on which Trial those made "by the Petitioner were found to be greatly superior to all others: That the Commissioners of Our Navy have contracted with the Petitioner for supplying Our Navy with a Quantity of the said Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins,

and are desirous of having the whole Navy supplied therewith; but forasmuch as the Petitioner is apprehenfiye, that by employing a great Number of Workmen under her, the Method of constructing the said Engines, Tools, instruments, and othei* Apparatus, and of making the said Blocks, will be discovered, whereby (he may be deprived of the Benefit of the said Invention, and hath therefore most

humbly prayed Us to grant unto her, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Our Royal Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the sole making and using the said Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, so first invented by her said late Husband, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

for the Term of fourteen Years, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided, in order

thereby to secure to the said Petitioner, her Executors, Administrators. and Assigns, the full Benefit and Advantage of the said Invention: We, taking the Premises into Our Royal Consideration, and being willing to give Encouragement to all Arts and Inventions which may be for the Public Good, are graciously pleased to condescend to the Petitioner's said Request: Know ye therefore, that We, of Our

especial Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, have given and granted, and by these Presents*

for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, do give and grant unto the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, Our especial Licence, full Power, sole Privilege, and Authority, that the the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by herself and themselves, or by her and their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or such others as she the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall at any Time agree with, and no others, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter during the Term of Years herein expressed,

shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend her said Husband's Invention, within that Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon

458 C. 18. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Tweed, in such Manner as to her the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or any of them, shall in their Discretions teem meet; and that she the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage, from Time to Time coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of the said Invention, for and during the Term of Years herein mentioned; to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, the said Licence, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, herein before granted or mentioned to be granted unto the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during, and unto the full Efld and Term of fourteen Years from the Date of these Prelents next and immediately ensuing, and fully to be compleat and ended, according to the Statute in such Case made and provided: And to the End that she the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, may have and enjoy the full Benefit, and the sole IJfe and Exercise of the said Invention according to Our gracious Intention herein before declared, We do by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, require and strictly command all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all other Our Subjects whatsoever, of what Estate, Quality, Degree, Name, or Condition soever they be, within that said Part of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, that neither they, nor any of them, at any Time during the Continuance of the said Term of fourteen Years hereby granted, either directly or indirectly, do make, use, or put in Practice the said Invention, or any Part of the same, so attained unto by the said Walter Taylor as aforesaid, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or referable the same; nor shall make, or cause to be made, any Addition thereunto or Subtraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself or themselves the Inventor or Inventors, Devisor or Devisors thereof, with- out the Licence, Consent, or Agreement of the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Writing under her or their Hands and Seals first had and obtained in that Behalf, upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such Offenders for their Contempt of this Our Royal Command; and further to be answerable to the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administmors, and Assigns, according to Law, for her and their Damages thereby occasioned: And more- over. We do by these Presents, for Us* Our Heirs, and Successors, will and command all and Angular the Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Sheriff's, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs, and all other Officers and Ministers whatsoever of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, for the Time being, that they, or any of them, do not, nor shall at any Time hereafter, during the said Term hereby granted, in anywise molest, trouble, or hinder the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, or her or their Deputies, Servants, or Agents, in or about the due and lawful Use or Exercise of the aforesaid Invention, or any Thing relating the reto: Provided always, and these Our Letters Patent are and shall be upon this Condition, That if at any Time during the said Term hereby granted, it shall be made appear to Us, Our Heirs, or Successors, or any fix or more of Our or Their Privy Council, that this Our Grant is contrary to Law, or prejudicial or inconvenient to Our Subjects in general, or that the said Invention is not a new Invention as to the public Use and Exercise thereof in that said Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Vales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, or not invented and found out by the said Walter Taylor as aforesaid, then, upon Signification or Declaration thereof to be made by Us, Our Heirs, or Successors, under Our or Their Signet or Pi ivy Seal, or by the Lords and others of Our or Their Privy Council, or any fix or more of them, under their Hands, these Our Letters Patent shall forthwith cease, determine, and be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided also, that these Our Letters Patent, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to give Privilege unto the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of them, to use or imitate any Invention or Work whatsoever, which hath been heretofore found out or invented by any other of Our Subjects whatsoever, and publickly used or exercised in that said Part of Our Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, unto whom like Letters Patent or Privileges have been already granted for the sole Use, Exercise, and Benefit thereof; it being Our Will and Pleasure that the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons to whom like Letters Patent or Privileges have been already granted as aforesaid, shall diffincily use and praeftile their several Inventions by them invented and found out, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same respective Letters Patent, and of these Presents; Provided likewise nevertheless, and these Our Letters Patent are upon this express Condition, That if the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors or Administrators, or any Person or Persons which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Grant, have or claim any Right, Title, or Interest in Law or Equity, of, in, or to the Power, Privilege, and Authority of the sole Use and Benefit of the said Invention hereby granted, shall make any Transfer or Assignment, or any pretended Transfer or Alignment, of the said Liberty and Privilege, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit or Profit thereof, or shall declare any Trust thereof to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for public Subscriptions to be made determined by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of five, in order to the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted; or shall by her or themselves, or her or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money what- so ever, of any Number of Persons exceeding in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the bice, Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to att as a Corporate Body, or shall divide the Benefit of these Our Letters Patent, or the Liberty and Privileges hereby by Us granted, into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or 1, "

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Gectcgii III. C. 18. 459

Title, either in Law or Equity, in or to the said Premises, which will be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of a certain Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of Our late Royal Great Grandfather, King George the Fiift, intituled, An Act for the better /earring certain Powers and " Privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandises at Scay and/or lending Money upon Bottomry, and for retraining fveral extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned\ or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time hereafter become vested in, or in Trust for, more than the Number of five Persons or their Representatives at any one Time (reckoning Executors or Administrators as and for the single Person whom they represenr,

as to such Interest as they are or shall be entitled to in Right of such their Testator or IntelVate), tint then, and in any of the said cases, these Our Letters Patent, and all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided also, that if the said Elizabeth Taylor shall not particularly describe and ascertain the Nature of her said Husband's Invention, and in what Manner the same is to be performed, by an Instrument in Writing under her Hand and Seal, and cause the same to be inrolled in Our High Court of Chancery, wirhin four Calendar Months next and immediately after the Date of these Our Letters Patent,* that then these Our Letters Patent, and all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void;

any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And lastly,

We do by these Presents, for Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, grant unto the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, that these Our Letters Patent,.or the Inrolment or Exemplify cation thereof, shall be, in and by all Things, good, firm, valid, sufficient, and effectual in the Law,

according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and shall he taken, construed, and adjudged in the most favourable and beneficial Scnfe for the bell Advantage of the said Elizabeth Taylor, her Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, as well in all Our Courts of Record as elsewhere, and by all and Angular the Officers and Ministers whatsoever of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, in that Part of Our said Kirg- dom of Great Britain called England, Our Dominion of JIdles, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, and amongst all and every the Subjects of Us, Our Heirs, and Successors, whatsoever and cc wherefoevef, notwithstanding the not full and certain describin" the Nature or Quality of the said Invention, or of the Materials thereto conducing or belonging. In Witness whereof, We have caused

these Our Letters to be made patents Witness Ourself at Westminster, the sixth Day of December, in

the third Year of Our Reign."

4 And whereas the said Elizabeth Taylor hath, by an Instrument in Writing under her Hand fend Seal,*

described and ascertained the Natuie of the said Invention, and the Manner in which the same is to be performed, and hath caused the same to be inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, within the Time and in the Manner directed by the said Letters Patent: And whereas, by a Deed of Assignment bearing Date the first Day of February, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the said Elizabeth Taylor (for the Confulcrations therein mentioned) hath assigned all her Interest, Benefit, and Property, in the said Letters Patent and Invention, unto her Son Walter Taylor of the said Town of Southampton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And whereas the said JValter Taylor deceased was at very large Expence, Labour, and Pains, in finding out and prosecuting the said Invention; and the said Elizabeth Taylor his Widow, and JValter Taylor their Son, have been at great Pains and Labour, and at a large Expence, in improving the same; and considerable Improvements have been made therein by the said Walter Taylor the Son; for all which Trouble and Expence the said JValter Taylor will not be able to receive an adequate Compensation, unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged May it therefore please your Majesty fat the humble Petition of the said Walter Taylor) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers, Liberties, Privileges,f Afl the Pdwen, Authorities, Rights, Benefits, and Advantages, which, in and by the said Letters Patent, were originally Privileges, &c* given and granted to her the said Elizabeth'Taylor, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (and no further or greater than fhc, or the said JValter Taylor, would have been entitled to if this Act had not been Lcucr^pVtcnt, made), shall be, and the same are hereby given and granted to the said Walter Taylor, his Executors, Ad- by this administrators, and Assigns, and shall be held, exercised, and enjoyed by him the said Walter Taylor, his granted to WaU. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the present Term of fourteen Years granted by the ter Taylor> h 8 said Letters Patent, and, from and after the End and Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years e^c*'

thereby granted, for and during the further or additional Term of fourteen Years, in as full, ample, and o( 14

beneficial Manner in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as he the said Walter Taylor, Years, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, could have held and enjoyed the same, under and by virtue of the said Letters Patent for the Term thereby granted, in case the said Letters Patent had been originally granted by his Majesty to him the said Walter Taylor, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns

II. And whereas the said Walter Taylor having made several considerable Improvements in the said new Invention, the Public may lose the Advantage thereof, unless the same shall be specified by nn Instrument in Writing, and inrolled in the High Court of Chancery/ be it therefor further enacted by Specification of the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Walter Taylor shall not particularly describe and ascertain the Improvements Nature of the said Invention, with his Improvements thereon, and in what Manner the same is to be to be inrolled in* performed, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seai, and cause the same to be inrolled in *he c'°'irt

the High Court of Chancery within four Calendar Mouths after the passing of this Act, then this Act shall fourvi^'h!/10" cease, determine, and be absolutely void; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith- otherwise tlut Handing, a a to be void.

460

Walter Taylor to grant Licences, &c. on certain Conditions.

[Public Act.]

Prom the passing of this Act till Match 15, 1777, Merchant Ships, &c. may be navigated with 3-4ths Foreigners.

This Act not to retrain his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, &c.

C. 19, 20, 21. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

III. And whereas sundry Persons licensed by the said Walter Taylor are now under Contract to supply his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance with such Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, paying for such Licence certain Rates for every hundred Pounds for which such Wares shall be fold, in consideration of his inspect- ing the Engines, Tools, and Instruments used therein, and ordering and directing the Repairs thereof: And whereas the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or the Principal Officers of the Ordnance, may from Time to Time hereafter think proper to contrast with the same or other Persons for the Supply of his Majesty's Navy or Ordnance with the said Articles/ be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for him the said Walter Taylor, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to refuse such Licence as may be required from him or them, to any Person or Persons for whom the same shall be demanded or required by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or by the principal Officers of Ordnance for the Supply of his Majesty's Navy or Ordnance, or to demand or take any further Profit or Advantage on granting such Licence, beyond the Rate of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds for which such Blocks, Sheavers, or Pins, shall be fold, in pursuance of such Contrast.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

'FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and oti 4 J/ board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels / be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship or other Trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship or other Trading Ship or Vessel 5 and that One fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be, at all Times, Natives or his Majesty's naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and excepted); one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation)y or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effect of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majestys Ships of Wary and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Privateers)

CAP. XXI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroud-water, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County; and for giving other Powers* for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wallbridge aforesaid.

Act 1 Geo. II. for making navigable the River Stroud-water, recited Act ^z Geo. II. for amending, &c. the former Act; whereby other Persons were impowered to make the said Navigation within a limited Time, or to forfeit all Engines, Machines, &c. Article of Subscription entered into by the present Undertakers, Dec. 8, 1774., recited. Commissioners under the former Act appointed new Undert.kers, to make the Navigation, who have begun the same. Undertakers for completing the Navigation appointed, and incorporated. Their Name and Powers. The Manner in which the Navigation shall be made. Company of Proprietors may open Drains, &c. for carrying off waste Water. Trenches not to be made through Dwelling-houses, Gardens, &c. Company to make Arches, £sY# 44 to drain the adjoining Lands, and keep them in good Repair. Company to separate the Towing-paths from adjoining Lands, £sV. In case Company neglect to erect Gates, Bridges, on Side of Towing-path. Occupiers of adjacent Lands may do it, at the Expence of the Company. Penalty if the Company make Default in Payment. In case the Bridges, provided by Direction of the Commissioners, are inefficient, the Land Owners may provide more at their own Expence, foas the Navigation be not

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21.

obstructed. Powers of Act 3 Geo. II. to be in Force, except such as are by this Act repealed. Tolls to be exempted from Taxes. Company impowered to supply the Cuts and Canals with Water, and to make Dams, during the Repairs of Mills, &c. Company empowered to scour the Canal. Proviso, relating to Mr. Cambridge* Mill-pond. Millers to draw up or let down Cloughs or Floodgates'when necessary, on Penalty of to/. Millers to be paid for the same. Company to provide Watering-places " for Cattle. Lands may be entered upon to take Surveys, Two Parts to be made of a Plan and cc Book of Reference, and certified by the Speaker of the House of Commons; which shall be deemed codd Evidence. Cuts and Canals to be made pursuant to the Plan. Land Owners being omitted in the cc Book of Reference, not to obstruct the making the Canals, bV. Breadth of the Canal and Towing-paths limited. Small Parcels of Land, not used for the Canals, to be purchased by the Company, if Proprietors require it. The River not to be made navigable, except as authorised by this Act. The Turnpike Road not to be turned. Bodies Politic, fcfr. impowered to fell Lands; and, with Consent of the Commissioners, may exchange Lands. Contrails to be inrolled; Copies whereof allowed to be good Evidence. of Rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed to settle Differences between the Company and Owners of Lands. If Parties dissatisfied, a Jury to be impannelled. Value of Lands, and Damages, to be separately ascertained. By whom the Expences of the Commissioners and Jury, in ascertaining Damages, &V. shall be borne. Persons requeffing a Jury to enter into Bond to prosecute, &c. Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors, before Complaint made thereof to the Commissioners. Purchase money due to Corporations and Trustees to be laid out to the same Uses, Monies, until Purchases made, to be placed in the Public Funds, &V. Commissioners to settle the Proportion of Money to be paid to the several Persons interested. In Default of Payment of Damages, Rates to be liable; or Parties may recover at Law. Annual Rents how recoverable. In case Damages *4 are not paid in four Months, they may be recovered from the Estate of the Company. Penalty on Persons obstructing the Works. The Undertaking, fcfr. to be divided into 200 Shares, and vetted in the Company, in due Proportion. No Person to have more than fifteen Shares. Application of the Money remaining to be raised. Each 100l. Subscription to be intitled to a Share in the Navigation. Every Person who shall subscribe one Share, shall be deemed a Proprietor, and have a Vote, to be given by himself or by Proxy. Manner of voting specified. All Matters to be determined by Majority of Votes and Proxies. Company impowered to raise ic, oooo/. more, in case the 20,000l. shall be inefficient*. Manner of raising it. Navigation may be assigned over as a Security for Money borrowed. Form of Assignment. No Preference to be given by reason of Priority of Alignment. Entries of all Assignments to be made in Books. Assignments may be transferred. Form of such Transfer. Transfers to be produced to the Clerk, who shall enter them in a Book. Interest to be paid half-yearly before any Dividends are made. First General Meeting. A Committee to be chosen. Treasurer and Clerk to- be appointed. Committee to be chosen annually. Their Proceedings to be entered in a Book. No Member of the Committee (except the Chairman) to have more than one vote. Committee to make Reports of their Proceedings, &c. Committee impowered to make Calls for Money from the Proprietors, &c. All Money to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer; to be applied by the Committee, &c. Notice of the Calls to be advertised, Persons not paying the Calls pursuant to Notice, &c. to forfeit all Shares and Interests in the Navigation. Forfeitures to be declared at a General Assembly. &c. General Assembly of Proprietors may remove Committee-men, and make Bye-laws,

Executors, &c. of Owners of Shares indemnified for paying Money when called for. It Owners die without Assets, &c. Proprietors may admit others in their Stead, upon Payment to Executors, fcfr. the Sums advanced by such Owners. If Calls not answered, how Proprietors are to proceed*. How Tickets or Titles to Shares are to be made out and signed. Shares negotiable, how to be entered and paid, &c. Purchasers of Shares not intitled to vote, till after six Months Possession. No Person shall sell, after any Call of Monies made, until the said Call is paid. Form of Transfer of a Share. No Business to 4< be done in a Committee, unless five be present. Clerk and Treasurer to account to the Committee. Two General Meetings yearly; all Accounts then to be passed and settled. How a Vacancy in the 4< Committee to be supplied. Matters of Vessels to give Account of their Cargoes, &c. Penalty on De--c< fault thereof. Names of Owners and Steersmen to be placed on the Outsides of Vessels, on Penalty of* 44 s /. What shall be deemed a Ton of Timber, In case of Difference between the Collectors and Matters of Vessels concerning Weight and Quantity, Vessels to be detained, &c. Further Allowance to be paid for Goods lying upon a Wharf above 24 Hours. Vessels under 20 Tons not to pass Locks (except as excepted) without the Consent of Proprietors. Penalty on placing any Boat, (sfr. in the u Canals so as to obstruct the Navigation. Vefleh sunk to be weighed, and detained for Expence. Irv case of Non-payment, Company may sell the same. Penalty on Persons floating Timber on the Canal, or overloading Vessels, Penalty of 5l. for throwing Ballast, &c. into the Navigation. Boatmen shall not suffer Water to remain in the Lock longer than necessary* Regulations for passing thp Locks* 44 Penalty of 40 s. for each Offence. Penalty on Persons wilfully drawing down the Water, Zsfc. In case the Company omit for fifteen Years to make the Canals, the same not to be done without Consent of Land Owners, &c. On what Conditions Land shall be reconveyed. If Commissioners cannot settle the Price, a Jury to be impannelled. Power to elect new Commissioners. Justices, in certain cases, impowered to appoint Commissioners. Qualifications of Commissioners. Any Person acting, not duly qualified, to forfeit $0 L No Meeting to be had without ten Days Notice in some Gloucestershire NeWs- paper. Commissioners may act as Justices, Commissioners not to hold any Place of Profit, &c. Meetings may be summoned at any Time by seven Commissioners. Writings to be without Stamps. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied* Punishments for giving false Evidence. Distress not unlawful for want of Form* Person9^ u aggrieved may appeal to the Quarteir Sessions, whose Determination shall be sinai*'rr

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

462 C. 22, 23.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and

Warwick.

WHEREAS the Parish Church of Tardebigg^ in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, is a very. ancient Fabric, and Part thereof hath lately fallen down, and the other Part is in so ruinous a 4 Condition that it is dangerous for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to attend Divine Service therein,

and, in the Opinion of able and experienced Workmen, cannot be effectually repaired; and that, for the Safety and Conveniency of the Inhabitants, it is necessary the same should be taken down and re- built; it is enacted,' &c.

Trustees impowered to take down and rebuild the Church. Money to be raised vested in the Trustees.

Penalty on Persons refusing to pay the Rates. Trustees to appoint three Collectors of the Rates. Col- leftors to pay the Money as the Trustees shall direct, and to enter in Books Accounts of all Money by them received, &c. Penalty on Collectors refusing or neglecting to account, &c. Any Person chosena Collector and refusing to act, to forfeit 10l. Trustees impowered to borrow 1100l. at q per Cent, or by way of Annuities, &c. Money lent, tsV. to be repaid within twenty Years. A Book to be provided for entering Accounts of Money borrowed, &c- and Proceedings of Trustees. Payment of the Monies to be borrowed, &c. charged upon the Rates. Annuities, ts'e. not liable to be taxed. Trustees to give Receipts to Persons advancing Money. Upon Payment of the whole Money to be advanced,

Trustees to give Orders in Writing for Repayment. Lenders, bV. impowered to assign their Interest in the Money advanced. Trustees may make an Assessment, not exceeding is. 6d. in the Pound. Tenants to pay the whole Rates, and deduct one Half out of their Rents. How Rates are to be levied upon Houses occupied by Inmates. Where Tenant is incapable of paying the Rates, Landlord to be accountable. Rates vested in Creditors, in case of Non payment of Principal, Interest, or Annuities.

Trustees to settle Differences respecting the Rates. Payment of Rates not to intitle Persons to be Parishioners, &c- Collectors may inspect the Poor's Rates. Overseers, on Refusal, to forfeit 10l.

Trustees, when their Number is reduced to Twenty, may appoint new ones. After Repayment of Money borrowed, &c. the Rates to cease. Trustees impowered to fell the Materials of the old Church;

«4 Trustees to give Notice of their Meetings," &c.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of BoJion> in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and setting down Mooring-posts upon the Banks or High Marshes within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Marshes within or adjoining to the said Hayen and Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Borough of BoJlon, in the County of Lincoln, is a very ancient Borough, within the Liberties whereof there are a Port, Haven, and Harbour of the Sea, for importing and ex- porting Merchandise; and the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough have, as well by Prescription Letters Patfnt as Royal Charter, been a Corporation for two hundred Years last part and upwards; and by virtue and granted to the in pursuance of certain Letters Patent, granted them by Queen Elizabeth, bearing Date on or about the Corporation by c tenth Day of February in the fifteenth \ ear of her Reign, have and do now use and exercise Admiralty

picked. UJ Ct * Jurisdiction within the said Borough and Port of the same; and also the Roads, and all and finguhr the

4 Deeps, commonly called The Norman Deeps; and also all and all Manner of Places and Parts and Water- 4 courses, and the Streams of the Waffles near and in the Parts of Holland, extending to the Haven or Place called Wainfiest Haven, and to a certain Place called Pullye Heads, and to another Place or Sand called The Knocks and to another Place called The Dog's Head in the Pct9 and to the uttermost Limits of the Flowing and Ebbing of the Waters aforesaid and every of them, and adjoining to the Sea and Floods

and Streams of the Borders and Confines of the County of Norfolk; and by virtue of the same Letters Patent, and others since granted to them by the Crown, and by long Usage have erected and put down proper Buoys and Beacons in the Channel of the said Port: And whereas the Entrance into the said Port is, by the continual Shifting and Alteration of the Sands, become very dangerous without the Afr fiftance of a skilful Pilot, and many Ships have of late Years been endangered, owing to the Negligence and Ignorance of the Persons who take upon them to conduct Ships and Vessels into and out of the said Port; and the Prices or Rates of Pilotage there are not at present settled by any Law or Charter: And whereas a proper Regulation of the Pilots at the said Port, and the ascertaining of their Rates or Prices, would tend greatly to promote and encourage Trade and Navigation, and be of public Utility: And whereas much Danger and Mischief may happen to Ships and '1 railing Vessels lying in the said Haven and Harbour, occasioned by Fire made use of in heating of Pitch, 'Far, Rosin, Oil, or other combustible Matters, on board fuel) Ships and Vessels: And whereas Mooring-polls, to be affixed and set down in proper Places upon the Links or High Marshes within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, for the more eft'eftuall/ fccuiing the Ships and Vessels riding the rein, and also Bridges of Wood to be affixed and laid down over several of the Creeks within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, for the Convenience of towing or haling of Ships and Vdlels into and out of the said Port, ate much wanted*

4*3

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 231.

and would bo of great* public Utility* but whereas the said Irtconycniencies ean«ot bo removed, not smy of the good Purposes propo/ed be attained or carried into Execution, without the Authority of Parliament may it therefore please your Majestyi that it may be enacted; and bo it enacted by the King's mod Excdleat Majesty, by and with the Advice and CoDfonjt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal*. and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the: fame, That the Mayor, Commissionait Recorder, Deputy Recorder, Aldermen, Town Cleric, and Common Council of the Borough, of Bqflon appointed* aforesaid for the Time being; together with William Armftreng* John Amblery Robert Barium, Thomas Brother ten, Edward BoltriiL, Samuel Bamand\ John Colby, John Cheyney the younger, Bartholomew Claypom

Daniel Douglas, John Darwin, Nicholes Foggony William Garfit, william Garfit the younger, Matthew Graham, Henry Hare Harty John Hilly Robert Hallety Henry Hambleton9 William Jack fatty John ^ackfisn

Robert Lancajiery Stephen Longy Thomas Lumfley, James Measurrty William. Munckman* Chapman Mountain

JoJejjh Mountainy William MoorWilliam Parker^ Thomas Pilgrim, George PalmerJohn Palmer, William Sauirey Abraham Sheath the younger. Brands Thirkilly Trifir am Twelly Jeffery Tyfdaley Cotton Thomftjbn» William Thompfoiiy John Taylor, William Taylor y Richard Wiliertom* George Wrightson* and Thomas, fer- \ burgh, shall be, and they are hereby nominated, constituted, amt. appointed Commissioners for carrying tfois present Act into Execution, and for the Purposes herein>aftermentioned and expressed y and they, or any five or more of them, (whereof the Mayor of the said Borough of Bqfion for the Time being, oca Deputy, whom the ford Mayor is hereby authorised from Time to Time to appoint, by any Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, shall be one) shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required* within the Space of Six Weeks from and after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently) may be, to meet in the Guildhall withiit the said Borough, upon public Notice to be given by bhe said First Mctrisf* Mayor for the Time being of the Day and Hour of such Meeting, by Writing affixed on the Custom-house, Guildhall, and Market-crofe, within the said Borough of Bojlotiy at least fever* Days befoce such Meeting; and then, and from Time to Time, when and as often as any Meeting shall be held in pursuance of this Act, to adjourn themselves, if they shall see Occasion, to any Time and Place within the said Borough, or otherwise, in case no Adjournment shall be then or from Time to Time made or subsisting, or there shall be Occasion to meet previous to the Day of such Adjournment, to meet from; Time to Time* at such Day, Hour, and Place, within, the said Borough, as shall be appointed by public Notice to be> given as aforesaid Two Days before every such Meeting, by Five: or more of the said GommiiHanem (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy to be appeintedae^oresaid, shall be one).

II. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held tm the> cfeuertl Meet-First Monday in the Month of February in every Year, in the Guildhall in the said Bocottglu for-pajEng ing to beheU and settling all Accounts of their Treasurer, CoUedorror other Officers; And if at any Meeting the annualb‘ Commissioners present shall be equally divided upon any Question which may como before them, then the Mayor to Hit* Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, if present, or in his Absence his Deputy as aforesaid, the casting Vots# shall have the casting Vote: And that all Orders, Determinations* and Proceedings, of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, shall be at Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and that such of the said Commissioners as. are Justices of the Peace in and for the said Bono ugh, commissionera may act as such notwithstanding their being Commissioners and that the said Commissioners, at all such to defray their their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences. own Expence».

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Mayor of the said Borough far the Time How to proceed being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times negded or refuse to give Notice of *ny if Mayor neglect Meeting to be held for executing this Act as herein mentioned, being thereunto required by any twelve or "Dut*' more of the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, ir shall and may be lawful for any nveor more of the said Commissioners to give Notice of such Meeting, and to meet without the said Mayor or his Deputy as aforesaid for the Time being: And at every Meeting to be held in pursuance of tWs Act, where tho Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid,* shall neglect or refuse to attend, then, and in every such Case, the Commissioner who at such Meeting shall, by the Majority of the Commissioners then present, be elected Chairman at such Meeting, shall in all Things have fuehr Power and Authority at the same Meeting, as the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, would have had, if present; and all Orders and Proceedings at such Meetings shall be as valid*

and effectua), as if the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, had beeri present.

IV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the said Commissioners for the Time being, not ‘ New Commit-

being the Mayor, Recorder, or Deputy Recorder, an Alderman, Town Clerk, or a Common Council* fionetatobc man of the said Borough, shall die or refuse to act (such Refusa) to be certified in Writingk or bechofcn chosen the a Member of the said Corporation, or accept of any Office of Profit under this Act, of rende out of the ro of diofc laid Borough for the Space of Six Calendar Months, then, and in any of the said cases, and not otherwise, c*

it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners for the Time being by this A£\ appointed, or to be appointed in pursuance thereof, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) from Time to Time at any of their Meetings to elect (by Appointment or Order entered in the Minute-book wherein they enter their Orders and Proceedings) such other Person, being a Merchant, Owner, Commander of a Ship or Vessel trading to and from the said Port, or an Inhabitant of the said Borough, to be a Commissioner in the Place of each Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or being chosen a Member of the said Corporation,' or accepting of any Office of Profit under this Act, or residing out of the said Borough as aforesaid, as they shall think fit; and each and every such Commissioner so from Time to Time elected and appointed shall, from and after such Election and Appointment, have the same Powers and Authorities in *11 Things, as if be had been particularly named and appointed by this present Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Commissionerf,

any five or more of them* (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as-aforesaidv shall after due Exami-. Voi.XII. jO, be

464

nation to grant Licrncc* to Pilots,

Penalty on Per-jfinns adding as Pilots without Licence.

Reception, tin Favour of Coal Barges, and Vessell in Diffrcls.

Rate of Pilotage ascertained s

Foreign Vessels to pay double Rates,

Additional

Rates.

Additional Rates refolded, Re.

C. 23. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

be one) and they are hereby authorised and required to examine and enquire into the Skill and Ability of every Person who shall tender or offer himself to be admitted as a Pilot within the said Port, by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby impowered to administer) or by such other Ways and Means as to them, or the major Part of them affemtded at such Meeting, shall seem proper; and if upon such Examination and Inquiry, the Person so offering himself as a Pilot within such Port shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or ' any five or more of them as aforesaid, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy aa aforesaid, shall be one) he shall receive a Licence or Warrant, containing his Name, Age, Stature, Complexion, and Place of Abode, and certifying that he is duly qualified to act as a Pilot to conduct Vessels into and out of the said Port; which Licence or Warrant shall be subscribed with the proper Hand-writing of five or more of the said Commissioners (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one); and from thenceforth such Person shall be deemed duly qualified to exercise and follow the Occupation and Rufioefs of a Pilot within the said Port.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven, hundred and seventy-six, if any Person or Persons shall take upon him or themselves to conduct or pilot any Ship, Vessel, or Barge, into or out of the said Port, without being licensed so to do as aforesaid by any one or more of the said Commissioners, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) which Licences the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) are hereby impowered to grant, in Writing under their Hands as aforesaid; every Person so offending, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding three Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to hinder the Matter or Commander for the Time being of any Barge not exceeding the Burthen of thirty Chaldrons of Coals, Boston Measure, being sixteen Metts, equal to thirty-six Bushels, agreeable to the Statute of the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne+ or thirty Tons Builders Admeasurement, from piloting or conducting such Barge to and from the said Port, or to subject such Matter or Commander to the Penalty above-mentioned, or to hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship, Vessel, or Barge, in Dit-tress, or to subject such Person or Persons to any of the Penalties in this Act for so piloting, conducting, or assisting; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no greater or other Rates or Prices of Pilotage shall be demanded or taken than the following; that is to say. For piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port any Ship, Vessel, or Bai^e, belonging to his Majesty's Subjects, drawing when loaded under twelve Feet of Water, from a certain Place within the said Port, commonly called or known by the Name of High-born, or from a certain other Place within the said Port, commonly called or known by the Name of Boston and Tofu to a certain other Place within the said Port, commonly called or known by the Name of The Scalp or Scolf or from the The Scab or Scoff aforesaid to High-horn aforesaid, or Boston and Toft aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall then draw; and from High-born aforesaid, or Boston and Toft aforesaid, to Boston aforesaid, or from Boften aforesaid to High-born aforesaid, or Boston and Toft aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall then draw; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port any Ship, Vessel, or Barge, belonging to his Majesty's Subjects, drawing when loaded twelve Feet of Water or upwards, from High-born aforesaid, or Boston and Toft aforesaid to The Scalp or Scoff aforesaid, or from The Scalp or Scoff aforesaid to High-horn aforesaid, or Boston and Toft aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall then draw; and from Highborn aforesaid, or Boston and Toft aforesaid, to Boston aforesaid, or from Boston aforesaid to High-horn»aforesaid, or Bfton and Toft aforesaid, the Sum of three Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall then draw, and so in Proportion for Half a Foot of Water, in all and every of the Cases aforesaid; but no Allowance shall be made for any Number of Inches not amounting to Half a Foot; and for piloting or conducting into or out of the said Port, from or to any of the Places herein before mentioned, any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Foreign Nation, Double the Rate or Price above limited for piloting or conducting the like Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty's Subjects: And for piloting or conducting any Ship, Vessel, or Barge, into or out of the said Port to or from the Buoy called The Knock-buoy, or to or from the Buoy called The Gat-buoy, or to or from any Place or Places to the seaward of the said Buoys; or to or from any Place or Places above the ibid Buoys and below Highborn or Boston and Toft aforesaid, Aich additional Sum or Sums of Money, either by the Foot or in Gross, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, ascertain, rate, and appoint, as a fixed and certain Payment for the same: Provided always, thatfuen additional Pilotage for Ships, Vessels, or Barges, to or from Places above the said Buoys and below the said High-horn or Rfton and Toft aforesaid, shall not exceed one Halfpenny per Foot per' Mile; and provided also, that no Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be charged with, or pay more of such additional Pilotage per Foot or in Gross, than the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty's Subjects of the like Burthen are charged with; and that no Foreign Ship or Vessel shall pay more Pilotage from Boston aforesaid to The Knock-buoy aforesaid, than is herein before directed and ascertained for the Pilotage of Ships or Vessels from Boston aforesaid to High-born or Boston and Toft aforesaid; and that the said several Rates of Pilotage, so to become due and payable as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint to receive the fame, (which Person or Persons they are hereby authorised to nominate and appoint) and at such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 23. 465

being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall for that Purpose nominate and appoint for the Re*

ceipt thereof,

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot or Pilots, so licensed as aforesaid, shall meet any Eitraontinary Ship, Vessel, or Barge, coming into the said Port, at or beyond the said Knock-buoy, or at any interme- Allowance so* diate Di fiance between the said Knock-buoy and High-hom or Boston and Toft aforesaid, and at the Desire Veflito

of the Owner, Master, or Commander, of the said Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall pilot or conduct the idboo fame to High-horn aforesaid, or Boston and Tqft aforesaid, or other Place of Safety within the said Port a".0* °oy9 between the said Knock-buoy and High-born aforesaid, or Boston and Tqft aforesaid, the said Pilot or Pilots, for piloting or conducing the said Ship, Vessel, or Barge, as aforesaid, shall have and receive from the Owner, Master, or Commander, of the said Ship, Vessel, or Barge, over and above the several fixed Rates of Pilotage by this Act settled and ascertained, any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of three Pounds and three Shillings, to be ascertained and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

(whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) in proportion to the Benefit received, and the Time and Trouble of the said Pilot or Pilots attending the same: Provided,

-that the said Commissioners shall not have ascertained and settled any fixed Price or Prices to be paid for the said Pilotage beyond High-born aforesaid, or Boston and Toft a«)aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionera, or any live or more of them, (whereof the Commissi'ten laid Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall, and they are hereby au- to ascertain thorised and required to com rad and agree with any Person or Persons for the Hire and Use of two or more Sloops for carrying and conveying the said Pilots up and down the Channels of the said Port, and to ascertain, rate, and appoint what Part of the said Rates or Prices of Pilotage shall be allowed and paid Jfgloofa* for the Hire and tJfe of the said Sloops, and for the Maintenance of Men and Boys to assist on Board, and go in the said 5loops, and for and towards the Maintenance of such Pilots licensed as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall from Time to Time consider as having become (uperanmiated in the Execution of their said Office, and for satisfying and paying such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid shall be one) shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint to feceive the said Rates and Prices of Pilotage as herein mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fee the said Commissioners, or Comm.EonefV any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall impwcre^ to be one) at any Time or Times to make, ordain, and establUh, such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, for the make Bye-Urn, better Regulation and Government of the Masters and Commanders of Ships, Vessels, and Barges, trading to and from the said Port, and of the Pilots lo to be appointed and licensed as aforesaid, and also from Time to Time, aaOccasion may be, to repeal, add to, amend* or alter such Orders, Rules, and Byelaws, as to them the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall seem meet and convenient; and to fix and and to impose a appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding five Pounds, for the Noo-observance, Non- Penalty of 51. performance, or other Breach of such Orders, Rules, or Bye-laws, or any of them, to be recovered by '«»A^renbn. such Ways and Means as are herein after directed for the Recovery of the Penalties by this Act in Aided; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Pilot* may lit

(whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) to suspend any of she Pilots to be appomted and licensed as aforesaid, who shall break such Orders, Rules, or Bye-laws, er £^"7 any of them, or omit any Thing required by the same, or ad in anywise contrary thereto; and if an^ h

Pilot, so suspended, shall, during the Time of such Suspension, after having had due Notice of the same* take upon himself to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel into or.out of the said Port, such Pilot shall, as often as he shall act as aforesaid as a Pilot during such Sufpcnfiop, be liable to the Penalty which * is provided by this Act against unlicensed Persons acting as Pilots.

- All. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof Bye.bwttofe the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall cause the said Orders, printed, with a Rules, and Bye-laws, and also a List of the Pilots so to be licensed as aforesaid, with the Rates or Prices of, Tlm

Pilotage, to oe from Time to Time printed and distributed, and likewise hungup in feme confojcuous Place at the Custom-house and Market-cross in Boston aforesaid \ provided alwaya, that the (kid Orders,

Rules, and Bye-laws, or any of them, be not contrary or repugnant to the Laws or, Statutes of the Realm -of Great Britain.

XIII. And be it further enacted, that in case any Pilot or Pilots, to be appointed and licensed as aforesaid, if Pilots m\C-shall refuse to take the Charge of any of his Majesty's Ships, or of any Ship, Vessel,'or Barge, in the behave. Com-Merchant's Service; or in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, ovifionm may (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) that arty such Pilot or Ll*

Pilots shall have mifoehaved him or themselves in the conducting of any Ship, Vessel, or Barge, or in the Execution of any other Part of his or their Duty as Pilots; or if any such Pilot or Pilots mall refuse to obey the Summons of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) requiring his or their Appearance, or shall 'break or ad contrary to such Orders, Rules, and Bye-laws, as the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall from Time to Time make in the Premises, or in any wise offend against this Act, then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) upon Examination thereof, are hereby authorised to annul the Licence or Licences granted to such. Pilot or Pilots, and to declare the same to be from thenceforth utterly void; and if any such Person or Persons shall, after such Declaration and Notice thereof given to him or them ia Person, or left at his at their usual Place

4&6 C.^23

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1776.

Pilot!, tbcm^h rtfuf-d to be. t..Jcen on bo»rd, to be. p« id their usual Fee.

Master to give the Pilot true Draught of Ship, &c.

on Penalty of 40 a.

Manner of Proceeding *n case Pilot kfpeftthe MaAtr'i Ac-ooatk.

Disputet to be settled by the Mayor, &c.

Pilotage of Ships outward bound to be secured, or pilot may refute to take the Charge,

On Nonpay. ment of Pilots Rates, the Mayor, &c. may Mraa,

Penalty for heating Pitch, &c. on Board any Ship in the Port, or the Limits thereof.

of ftkedt, aft at PHot or Pilots within the find (Port, Ihe or they i shall , os often as he or they shall a fit as a Pilot or Pilots within the said Port as aforesaid, be subject to the Penalty inflicted by this Act on un-Uceofed Persons aiding as Pilots.

XIV. And betft farther traded, That inenfe she Mtfteror CocniQBndcrKif any Ship, Vessel, 6r Barg* either inward or -oiftwtmJ bound, shall refute to take on Board and employ a Pilot to be appointed and Kcensed as aforesaid, who shall offer his Service, such Matter or Commander shall pay or cause to be paid the fall Pilotage according to the several Rates and Prices herein before directed to be paid, as if the said Pilot had feet* received and employed 4n conducing or piloting such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, into or oat of the fetid Port.

XV. And be it farther ewafted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship, Vessd, or Barge, so to be piloted or conduced into the said Port, shall, and is hereby required to declare and give a true Account to the Pilot ‘employed in <ond a stingm-piloting, or offering to conduct or pilot such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, of the Draught of Water such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall then *draw; and in case such Matter or Cotimiander mall rCforfe so to do, or maHgivean untrue Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, then be^lbalf forfeit, for every such Refusal opuntrve Account so by him given, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and further, m case of fock Refusal, or if the Pilot so employed or offering to be employed shall firipost the Truth of the Declaration or Account given, then such Pilot shall be and he is hereby authorised to mark such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, on ber Arrival, and when unloaded to lay her on Shore in (ome proper and convenient Place within the said Port, and there to admeasure or cause to be admeasured the said Ship, Vessel, or Barge, hi order to find the true Draught of Water she drew on her said Arrival; the Expence Whereof, inoafoof such Rdfufal, or if upon such Admeasurement it shall appear that the said Decforatiom or Aeeotfrft (brill betmtrae, shall bepatd by such Matter or Commander; btrt vn case the find Declaration or Aecoifnt shall upon such Admeasurement appear to be true, then the said Expenses shall be paid by the Collector to be appointed by virtue of this Act out of the Money in his Hands-orlfing from the Races herein beforetibefted to be paid for Pilotage; and if any Disputemall arise between the said Master, Commander and Pilot, concerning the Expence of laying the said Ship, Vessel, <or Barge, on Shore, and admeifuring her as aforesaid, then the same shall be settled and ascertained by the Mayor-of the said Borough-for the Time being, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace far the said Borough; and the said Expences, if refused to be paid by such Matter or Commander, m case he shall be liable to pay the same, ttidll be levied and recovered, with all Charges attending such Levying and Recovery, hi the same Manner, and by the Tame Meaaw, as are herein after given and directed for the Levying and Recovery of the Pilotage by this Act directed to be paid; and rn case the Pilot shall be liable to pay the dame, the said Expences shall, #f teffiffed to be paid by such Pilot, be levied and recovered, with-all Charges attending fufti Levying and Recovery, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Pilot, rn such Manner Os other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be levied and recovered by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Pilots, so to be appointed and licensed as aforesaid, shall beTecjuefted ly>tWe, Maffter, ‘Commander, Owner, Agent, or Cortfignee, of any Ship, Vessel, or Barge, outward bound, to rake the Chargeof Conduct of such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, it shall and may be lawful to Oind5 for such Pilot, 'previous to his taking fifCh 'Charge or Conduct, to demand a sufficient Security from such Master, Commander, 'Owner, Agent, or Comfigqee, for the Payment of such Pilotage -outward, according "to the Rates or Prices herein beforedlrested to be paid; and if such Matter, Comminder, Owner, Agent, t>r Consignee, shall tefufe to give such Secerity, then, and in such Case, such ^Pilst may rcfafe'to conduct or pttot such Ship, Vessel, or Baige, and shall no t he subject in respect thereof ttoanytof the Penalties inflicted by or In ptrr finance of this Act on Pilots refusing to take the Charge or ^Conduct of a Ship, Vessel, or Barge.

XVII. And be it further etrafted. That in case arty'Owner hr Matter, or any other Person having err taking tipdn himself, or appearing to have br take,‘thedommarnd, *Charg$, Agency, or Consignment, of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Barge or Barges, charged or chargeable with the said respective Rates *or Prices Of Pilotage hereby directed to be paid, mall refuse to pay the same, then, and in such Case, it IhaW and *moy be lawful tp and for the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or any one or more Justice orjuftioes of the Peace for the said Borough, and, preferable to, and notwithstanding any Right of Hypothecation, Attachment, A rr eft ment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any Fcrfoii or Perforts Whotnsoever, to Teize, take, and distrain, any of the Goods, Gtms, Ropes, Tackle, furniture, and Apparel, Of or belonging to any such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vefleh, Barge or Barges, and the same to detain and keep until the Sum or Sums of Money due for piloting or conducting uich Ship or Ships, Vcirftbr Vessels, Barge or Barges, into or out of the said Port, according to the said Rates

ft*ioes, and reasonaWe Charges previous to ‘jmd for taking such Distress, ftaTl be paid and fati??fied 5 and inoafe of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of such 6am or Sums of Money and Charges, for the Space of three Days next after such seizing, taking, for distraining, then it shall and may be lawful to and far The said Mayor, Justice or Justices, to cause the same to be appraised 'by any two sufficient Persons or Appraisers of the said Borough, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the said Goods so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy the said Rates or'Prrces of Pilotage so due and unpaid, with all reasonable Ch irge*s 'Of such Proceedings previous to and attending such taking, seizin^, tlittniiming, appraHing, and lelii.ig, "rendering the said ‘Rates or Prices so due and unpaid to the Pilot or Pilots Entitled thereto; and the Ove?-Jplus (rf any there be after the said Charges are deducted j to the Matters or Owners, Agems or Consignees, upon Demand.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Commander, or other Officer, of any Ship, 'Vessel, Barge, or Lighter, shall, during the Time such Ship, Vessel, Barge, or Lirh'er. shall ‘lie in th-ft: Part of the said Haven and Harbour which is betwixt the Grand Sluice in the U'ci t^h, and hfe Black Sluict in the Hamlet caHed Skirbed 2>jiart?r> in the Partfh of Skirbeck, in the i;:;d County of £/*-

3

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo icxto Georgii III. c. 23. 467

Mayor or Justice to hear and determine Offences,

If Penalty ndt paid on Demand, to be levied by Dif-trefi.

If no-Goadw^i*

be found, Offender to be committed.

Application o(t Penalties.

heat, "boil, or melt, or cause dr permit to be heated, boiled, or melted, on board any fufti Ship,

Vessial, Barge, or Lighter, any Pitch, Tar, Roftn, Grease, Tallow, Oil, or any other combustible Matter; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of one or more Witness or Wit-neffbi, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That k shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peaee for the said Borough, to hear and determine any of the Offences which are by this Act made punishable by any pecuniary re-sal ties; and fetch Mayor, Justice or Justice6 of the Peace, shall, and are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Cocnplaint made, in that Behalf, within three Calendar Months after such Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side, or, if such Information or Complaint shall be verified upon Oath, (which Oath the said Mayor and Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) by one err more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties so offending; and upon he Appearance, Or Contempt of the Party aecufed in not appearing, and Proof of Notice given, to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Gath the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, Is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) and to give such Sentence, Judgment, or determination, as shall be just, and conformable to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and where xhe Party accused shall be convrfted of such Offence upon such Information as aforesaid, or shall cowfefe ^the same, and, on Demand, IhaM refvfe or neglect to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture, together with the Costs and Charges previous to and of the Conviction, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor,

Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture, Ib adjudged to be incurred, ^together with the said Costs and Charges, by Drftrefe or Distresses on the Goods and Chattels of the Off ender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not beadeemed in three Days, rendering to the Party off ending, after Payment of the fak) Penalties, and-all the Costs previous to and of the Conviction, Dfftrefe and Sale, the Overplus (if any there be) on Demand $ and in case any Person or Persons shall beconvifted, in pursuance of this Act, of any Offence punishable by pecuniary Penalties as aforesaid, and no Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so*offending can be found, then, *nd in such Case, it shall and may be lawful 'toand for fooh Mayor, or such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit every such Offender, and Offenders to the House of Cotreftion or Common Gaol of the said Borough, there to be kept »to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space Of three Calendar Months, or until such pecuniary Penalties shall be paid; which said pecuniary Penalties, ^together with the Costs and Charges aforesaid, so adjudged and paid, or levied in the Manner herein directed, shall go and be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) to be by them applied and distributed to and for the Relief of the said superannu&ted Pilots* in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Ticne to Time think meet md ttecessary.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawftfl to and for the said Mayor Pow.er to mirj-for the Time being, or such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid for the Time being, or airy nf gate'Penalties; ^them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, shall be given, pronbunced, or made, from Time to Time, wherefoe or they shall see Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, where the same are fixed by this Act, and not left to the Discretion of the said Mayor, Justice, or Justices, as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalty inflicted and ditested to be levied by or m pursuance of this Act; and every such Mitigation or Compofmon shall be a sufficient, D?f- charge^ for the Persons offending respectively, fix so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

XXI. And be it ftmherenacted, That in trafe any Person or Persons shall think hrmfeW or themselvfcs aggrieved by sny Penalty or Penalties, Corrvfcftion or Convictions, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for him and them-to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hdden for the said Borough, or any Adjournment thereof, or any Adjournment of the then last preceding General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Pea^re holdetrfor the said Borough, who are hereby authorised and required to 'take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Comp)amts of the Person or Persons so thmkirtg him or themselves -aggrieved: And the said Justtecsmey, by Order of such Sessions, tttitigfcteJor annul, atfherr Discreftion, all or any of the Penalties laid on and incurred by the Party or Parties Complaining, or alter or vacate the said Conviction or Convictions, and set the Party or Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and give such Costs to the Appellants or Respondents as they shall think fit; but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid, shall previously enter irrto a Recognisance before the Mayor for the Time being, or any Justke of the Peace for the said Borough, with two sufficient Sureties, to prosecute such Appeal at the ne*t General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Borough, or any Adjournment thereof, or any Adjournment of the then aft preceding General Sessions or

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said Borough; and every such Appeal shall, at such *h©set>eter-. General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, be heard and shall

'finally determined., ' beW*

XaII. Provided nererthftefs, and be it enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings, to be had or proceeding* not by or before any Mayor, Justice or Justices of the Peace of the! said Borough, m relation to the tobeq«. %i

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the SdSona.

made

'Premises, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only; and that it shall and may be sufficient for such Mayor, Justice or Justices, to draw up the Conviction of any Offender against this present Act in the following Form, or Words to that Effect;

' Borough

for Wxot of Form.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

468

Form of Coo* viction.

Commissionert to affix and set down Mooring-posta, &c. and to lay down fridges oret the Creek*

Affixing Mooring-pofti and Bridget restrict-cd to certain Place*

Ko Mooring-foftt, &c. to prejudice any Worki executed under the Drainage Act of t Geo. 3.

Additional Bate* to be taken after June »77<*

Coal*, Atto be

delivered within the Distrish of Wainfleet, &c. exempted from the Tonnage. Commissione?* impowered to borrow 10^ o1. and to assign the Duties as a Security.

C. 33.

A.D. 1776.

borough of ? ‘ TYE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our

Bottoa. Lrord is (or are) convicted before of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, by virtue of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,y*r the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and setting down Mooring- posts upon the Banks or High Marshes within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port\ and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Mivrjbes within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour; [specifying the Offence, Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be. J

4 Given under Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid/

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy, as aforesaid, shall be one) to affix and set down, or cause to be.affixed and set down, within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, a sufficient Number of Mooring-posts for the Me mooring of Ships, vessels, and Barges, in the said Haven and Harbour; and also to affix and lay down, or cause to be affixed and laid down. Bridges of Wood over the Creeks upon the High MaHhes within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, where the same shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) be deemed neccfliry, for the Convenience of towing or haling Ships, Vessels, and Barges, into and out of the said Port; the Property and Right of which Mooring-posts and Bridges to be affixed, set, and laid down as aforesaid, and of all Materials of which the same shall consist, are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for ever; and they, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) are hereby impowered from Time to Time to bring, or cadfis to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk> against any rerfoo or Persons who shall wilfully injure or damage the same.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall impower the said Commissioners to affix or set down any of the said Mooring-posts, except on the Banks of the said Haven, or unon the High Marfties, or to affix or set down any of the said Bridges, but on the said High Marines; and (b as neither the said Mooring-posts, nor the said Bridges, be affixed or set down within a left Distance than twenty Feet from the Edge of the said High Marfties.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Mooring-posts to be set down, and Bridges laid over any of the said Creeks, or any other Works whatsoever to be made and erected by the said Commissioners, shall be constructed or made so as in anywise to prejudice, obstruct, prevent, or defeat, any Works made or executed determined by the General Commissioners of Drainage and Navigation, acting under" a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act

draining and preferring certain Law Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the High-bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston /0 the SraJ.

AX

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand Aven hundred and feveoty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) or for such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall appoint for that Purpose, to demand, collect, receive, and take, as a Tonnage or Duty, over and above the several Rates and Dues paid and payable before the passing of this Act, of and from all and every the Masters or Commanders of every Ship, Vessel, or Barge, belonging to his Majesty's Subjects, arriving at or coming to the said Port laden with Coals, and delivering the same within the Limits thereof, any bum of Money not exceeding one Penny per Chaldron, Boston Measure^ for each and every Chaldron of Coals on board such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, so delivered as aforesaid; and also of and from all and every the Masters or Commanders of every Ship, Vessel, or Barge, belonging to his said Majesty's Subjects, as well those bound inward as outward, laden with any other Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, and delivering or lading the same within the Limits aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding one Penny per Ton, for each and every Ton of ‘Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, on board such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, so delivered or laden as aforesaid; and also of and from all and every the Masters or Commanders of every Foreign Ship or Vessel any Sum of Money not exceeding double the Duty or Tonnage, in the respective Cases before mentioned, payable ' by Masters of Ships, Vessels, or Barges, belonging to his Majesty's Subjects.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to subject any Coals, Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, to the Payment of the said Duty of one Penny per Chaldron or Ton, which may be delivered or laden within the Districts of Wainfleet, on the Lincolnshire Coast, or any Coals, Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, coming and going to and from any Place or Places within the Limits of the said Port only.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the said Tonnage or Duties payable by this Act, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall think needful, not exceeding the Sum of two thousand Pounds; and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by any Writing or Writings without Stamp, under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said Tonnage or Duties, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons for any Term or Number of Years, as a Security or Securities for the Sums of Money that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose b^the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 23. 469

Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing t#

any Part or Parti of the said gross Sutn of two thousand Pounds, in respect of Priority of advancing his# 10 a

her, or their Part or Parts thereof; but that all such Lenders and Persons to whom such Affisnments shall u

be made as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall, so far as the gross Sum shall extend, be, and are thereby declared to be. Creditors on the said Tonnage or Duties in equal Degree one with another.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Assignment Assignment* or Alignments of the said Tonnage or Duties shall be made by virtue of this Act, his, her, or their Exe- »y betrao^ cutors or Administrators, shall and may, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorised, from Time to tnx

Time, by any Instrument in Writing, or by signing any Indorsement on his, her, or their Security or Securities, in the following Words, or in Words to the same or the like Effect:

I A.B. do hereby assign and transfer all my Title and Interest in the principal Sum and Interest secured Form of Traaf-

JL by the within Assignment to C. D> his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.' to*

To assign and transfer his, her, and their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the principal and Interest!

Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Instrument or Indorsement shall be without Stamp; and the same, so made and finned,.and entered with the Clerk to> the said Commissioners for which he shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more,-shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Admini~ fixators, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof; and such Person and Persons, Executors or Administrators, may in like Manner indorse and transfer the same again, and so toties queues; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made such Instrument or Indorsement to make void, re* leafo, or discharge the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Commissioner or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, may appoint shall be one) to chuse and appoint a Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, and such other Officers or Persons as they shall judge necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, and to settle such Fees and Salaries to be and allow them taken by such Officers as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor Salaries for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall from Time to Time judge reasonable; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of thepr, and to appoint others in their Stead; and TWowr and that the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his- Coliedor togivr Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall take of such Treasurer and Collector, fotobechofen and appointed as? Sccur,tJ* aforesaid, such good and sufficient Security for the due Execution of their respective Offices as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet; and that all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time,-when' Officer* t* fetdr thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for *nd

the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) deliver to the said Commissioners, or any five vhnrtQuheiF' or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) by Commission* or to such other Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the en.-Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall for that Purpose appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands upon Oath, (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer) of all Monies which he, they, and every of them respectively, shall to that Time have received by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and difourfed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall then appear to be in their Hands to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall ue one) or to

such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) shall appoint to receive the same: And if any such Officer or Any Officer re* other Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver fufingteacup all the Vouchers relating to the same, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or shall neglect or* cwint, Ac* refuse to pay the Money due on such Account in Manner aforesaidor if any such Officer or other Per— ton shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,/ (whereof' the said Mayor *son the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days next after his or their being required so to do by the said Commissioners, or any five, or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) all the Books, Papers and other Writings, in his or their Custody or.

Power, relating to the Execution of this Act; then, and in all or any of the said cases, it shall and may:

be lawful to and for the Mayor, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough,-

and he or they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint made thereof, to make Enquiry concerning;

such Default in a fwnmary Way, as well by Confession of the Party, as by the Testimony of one or more

credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Mayor, or such Justice or Justices, is arkU

are hereby impowered and required to administer); and if any such Officer or other Person shall be con- to4* committed*

vided of any of the Offences aforesaid, the said Mayor, or such Justice and Justices, shall commit the

Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the said Borough, there to remain, without Bail or Main—

Erize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall* ave compounded for the same with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the-(aid Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy, as aforesaid, shall be one) and shall have paid such Com— position in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) are hereby impowered to make, And until he shall have delivered up such-Books, Papers, and Writings ass

aforesaid,.

47®

ComrtrifUorfer holding any Office of Profit under this Act, not to ad ai fuel*

Ho* Ccltedbr,

&c. to proceed3 in caleof Vessels departing without paying Duties,

King's Ships of War, &c. exempted from Dutier.

Mooring-posts and Bridges to be kept in Repair.

Application of lh#D(itirs arising bf tbfc Ad.

Extent of the Harbour and Hatan, fit.

Writings to be without Stamps.

This Act not to acted the Tri-nitv-house of Kingston, &c.

Steing' of Rights

This Act rot to prejudice Works of B!-ck Sluice Commissioners.

Distrrfs no* ?o h" denned un-i .\a ill lor W^ftt ol rour-, &c.

C. 23. Anna dectma fexta Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

aforesaid, of given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any five* or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor so* tho Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one.)

XXXI. And bo. itfiurther enacted, That if any Commissioner appointed by, or to be elected in pucfuanct of, this Act, (halt at any Time accept of any Office of Profit under this Act, such Commissioner, if'a Mem* her of the said Corporation*, shall not; during his Continuance in such Office, aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act j and such Commissioner, if not a Member of the said Corporation, shall cease to be a Commissioner, and another Pedbh shall be elected a Commissioner in his Place, as herein before directed.

XXXII. And, 4 to the Intent the said Tonnage or Duties may be truly answered and paid/ be it further enacted, That in case any Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall depart out of the said Port without the said Ton* Hage or Duties being paid, then the Collector of the said Tonnage or Duties shall give Notice thereof to the Collector of his Majesty's ;Customs, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, or their respective Deputies, at the Port of Boston aforesaid 5 and such Collector, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, or their Deputies, shall nofl after such Notice take or receive any Entry or Cocquet, or Bifdmge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards fof such Ship, Vessd, or Barge, British or Foreign, liable or subject to the Payment of the said Tonnage or Duties, until double the Tonnage or Duties so left unpaid shall be paid to the Col* feftor of the fatdTonnage or Duties.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or anyi Vessel oc Wherry employed in the Service of his Majesty's Revenue, with any of the Duties hereby granted*

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Mooring-posts and Bridges shall from Time to Tim* be maintained and kept in good and sufficient Repair, so ais the Shipping and Trade of the said Borough and Port may be effectually benefited thereby, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act^ and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be one) from Time to Time, out of the said Tonnage and Duties granted by this Act, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof* to pay all just and reasonable Sums of Money and Charges that shall or may be expended and accrue in obtaining this Act, and in buying, fixing, setting, laying down, maintaining and repairing, the said Mooring-posts and Bridges, together with all Salaries and other Charges which shall be proper and ne- ceflary for the several Purposes directed by this Act, and which shall be incurred by them in pursuance of this Aftj and shall apply the Surplus-money arising from the said Tonnage and Duties granted by this Act, after all the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof is paid, towards the Discharge of the principal Sum borrowed on the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes of this Act, the Harbour and Haven of the said Borough and Port of Bojion shall be deemed to extend from the Grand Sluice in the Borough ^fore-said, to the Place commonly called or known by the Name of The Scalp or Scolf aforesaid; and that the said Port shall be deemed to extend throughout and over all the Limits of the Admiralty Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Boston aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgment* Conviction, Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, touching or in Execution of any Power or Authority* hereby granted, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take

away, abridge, defeat, impeach, or interrupt, any Grants, Liberties, Franchises, and Privileges, heretofore granted to, or which by any ancient Usage and Custom have from Time to Time been enjoyed and* used by, the Pilots of the Trinhy-house of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, or the Trinity-heuse of Neiv-cajile upon Tyne,

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to invalidate, alter, leflert, takeaway, impeach, or defeat, any of the Rights, Grants, Liberties, Powers, Franchises, Privileges, Dues, Payments, and Revenues, heretofore granted, or which by any Charter, ancient tlfage, Prescription, or Custom, have from Time to Time been had, enjoyed, received, taken and ufedr by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough of Boston, or by any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate whatsoever, nor to affect any landed Property adjoining to the said Harbour} but that the same shall stand, remain, and be in their full Force and Effect, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith- (landing.

JlXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, obstruct, prevent, or defeat, any of the Works made or to be made in pursuance of an Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn in th* Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln } and in pursuance of an Act made in the tentB Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act crude in ther fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; or to impower the Commissioners ufting by virtue of this Act to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, leften, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities, which by the said two last mentioned Acts were vested in all or any of the Commissioners acting under the said Acts, but that the same shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any I)istress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, or the Party on

Parties

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24; 471

Parties making the same deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of apy Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trpfpafler or Trespassers qb initio, on account of any Irregularity, which shall be afterwards done by the Party pr Parties distraining 5 but the Per (of or Per fens. aggrieved byv such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special pamajje in an Acton upon The Case; '

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, Tha^t no Plaintiffpr Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action* Plaintiff not to or Actions for such Irregularity, if sufficient Tender of Amends in all have been piade t9hirn, her, ortbe(T), «rc v.r f Tenby or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such, 'brought* \ " v~ j|cr Amend*

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any AC(ion or Suie'()bal( comtpencedf ajgaiijft any ^erson m#d!* -or Persons for any Matter or Thing done ip purfijance of this A<$, every such Action or Suit shall be a Som00 of commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of ACUph shall arise, aq4 shall he laid and brought in the County of Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the pefe^ ^Pel^odanti hr fi^h or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and gives this AAV ¥*Athe Special M^tfer in Evidence a^t any- General Issue# Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter in questippwas, done VP by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have beep fp or* if hf S^it shall be broughf jsjixer the

[Treble Costs.]

Time herein before limited in that Behalf, pr shall be bought in puy, oth|er County or Place chap as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; a^d ,qpon such y erdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their A^on or Suit after the ppfen$an$ fibril fiave appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be givep against t^e Plaintiff or Plaipuffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cpfts^of Suit, ujpop ^a3e/or perti^pate of the Judge or Judges before whom such Cause shall I# tried* of all or any, of thp CifcmnftapqqV before, mentioned, as the Case may happen, and shall have the Iikp jBLen^eJy for reqoypring tf)c lamp as any

Defendant or Defendants hath Or have in other Cases by TaVr

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Adkiop or <$ujtt (ba}J be commenced against apy^ No Action&all Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of- this Act, until Notice thereof In Writing be brought till shall have been delivered to him or them, or left a* his or their Pfece or places of Abode, by the Party fter. intending to commence such Action, or his Attorney or Agent, one Calendar fylbnth'at the leafs, before Monthe Notice, such AChon brought; in which Notice the Cause of such Adiop shall be clearly expressed, and on the Back thereof shall be ind/orfed the Name, of the Plaintiff, his 'Attorney or Agent; and that no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Case, unless it be proved upon the Trial that such I^otice was given as aicre-iaid; but in Default thereof, a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, together with the like Costs of Suit as though the Verdict had been given upon the Merits.

[Public Act.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts- txf Judicature.within this Kingdom as a Public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof judicially as finch, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, now held in Trust for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for 5eamen at Greenwich, ip thp Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by his Majesty's Letters Patent. 1

c *\WHEREAS their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary% by Letters Patent under the Pfcaml,!

yV Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the twenty-fifth Day of October which was in the Recital of Ler- Sixth Year of their Reign, did give and grant unto Sir John Somers Knight, then Keeper of the Great !?' p!^n.|.cf 4 Seal, and sundry other Persons therein named, a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, with a capital andn(Wc,um

Messuage erected thereon, situate and being within the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent% Mary/dated

in the said Letters Patent particularly mentioned and described, to hold to the said Sir John Somers and Oct. 25, in the the other Grantees, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to be holden of the Crown as of its Manor of Sixth Year of East Greenwich in free and common Soccage by Fealty only and without Rent, to the Intent that the their.Re'8n, 4 Premises should be converted into an Hospital for the Relief of Seamen of the Royal Navy incapable. j^h^Somcrtr

to maintain themselves, their Widows and Children, and for the Encouragement of Seamen and Im- and other*,

provement of Navigation; and that so soon as the Buildings should be finished, and the Crown should Piece of Ground, establish a Corporation for the Government of the said Hospital, the said Grantees, and the Survivors of &c-in Ea

them, his or their Heirs and Assigns, should, by Appointment of the Crown, convey the Premises unto Greenwich>

such Corporation: And whereas their late Majesties Queen Anne, King George the First, and King George the Second, and his present Majesty, did severally grant unto certain Persons several Comm il

4 Cons, enabling them to prosecute and complete the Building of the said Hospital, and did also grant fe-v 4 veral Poyyers for the Management thereof; but no Corporation for the Purpose aforesaid was establishe4 4 until the Sijcth Day of December now last part: And whereas the several Grantees named in the said Letters Patent have long fipce departed this Life, and it cannot be discovered at this Distance of Time who was the Survivor of the said Grantees, or in whom the legal Estate of and in the said Piece or Par- cel of Ground and Capital Messuage, in the said Letters Patent mentioned and described, is now veiled 1 4 And whereas, in Prosecution of the Scheme for building the said Hospital, and providing suitable Ac- commodations thereto, it became necessary to purchase sundry Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and.

4 Hereditaments, adjoining to the before mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground and Capital Messuage; and c; such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, no Corporation being then established, were conveyed at divers Times to sundry Persons, who were then Commissioners or Governors of the

4. said Hospital, for the Use thereof, determined by Means whereof the legal Estates of apd in such purchased Premises became and are now veiled in many Persons, feme of whom are wholly unconnected Vol. XII - 3 P - with

47*

Rfcital of Act 2* Geo. !!. for vesting the EiUtes of the Ire Eat) of Dcr-wentwater, and Cha. Radcliffe, in Trtifteet, for the Benefit of Greenwich Hof-pitali &c«

C. 24. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

with the Affairs of the said Hospital, and others of them, from the great Effluxion of Time since such Purchases were so made, cannot now be discov/ered: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, c An AttJ'or vejling the several Estates of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe, deceased, comprised in several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an also lute Estate of Inheritance for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for raising certain Sums of Money, cut of Part of the said Estates%for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe 5 after reciting as therein is recited, it was enacted, That the Barony, Manor, or Lordship of Langley, with the Rights, Members, and Appur- tc nances thereof, in the County of Northumberland, and also all those the Manors of Whittingflail alias uittingflalf and Newlands, Dilflon, alias Develflon, Aydon-Shields, Warke, Elrington, and Mel don, and every of them, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, in the said County of Northumberland, and all those Manors or reputed Manors of Spindleston, Utchester, Throckley, Coajlley, 4 Middleton-half East Thornton, alias Thornton Fall, Wefhvood, and Thornborough, and every of them, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, in the said County of Northumberland-9 4 and also all that the Advowson of the Church of Symondburne, with the Appurtenances, in the said f County of Northumberland; and also all those Manors or reputed Manors of Cafllcrigg and Derwentwater alias Keswick and Thornthwaite, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, in the County of Cumberland\ and also all that the Manor of Scremcrston, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, in the County Palatine of Durham; and also all and singular the Messuages, Granges, 1 Farms, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, late the Estates of the said Earl of Derwentwater, or whereof he was seised of any

4 Estate of Inheritance in Possession, Revernon, Remainder, or Expectancy, situate, lying or being in the said Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, and County Palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their Appurtenances, which, by certain Indentures of Lease and Release therein recited, bearing Date the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, were settled, limited, and afitired to the Uses in the said Indenture of Release of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, mentioned, and the Reversion and Reverfiafns, Rc- mainder and Remainders, Rents, flues, and Profits, of all and singular the same Premises should, ? from and immediately after the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe in the said Act named, be, and be deemed to have been, diverted out of his then Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and settled upon and vested in, and the same were thereby from thenceforth settled upon and vested in, the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the Right Honourable Henry Fox Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, freed, acquitted, and absolutely discharged, of, from, and against all and every the Uses, Estates, and Limitations, in and by the said Indenture of Release or Settlement, dated the twenty- fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, limited and created of and concerning the same, to and for the first and other Sons of the said Charles} Radcliffe, and the Issue Male of such first and other Sons, and freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, c Claim, and Demand, as was vested in his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the several Attainders in the said Act mentioned, or of the several Acts of Parliament in the said Act recited, or any of them; and also freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest,

4 Claim, and Demand, as was vested, or that might or could accrue or belong to his said late Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Reason or Mean* of James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Kadcjijff}, in the said Act named, of either of them* having been born out of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, or other wise howfoeyer, (faye as therein after was saved) to the Use of them thip laid Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of five hundred Years, to be computed from the Day of the Death of the said Charles Radcbff, and from thence next ensuing and fully to be complete and ende^,% 4 without Impeachment of Waste; and, from and after the End, Expiration, or other sooner Determiji^tion of the said Term, then to and for the only proper Use and Behoof of the Right Honourable Alchf- bald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith Esquire, James GwYmqn Esquire, Sir John Thompson Knight, Sir James Creed, Knight, Peter Burrell Esquire, William Fazvtener Esquire, William Baxter Esquire, Edward Vernon Esquire, Thomas Ripley Esquire, Doctor David Coc*burn, James Spilman Esquire, William Allix Esquire, Fitzwilliam rlumptre Esquire, William Youiyg Esquire, and Captain Francis Danfays, then being sixteen of the Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, their Heirs and Assigns for ever; in Trust, nevertheless, for themselves and the rest of the Commissioners or Governors and Directors for the Tinje being of the said Royal Hospital, for the Uses and Purposes following; (that is to say) In the first Place, for and towards the finishing and completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital; and after the Building of the same should be completed and finished, for and towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital, and for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital worn out and be- come decrepid in the Service of their Country: And it was thereby further enacted, that the Manor and Lordship of Alflone alias Alstone Moore, and Garrigill, and all and every the Rights, Members, and Ap- purtenances thereunto belonging, in the said County of Cumberland, and all those the two Parts (the Whole into three parts to be divided) of the Manor and Lordship of Newton Hall in the said County of Northumberland; and all that the Moiety or one Half Part of the Village or Township of Butcland, in the Parish of Chollerton and County of Northumberland; and all those the Rectories or Parsonages of Kirke-Wclpingtcn, Harburne alias Hartburne, and Midford in the said County of Northumberland; and all and singular the Messuages, Tithes, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate,

lying, and being in the said County of Northumberland, which, by certain other Indentures of Lease a*d Kclrease, bearing Date the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of March one thousand fix hun-5 4 dred

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 473

dred and ninety-one, in the said Act mentioned, were settled, limited, and assured to the Uses in the ('aid Indenture of Release, of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety-one, mentioned; and which by virtue of the several Attainders in the said Act mentioned, and of the several Acts of Parliament in the AdCnow reciting respectively recited, or some of them, did then remain vested in his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, subject to such Appropriation of the Rents and Profits thereof for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich as in the Act now reciting is mentioned; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents,

Issues, and Profits, of all and Angular the said last mentioned Premises, should from thenceforth be divefled out of his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the same should be, and should be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth settled upon, and vested in, the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creedy Peter Burrelly William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, !Lhomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spibnan, William Allixy Fitzwilliam Plumptrey William Young, and Francis Danfays, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, in Trust nevertheless, for themselves and the rest of the Commissioners or Governors and Directors for the Time being of the said Royal Hospital, for and towards the finishing and Completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital, and, after the Building of the same should be completed and finished, for and towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, and Demand, as was vested in his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the several Attainders in the Act now reciting mentioned, or of the several Acts of Parliament therein also recited, or any of them, or otherwise howsoever, and freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such Right,

Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand, as any other Person or Persons whatsoever then had, or might, or could have had, in or to the said last mentioned Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or in or to any Part or Parcel thereof, upon any Account whatsoever, five as therein after is mentioned: And it was thereby also enacted, That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creedy Peter Burrelly William Fawkenery William Baxter,

Edward Vernon9 Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, William Allixy Fitzwilliam Plumptre,

William Young, and Francis Danfays, their Heirs and Assigns, should, in Trust as aforesaid, but subject to the Term of five hundred Years, (as to the Premises comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and as the same was therein before created and limited,) bold and enjoy all and Angular the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments^comprised in the said Settlements of the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety-one, and twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve ;r and which are therein before vested, or mentioned to be vested, in the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gunman9 Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creedy Peter Burrell, William Fawkener y William Baxter, Edward Vernon,

Thomas Ripley, David Ccckburn, James Spilman, William AUix, Fitzwilliam Plumptrey William Young, and Francis Danfays, and the same should be, and be deemed to be, held of the said late King's Majesty, his Heirs and aucceflors, as of his said late Majesty's Manor of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, by free and common Soccage Tenure; but nevertheless the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, should be, and should be deemed to be, subject to such Quit-rents, Crown-rents, and Dutchy-rents, issuing the reout respectively, as the same were respectively liable to on the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen: And it was thereby also enacted and declared, Commissioners That the then present or future Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Royal Hospital at or Governor* Greenwich, or any of them, should not be answerable or accountable to any Person or Persons, other accountable to than to the said Royal Hospital, for or in respect of all or any Part of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised in the Indentures of Lease and Release of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Days of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in the said Act recited, which had accrued or become due from the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, and which had then already been, or should thereafter be received by them, or any of them, except by lay- Exception, rng such Accounts before his Majesty and hoth Houses of Parliament, as by a certain Act, of the eighth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, is directed; but that all such Rents, Issues, and Profits, and all Fines and Sums of Money which had accrued or become due or payable from the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, should be appropriated and applied to the Uses and for the Purposes in the said Act, of the eighth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, mentioned, and in the Act now reciting mentioned; nevertheless, that they the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors for the Time being, should from Time to Time lay the Accounts of their Receipts, Payments, and Disbursements, before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, as by the said recited Act, of the eighth Year of his said late Majesty, is directed, as well with respect to the Manors* Lands, and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, as with re-

S:<3 to the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement of the twenty-fourth ay of March one thousand six hundred and ninety-one; and after reciting, that by reason of the Limitation therein before made to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creedy Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cock burn, James Spilmany William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Manner aforesaid, a Doubt might be made whether the Tenants of the said Estates ought from thenceforth to do such Acts and Services, and pay such Fines and Sums, as, by the Nature and Tenure of their Estates, founded upon immemorial Usage and Custom or otherwise, they would be to have done and performed and paid on the Death of any Lord thereof, in case the Limitation of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

474

Upon the Death of hii late Majesty. Sec. tcift. ed, that Services be done, and Fines paid, by the Tenants, agreeable to ancient Tenure,

CommiTtcneri or Gf.vernrrs fmpowcrrd to appoint Stewards, Receivers, &c.

and to /ell Timber*

C. 24. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

taments, was made to a particular Person only and tiis Heirs 5 in order to make the like Provisions as were made by the Act of the eleventh Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for obliging the Tenants of the said Estates to do such Acts and Services, and to pay such Fines and bums of Money as aforesaid, it was further enacted, That upon the Death of his said late Majesty, and also upon the Death of every successive King and Queen of this Realm, all such Acts and Services should be done and joerformed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money should be paid by the respective Tenants of the said Estates to the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors for the Time being of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich* afc by the ancient Tenure thereof, or by any Contraft, Law, Usage or Custom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, had continued to be, or were actually vested in his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that he and they were to be considered as private Persons only, and not in their Politic Capacity; and foT Difault of Performance of such Acts and Services which ought so to be done and performed, and for Default of Payment of any such Fines and Sums of Moncv which ought so to be paid, such Forfeitures and Penalties should accrue and become due, and it should be lawful for the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors for the Time being of the said Royal Hospital, in the Name of any one of them, to use and take all such Ways and Means for recovering and taking Advantage of the said Forfeitures and Penalties as might be lawfully used or taken by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, had continued to be or were actually vested in his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private Persons only, and not in their Politic Capacity; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And it was thereby also further enacted, That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, should stand possessed of and interested in the Barony, Manors, Lands, and Hercdnarfients, by two several Indentures, both bearing Date the sixteenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, in the Act now reciting particularly mentioned, uespectively bargained, fold, and nlligned unto the faiA Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson, JVilli am Fawkener, and William Baxter, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during all the Rest, R^fidue, and Remainder then to come and unexpired, of the several Terms of five hundred Years and five hundred Years in the same Indentures mentioned; and that they the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, of such Survivor, should stand seised and possessed of and interested in the Sum of three thousand Pounds in the Act now reciting mentioned, and the Barony, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, charged with the Payment thereof, inTruft, for the Commissioners or Governors and Directors, for the Time being, of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and to the Intent that the said last mentioned Terms of five hundred Years and five hundred Years might attend 0nd wait upon the Freehold and Inheritance of the Premises therein respectively comprised, and by the Act now recitihe limited to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Greed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley,' David Cockbarn, James Spitman, William A I fix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, and tbprotest the same from all mesne Incumbrances, if any should happen to be; but subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice, to the said Term of five hundred Years therein before limited to the said Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox and Henry Fox, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, as aforesaid: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the CorrS-missioners or Governors and Directors, for the Time being, of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to appoint Stewards, Receivers, or Bailiffs, of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to invert them with full Power to receive and get in the Rents,* I flues, and Profits thereof, and to give Receipts, Discharges and Acquittances fot the and to hold Courts, and to do* and perform all Acts, Matters,

and Things, n^ccssary for the managing the said Premises, usually done and performed by Stewards* Receivers, and Bailiffs, and also to assign and allow such Salaries and Rewards to the said Stewards, Receivers, and Bailiffs, as the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being, or any seven dr more of them, should think requisite and necessary in that Behalf; and also that it should and might be lawfdl to and for the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital For the Tithe being, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to contract for the Sale of; and accordingly to make Sale and dispose of, all or any such Part or Parts of the Timber or Timber Trees on the said Estates, as they the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors, or any fevfen or mote of them, should think fit, and to authorise and appoint any Person or Persons to make any Contraft or Contrafts for the Sale of all or any Part or Parts of such Timber and Timber Trees, and to receive the Purchase money for the same, without being obliged to make any Application for all or any of those Purposes to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or to any Person or Persons whatsoever: And it was thereby also further enacted, That the Money to arise by the Sale of the said Timber should be applied to the Use of the said Hospital; but so nevertheless as that no Person or Persons who should purchase any Part of such Timber should be answerable for the Application of such Purchase money; and that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to direct the cutting down, from Time to Time, such Timber and Timber Trees from off the said Estates as they should at any Time adjudge necessary or fitting to be used in the repairing any Houses, Tenements, Buildings, or Erections, on the said Estates, or to be used in the building any new Houses, Tenements* Edifices, Buildings, or Structures, as they should judge fitting to be erected on the said Estates, or

6

475

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

c should think it necessary or reasonable to build or ere£bfor any Tenants of the said Estates, or for the * Benefit or Improvement of the Premises, or any Part thereof: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Governors and Directors for the Time toVantLwfes

being of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and Qf Mine*, Lands, at all Times thereafter, to demise and grant all and every or any of the Mines of Lead, Coal, and other See. for 21

Minerals, as well opened as not opened, within and under any of the aforesaid Lands and Premises, to Y«n. c any Person or Persons, for any I'erm or Number of Years not exceeding twenty-one Years, and to

grant Leases of all or any of the aforesaid Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, unto any Person or Persons for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding twenty-one Years, to take Effect in Possession, and not in Reversion, reserving in every Lease, Demise, or Grant of Mines, such Dues,

4 Rent or Rents, and Profits, as they should judge mod reasonable; and reserving on every other Lease'

and Demise the bed yearly or other Rents or Dues which can be reasonably gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift; and that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to grant in every such Lease,.

4 Demise, and Grant of Mines and Minerals, to the respective Adventurers, Lessee or Lessees of such Mines and Minerals, full Power and Liberty to win and work the same Mines and Minerals, and to do- every other reasonable Act and Thing requisite and necessary for that Purpose; but it was thereby enacted, That in every such Demise and Lease there should be contained a Condition of Re-entry for

Non-payment of the Rent and Rents thereby respectively to be reserved; and it should be requisite for the respective Lessees to execute Counterparts of all such Demises and Leases; and no Clause should be contained in any of the said Demises or Leases, other than in the Demises or Leases of the said Mines or Minerals, whereby to give Power to any LeflTee to commit Wade, or to exempt him, her, or them,.

from Punishment for committing the same: And after reciting that the Fines, Customs, and Services,.

4 by and under which several of the Tenants held their Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Estates, lying and being within several of the aforesaid Manors., were agreed, afeerrained, or expressed, in feme Ar- tides, Indenture, Deed or Writing, then or late in the Custody or Power of feme of the said Tenants,

which, if produced, might be a Means to prevent Disputes, Differences, and Suits, concerning the said'

4 Fines, Customs, and Services, and for the Quiet and Benefit both of the Lord and Tenants; and it might happen that such Tenants might refuse to produce or shew such Articles, Indenture, Deed, or Writing, it was therefore enacted, That it should and might be lawful, to and for any seven or more of the Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital for the Time being, to apply to his*

Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, by a Motion m a summary Way, against any Tenant or Tenants holding any Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Estates, lying and being within the said Manors,.

or any of them, of whose having in his, her, or their Custody orrower any such Articles, Indenture,

4 Deed or Writing, probable Evidence should be shewed to the Satisfaction of the said Court, for such Tenant or Tenants to produce and shew forth the same; upon which Motion it should and might be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer to examine and inquire into the said Matter, and make- such Order or Orders with respect to the producing and mewing forth any such Articles, Indenture,

4 Deed, or Writing, determined by any such Tenant or Tenants appearing to the said Court to have the same in his, her, or their Custody or Power, and with respect to any Copy or Copies to be had and made there- of, and such other Order or Orders concerning the same, as the said Court should think proper and

just: And it was thereby further enacted, That so (boh as it £bould happen that so many of then the Trustees im- laid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed, Peter Bur- powered, so soon 4 reU William Fcnvkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, as their Number 4 William Allixy Fitzwilliam Plumptre, Wiliam Young, and Francis Van fays, the Trustees nominated and appointed in and by the said Act, for and on Behalf of the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors cJ^fc 4 of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, should happen to die, so as that the Number of such Trustc'es &c,

should be reduced to eleven, or to any lesser Number, that then, and in that Case, it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, and they were thereby authorised, and impowered at any Time thereafter, by any Deed or Instrument in Writing under their respectiveHands and Seals, to be inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, to nominate fpch^other Persons as they the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, should think fit, in the Place of such of the said Trustees as should so happen to die; and that it should and might be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any seven or snore of them, and they were thereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, and at all Times afterwards, when and so often as any other of the said Trustees, or when and so often aa any of such other Persons as should be fq nominated as aforesaid, or any other Persons to be afterwards nominated in pursuance of the said Act (which they were thereby authorised and impowered to nominate accordingly) mould happen to die, by any such Deed or Instrument in Writing as aforesaid, to nominate such other Persons as they the said Commissioners or Governors and Directors, or any seven or more of them, should think fit, in the Place of all and every the Person and Persons so dying: And it was thereby also enabled and declared, That from and immediately after every such Nomination, all and Angular the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Powers, therein before limited and given to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompson, Sir James Creed, Peter Bur- rell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spil- man, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, and their Heirs as

aforesaid, should be well vested in the Persons who from Time to Time (hound be so nominated as aforesaid, jointly with the Survivors of the said Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, and in their r Heirs, in Trull, for the said Commissioners or Governors and Diie&ors of the said Hospital, as fully r

and J

476 C. 24. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Variooi Letters Patent recited: Granted' I. Car. I.

m3 Car. II.

3 Ann*.

3 Geo. II.

‘ tod 16 Geo. III.

Certain Ferlbnt,

in the reciting Patent describ-rd, incorporated. Their Name.

and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the Persons so to be nominated as aforesaid had been actually named in the Act now reciting, and the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

and Powers, had been thereby limited and given to them and the Survivors of the said Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, and their Heirs: And whereas the Persons, in whom the said Manors, Met- fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments were, by or by virtue of the said Act of Parliament,

veiled, have been several Times reduced to eleven or a less Number, and thereupon Appointments of New Trustees have been from Time to Time made, executed, and inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament: And whereas the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, fmee the passing of the said Act of Parliament, have made some small Purchases of Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, and County Palatine of Durham, for the better Accommodation of the Tenants of the Manors, Messuages,

4 Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised or mentioned in the said recited Act of Parliament;

and such purchased Premises have been conveyed to such Persons as, at the several Times of making such Purchases, were Trustees of the Estates lately belonging to the said Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe^ for the Use of the said Hospital: And whereas his late Majesty King Charles the First, determined by his Letters Patent, bearing Date on or about the thirteenth Day of February which was in the twelfth Year of his Reign, did appoint that certain Light-houses, which had been erected by Sir John Meldrum on the North and South Foreland\ should be continued, and that he might alter, renew, remove, or change them, and that there should be collected from every Vessel, whether belonging tp Subjects or Strangers,

parting by such Light-houses, certain Duties ^rTon, and gave several Directions for collecting and getting in the same, and granted the said Duties to the said Sir John Meldrum, his Executors, Admini- llrators, and Assigns, for fifty Years from the Date of the said Letters Patent, under the Rent of twenty Pounds, payable into the Exchequer by half-yearly Payments: And whereas his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Let ten Patent, bearing Date on or about the twenty-full Day of July which was in the twenty-third Year of His Reign, did grant the said Duties to John Smith Esquire, for the further Term of thirty Years, to commence from the Expiration of the former Grant to the said Sir John Meldrum: And whereas the said Duties afterwards became the Property of Robert OJbolfton Esquire:

4 And whereas her late Majesty Queen Anne, by her Letters Patent, bearing Date on or about the first Day of June which was in the third Year of her Reign, did grant the said Duties to the said Robert Of- bolfton% for the further Term of seventeen Years, to commence from the Expiration of the former Grant to the said John Smith; and the said Duties, together with three Messuages or Tenements situate on Saint Peters Hill in the City of London, by virtue of the Will of the said Robert OJbolfton, bearing Date *4' on or about the tenth Day of October which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, became the Property of the said Hospital: And whereas his late Majesty King George the Second, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date on or about the fourteenth Day of July which was in the third Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto Sir John Jennings, Joseph Soanes, rhilit Cavendish, Sir Garrard Conyers, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompson% Sir Thomas Colby, Samuel Holden, William Fawkener> Baltzar Lyelly John Hanburjy Ralph Radcliffe. Nicholas Clarke, William Baxter, Sidney Godcl- phiny Charles Chamberlain, Edward Vernony John Guy, William Collier, Jayes Sewell, Richard Moreton 4 Colin Campbell, Charles Fanburgh, and Joseph Bell, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, full Power and Authority, at their own Charges, with the Advice of skilful Seafaring Men, to continue, maintain, erect, alter, renew, and change, the respective Light-houses and Lights upon the North and South Foreland5 and did give and grant unto them, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, certain Duties payable for Ships and other Vessels having the Benefit of the said Light-Houses and Lights, u with Powers to collect the same, to hold to them, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for Ninety-nine years, from the Expiration, Surrender, Forfeiture, or other sooner Determination, of the Letters Patent therein recited, and the Grant thereby made to the said Robert OJbolftony in Trull, for the sole Use, Benefit, and Behoof, of the poor Seamen of the said Hospital: And whereas his present Majesty, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date on or about the sixth Day of December now last pall, after reciting the Letters Patent granted by King William and Queen Mary, Queen Anne, King George the First, and King George the Second, for the founding, erecting, and managing the said Hospital, as herein before mentioned; and also reciting, that it had been found that the Powers contained in the said recited Letters Patent had not been competent for the collecting, receiving, and applying, the Revenues, Rents, Profits, and Emoluments, given, appropriated, and belonging, or which might thereafter be given, ap- propriated, or belong to, or to the Use of the said Hospital, and had also been found inefficient for other necessary and beneficial Purposes, whereby great Inconveniencies and Lodes had happened to the said Hospital, did ordain, appoint, and establish. That certain Persons, in the Letters Patent now reciting named and described, should forever thereafter be, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, one Body Po-f litic and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of The Commijponers and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen Greenwich in the County of Kent; and did also give sundry Powers to such Corporation for the better Regulation and Management thereof^ And whereas great Inconveniencies will arise to the said Corporation in case the legal Estates of and in the Piece or Parcel of Ground, Capital Mefluagr, and other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein before mentioned to be firuate, lying, and being at Greenwich and on Saint Peter's Hill aforesaid, and of and in the said Barony, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein before mentioned to be situate, lying and being in the Counries of Northumberland and Cumberland, and County Palatine of Durham, veiled by the said recited Act of Parliament or purchased as aforesaid, and of and in the said Light-house Duties, shall continue and remain in so many Persons as the same are now veiled in, and which Incon- veniencies will be wholly removed by vesting such legal Estates in the said Corporation, who are now capable by Law of taking and holding the same / may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

I

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

477

A.D. 1776.

Ci 2 ^ji«

and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Barony, Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Heredi- After Mar?, taments, and Light-house Duties, with their several Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, heretofore *776>nrft, given, granted, devised, settled upon, or vested in, or conveyed or limited or demised or assigned to, any Tenements, &c. Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for, or for the Use or Benefit of the said Hospital, or given, or granted ujor granted, or devised to the said Hospital, by any Gift, Grant, Letters Patent, Will, Letters of Admini- fonheUfe of, stration, Act of Parliament, Indentures, Deed roll, or other Deed in Writing, or otherwise howsoever, Greenwich Ho-and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, shall, f£ita*» veftfd in from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, be diverted out of all and every such Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the same an<! Go~ shall be, and shall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon and vested in < verao*, &c. the said Corporation, being the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent^ their Successors and Assigns, to the Use of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely discharged > of and from all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, and Demand, as any Person or Persons whatsoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the said Barony, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and Light-house Duties, or in of to any Part or Parcel thereof, upon any Account howsoever, favc as herein after is mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May Aa *» Geo. If. one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, all and every the Clauses and Powers herein before recited to repea,#d*‘ be contained in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the -

Second; and also so much of the Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty Kingi George the Second, as relates to laying the Accounts of the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby repealed

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital* l« what Marrs

their Successors and Assigns, shall hold and enjoy all and Angular the said Barony, Manors, Messuages, «er the Barony, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, and the same shall be and be deemed to be held of the 410

King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of his Majesty's Manor of East Greenwich in the County of"40 c *' Kent, by free and common Soccage Tenure; but nevertheless the said Barony, Manors, Messuages,.

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, shall be, and shall be deemed to be, subject to such*

Quit-rents, Crown-rents, and Dutchy-rents, issuing the reout respectively, as the same are now respectively liable to v

IV. And whereas, by reason of the settling of the said Barony,.Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene--4 ments, Tithes, and Hereditaments, in the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital in Manner aforesaid, a Doubt may be made whether the Tenants of the said Estates ought from*hence-41 forth to do such Acts and Services, and pay such Fines and Sums as, by the Nature and Tenure of their Estates, founded upon immemorial Usage and Custom or otherwise, they would be to have done and-1 4 performed and paid on the Death of any Lord thereof, in case the Settlement of the said Barony, Ma- nors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, was made to a particular Person

only and his Heirs; Now, in order to make the like Provisions as were made by an Act of Parliament,

made and passed in the eleventh Year and of the said Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for obliging the Tenants of the said Estates to do such Acts and Services* and to pay-

such Fines and Sums of Money as aforesaid,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Saucer to M upon the Death of his present Majesty (whom God long preserve for the Benefit of hris People),' and also P'rfom^, «nd upon the Death of every fticcellive King or Queen of this Realm, all such Acts and Services shall be done fh" Tenant* and performed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money shall be paid, by the respective Tenants of the said agreeable^the. Estates, to the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Koval Hospital, as by the ancient*Tenure ancient Tenure,* thereof^ or by any Contraft, Law, Usage or Custom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, ^nd Hereditaments, had continued to be or were actually vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private Persons Only, and not in their politic Capacity; and for Default of Performance of1 such Acts and Services-' which ought so to be done and performed, and for Default of Payment of any such Fines and Sums of '

Money which ought so to be paid, such Forfeitures and Penalties shall accrue and become due; and it shall How Forfeitures* be lawful for the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital to use and take all such *nd P«n«l*ie« Ways and Means for recovering and taking Advantage of the said Forfeitures and Penalties as might be rccow^ lawfully used or taken by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in case the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, wefe actually trested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private Persons only, and not in their politic Capacity; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, in All Stock An-whose Name or Names any Stock Annuities, or other Monies, is or are now-(landing or being in Trust nuitie*, &c. in- -for, or for the Use or Benefit of the said Hospital, or in whom any Stock Annuities, or other Monies, ^the bath or have been inverted for, or for the Use or Benefit of the said Hospital, and the Survivors and Sur- :*al° t'h£eHo~ vivor of them, or the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the parting this Act, artign and transfer such Stock Annuities, or other Monies as aforesaid, unto corporauon. the said Corporation.

VI. And whereas divers Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits, have been given,

granted, settled, appropriated, and established, for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital, and the Maintenance thereof, in and by divers Statutes heretofore made and now in Force; and divers Modes

have.

478

All Penalties,

Gifts, &c. given

to or veiled in any Persons for

»the Benefit of the Hospital.

shall, a iter May I, 1776, be vested in the Coromiflianefj, c.

>Pro»ifo.

This Act not to invalidate Leases, &c.

Part of an Act 33 Geo. II. xe-pcakd.

'Public Act,

[Preamble,

Commissionert

appointed.

G. -2-5, *216. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

have been prescribed by such Statutes for the Recovery of such Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits; and Inconveniencies have arisen in pursuing such Modes for the Recovery thereof; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Mav one thousand seven hundred and seventyrfix, all and every Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits, given, granted, settled upon, or vested in, any Person or Persons whomsoever, in Trust for, or for the Use or Benefit of, the said Hospital, or given, granted, or appropriated to the said Hospital, shall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon, veiled in, and appropriated to, the Commissioners and* Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent> their Successors and Assigns, for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Hospital; and that all such Suits as shall or < may be necessary to be brought for the Recovery of any such Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, or other Benefits as aforesaid, or any Parts of them, or either of them, shall and may be brought, commenced, and prosecuted, by and in the Name of The Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen Greenwich in the County of Kent, in such and the same Manner as if such Penalties, Forfeitures, Gifts, Duties, and other Benefits as aforesaid, had accrued to the said CommiAsoners and Governors of the said Hospital in their Corporate Capacity; any Law, Statute, Ufiigc, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

‘VII.: Provided always, That all and every the Suits, Bills, Plaints, Informations, or Actions, which are now expending in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, shall and may be prosecuted and carried on in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

VIII. Provided also, That all and every Lease and Demise of all or any the Lands, Tenements, Mines, and Hereditaments, of or belonging to the said Royal Hospital, shall and may be, and are hereby deemed to be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, in such and the fume Manner as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, so much and such Part of an Act, made and passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kina George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual feeuring the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Nay,," as relates to the Manner of levying and recovering Penalties and Forfeitures, and Parts of Penalties and Forfeitures, given or granted to or for the Benefit of the said Hospital, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

-X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Boston, in *hie County of Lincoln; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein*

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for lighting and watching thp Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roada therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a; Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackman street in the Borough of Southwark.

WHEREAS the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, within the Parishes of Camberwell and Lam- y V bttb, in the County of Surrey, are large and populous, and daily increasing in Houses and Inha- bitants, and are not properly lighted and watened; and it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Villages, and certain Roads herein after deiferibed 4 (being within the said Parishes), were properly lighted and watched; and if a Foot Patrole was employed in the Night-time on the Road or Path which leads from the said Village of Peckham, over certain Fields,

called The North Fields, to Blackman-street in the Borough of Southwark: And whereas the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses within the said Villages, and on or near the Sides of the several Roads herein after described, are willing and desirous that a Rate should be raised upon themselves for the several Purposes aforesaid; but the lame cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Joseph Mawhey Baronet, Jaynes Scatuen, Claud Champion Crefpigny DoAor of Laws, William Shard, Thomas Jephfon, Isaac Heaton, Thomas Hog he, John Baker, Robert S err ell, George Jeffrey, Henry Hilton, John Fajfett, James Woodbridge, Henry Revely, Thomas Fraser, Robert Shank, Thomas Nash, Henry Maundy, Samuel Mason, Thomas Smith, Richard Hen-JhaWy Robert Franklin, Francis Hahn, Charles Bartrum, James Mill, the Reverend Richard Jones, Joseph Sill, Miles Stringer, Philip King, John Wells, Henry King George Brucker, the Reverend Richard Dodd,

William OJbom, Nicholas Nixon, Edward Clark, Jpfiab Monnery, Thomas Preston, Richard Laurence, John Mason, John Wright, William Tanner, Edward Shewell, John Castle, Samuel Goodman, Ono Titchimr, Edward Gardner, Oswald Strong, John Daniels, Samuel Payne, Henry Fergujfon, and the Vicar of the Parish of Camberwell for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act m Execution.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 479

II. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Trustees, herein named or hereafter to be elected, shall die, resign, or ref'use to aor shall remove out of the Limits of this Act, or otherwise shall become disqualified to athat then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, from Time to Time to elect and appoint one other fit Person reflding within the Limits of this Act to be a Trustee, in the Stead o( every Trustee so deceased, resigning, refusing to act, removing, or becoming any~wife disqualified as aforesaid; and every such Person, so from Time to Time elected and appointed, shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby impowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample Manner as if such Person had been particularly named and appointed in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act, unless, at the Time of his acting the rein, he shall be resident within the Limits of this Act, and shall be seised in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Post'ellion or Receipt of Rents and Profits of a real Estate in Law or Equity of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds above Reprifcs; or unless such Person shall rent or occupy Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Villages, or either of them, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds: And if any Person or Persons hereby made incapable to act, shall presume to act in the Trusts aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and every Person so prosecuted, or against whom such Action shall be brought, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and the Money to be recovered in such Action shall, after Payment of the Costs and Expences attending such Action, be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to meet at the Golden Lion in Camberwell, on the third Monday next after the passing of this Act, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet there, or at such other Place or Places within the said Villages of Camberwell or Peckham, as she said Trustees, or any five or more of them, mall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to cause the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, and likewise the several Roads herein after mentioned and described, to be properly lighted and watched; (that is to say,) The Road from the North End of the said Parish of Camberwell next the Turnpike at Walworth to the Village of Camberwell aforesaid; and also a Road called Coal Harbour Lane> leading from Camberwell aforesaid to a Place called Coal Harbour, in the said Parish of Lambeth y and also the Road leading from the South End of Camberwell aforesaid to a House known by the Name of The Fox under the Hilly and also the Road leading from Camberwell aforesaid to the Village of Peckham aforesaid, and from the said Village of Peckham to the East End of the said Parish of Camberwell; and also any other Road or Place, situate or being within the Distance of a Furlong from the Sides of any of the Roads herein before mentioned and described within the said Parishes, whereon there now are, or may hereafter be, any Houses or Buildings erected or built.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to compel the said Trustees

to light or watch any of the Places within the Limits aforesaid, called Little Orchard Rowy and Smith's Rowy or beyond the Grovc-house, in Grove-lane, Camberwell, or certain Places called Dowdals, otherwise Dowlas-lane y Winchester-yard, and Cow-walk, or beyond the House of Isaac Heaton Esquire in South-street, and the House of Elizabeth Shard in Shard's Laney in the said Village of Peckham, or the Road beyond the House in the Occupation of Barnard Turner\ called The Mnce-pie-house, on the South Side of the said Lane, leading to Coal Harbour from Camberwell aforesaid; or the Road beyond the House in the Occupation of James Mill, leading from Camberwell aforesaid to Dulwich y or the Road beyond the House in the Occupation of Thomas Hodgfony at the East End of Peckham aforesaid, unless the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall at any Time hereafter think it necessary and proper that those Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, £hould be lighted and watched. s

"VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause all their Proceedings relating to the Execution of this Act from Time to Time to be entered in a Book to be kept by them Tor that Purpose, and may (if they shall think fit) appoint a Clerk or Clerks for that Purpose; and the said Trustees, or any fiVe or more of them, may also from Time to Time appoint such Collector or Collectors, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think proper to employ in the Execution of this Act; and shall and may from Time to Time make such Allowances to all such Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, for their Trouble and Attendances in the Execution of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, at any of their General Meetings, from Time to Time think fit; and shall and may also (if they think fit) appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Receipt of the Money to be raised and collected by the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act; and every such Treasurer or Treasurers, so to be appointed, is and are hereby directed and required to account to the said Trustees, at the End of every three Months (or oftener, if required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them), for all Monies by him or them received and disbursed by virtue of this Act, and to pay such Money as upon the said Account shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, £*t any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the several and respective Uses and Purposes for which the same shall be raised or levied.

VIII. Provided always, That the said Trustees shall take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, and other Officers, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees, or any

When Trupees

dte, or refnlc to act, &c. otheis to be chosen.

Qualification of Trustees.

Penalty on Persons acting if not qualified.

Time and Plait of the first Meeting of Trustee*.

Street*, Square*, Roads, &c. to be 1 lighted and watched.

Trustee* not compellable ta light or watch certain Placet*

Trustees may appoint Officer*,

and make them Allowances for their Trouble.

Treasurer to account every three Months.

Officer* to give Security.

480 C. 26. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

No Victual!*r, &c. to h ;ld the Phce of Clerk, &c.

M'ettn^ to He l.civi annually.

TruPeW, at annual Meeting*, to make a

Pound-nte, to be act'fflVd on the Inhabitant!*

Ratrs not to ex* cred 2s. in the Pound.

I Vi rons under

JO1. >early Rent, &c. ex-e 'nn'ed from Rates.

Trustees to appoint Coll eiior 31

Their Power?*

Collectors to account to Trustees,

and ply all Monies collected to Persons appointed to receive the same.

[Penalty.]

Rates not paid within three Days after Demand, may be levied by Di-11 ref*.

five or more of them, shall think fit; but no Salary or Allowance whatsoever shall be made to any Trea-Curer or Treasurers upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever; but no Victualler, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, or any Place or Oiiice under this Act.

IX. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may from Time to Time be raised for the Purposes of this Act,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shal), and they are hereby authorised and required to meet in some convenient Place within the Villages of Camberwell or Peckham, upon the third Monday next after the passing of this Act, and shall also meet annually upon the first Monday next after the Feast of Saint John the BaptijU or within seven Days afterwards, at such Time and Place as they, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; Notice of the Time and Place of every such annual Meeting being first given in the Parish Church of Camberwell aforesaid on the Sunday next before every such Meeting; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of* them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required, at their first Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, and also at all subsequent annual Meetings which shall be held in pursuance of this Act, to make a Pound rate, to be equally assessed (towards defraying the Expences attending the watching and lighting the said Villages and the several Roads and Places aforesaid, and of employing the said Foot Patrole, and all other the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining of this Act, and the Execution thereof) upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, or enjoy, any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, situate within the said Villages of Peckham and Camberwell, or either of them, or within or upon any of the Roads to be lighted and watched as aforesaid, within the Distance of a Furlong from each Side of any of the said Roads; and also upon all and every other Person or Persons who by Law is, are, or shall be, chargeable and assessable for and towards the Relief of the Poor within the Limits of this Act, according to the real improved Rent or Value of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament aforesaid (except as herein after is excepted), for such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled at their first Meeting, or at any of their annual Meetings, shall order, direct, and appoint; and the said Rates or Assessments shall be signed by any five of the said Trustees, and shall be paid quarterly.

X. Provided always, That no Rate or Assessment directed to be made as aforesaid, shall exceed in the Whole the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid.

XI. Provided also, That all Persons who do or shall occupy Tenements under the yearly Sum of ten Pounds improved Rent, and who subsist only by their manual Labour, and do not keep arr open Shop for the Sale of Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, shall be freed and exempted from the Payment of the said Rates, or any Part thereof; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwit h (landing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands and Seals appoint for that Purpose, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments; and the said Collector or Colli stors is and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to collect and levy the same accordingly: And for the better enabling such Collector or Collectors to collect and levy the said Rates or AssessTmems, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to execute all such Warrants of Distress as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Surrey, against any Person or Persons who ought to pay the said Rates or Assessments, and who shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, in the same Manner, and as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor, by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute Warrants of Distress granted by Justicea of the Peace.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Collector or Collectors, and each of them, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make up, and render upon Oath to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at some public Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, as often as thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, a full, true, and perfect Account in Writing, of all Monies collected and received by him or them by virtue of this Act, and of all Monies rated or assessed and not received; and to pay over the Monies so by him or them collected and received, and remaining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, present at any such public Meeting, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same, to be applied for the several Purposes of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof: And if the said Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect to give in a just Account as aforesaid, or to pay the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in Manner as aforesaid, he and they shall be subject and liable to such and the like Punishment as Overseers of the Poor are for Offences of the like Sort subject and liable to.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons so rated or assessed, or charged or thargeable, and made liable as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Rates or Assessments to the Collector or Collectors for the Space of three Days after personal Demand thereof made, or demanded in Writing left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Surrey, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (all which Oaths he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) of such Demand and Non-payment, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals (all which Warrants he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to grant), to authorise and direct the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Rate or Money so in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges attending the same, to be afeer-teiined by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person

7

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26.* 481

and Persons so in Arrear, and neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, on Demand.

XV. And, for the more effectual levying the Money rated and assessed for the several Purposes of this Act,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person rated Goods, may or assessed as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall and may be distrained in Manner bco'^rtlned aforesaid, not only within the Limits of this Act, but in any other Place in the County of Surrey; and Non-payment of if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the same County, then upon Oath thereof made before any Rates, one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand of the said Justice or Justices of the Warrant made for such Distress), the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing or neglecting to pay shall be subject and liable to such Distress in such other County, City, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall be found, and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, be distrained and fold in the same Manner, as if the same had been found within the Limits of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees may Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall judge fit and necessary, at any com^nd» of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to compound with, or in Part or wholly to

remit to, any Person or Persons so rated or assessed as aforesaid, and who shall or may at any Time here- p

after be exempted from or excused the Payment of the Church and Poor's Rates, or either of them, within the Limits of this Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money which he or they shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the said Rates and Assessments shall Coiwiort embezzle, detain, or misapply, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so collected by him, so that e^ib*,dc^2ey the same cannot be recovered from him, or shall be possdTed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him col- *°cnecyC|' lested by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be paid or recovered from his Executors or Administra- raised by a new tors for the Space of forty Days after his Death; then, and in every such Case, all such Sums of Money Rate.

shall be raised by a new Rate or Assessment to be made for that Purpose on the Inhabitants of the said Villages and other Places within the Limits of this Act; and shall be collected and levied in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are herein before provided for the collecting and levying the Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

XVIII. And, in order that a sufficient Sum of Money maybe forthwith raised to defray the Expences Trustees im of lighting and watching the said Villages, and the several Roads and Places aforesaid,* be it further to ^r-

enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time row 500 ' to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five hundred Pounds, at Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and to assign and to assign the over by Writing, signed by any five or more of the said Trustees, all or any Part of the said Rates or Af- Rate* #l a Sc* feflments, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed; curity* and all such Alignments or Securities as aforesaid shall be in Words to the following Effect:

BY virtue of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, Ror*n of Afllp.

D for lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and mcQt* c certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Pat role between Peckham and

c Blackman-street in the Borough of Southwark; wc of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, do assign to his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, in confutation of the Sum of from this Day

of in the Year of our Lord until the Sum of

with Interest, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid, such Proportion of the Rates c or Assessments to be rated or assessed by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the Credit of the same.*

And Copies of all such Securities shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Copies of Secu-Clerk to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed after such first Meeting, unless Notice for "tl4* ?° bc cn" that Purpose be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Church Door of Camberwell aforesaid, at least lcrc 10 a ,x)~ fourteen Days before the borrowing thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Se- Securities may curity or Securities shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may, bc lnsicrred. from Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security in the Presence of one credible Witness; which Transfer or Alignment shall be to the following Efleft:

IDO transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, unto his (or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. In Witness

whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

4 Witness, C.D. A.B.9

Form of Transfer,

Which said Transfers or Alignments shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees (in All Transfers to

case a Clerk shall be appointed), or, if no Clerk shall be appointed, then to any one or more of the said entered in Trustees, to the End an Entry or Memorial may be made of such Alignment or Transfer in the Books of the said Trustees; which Entry shall contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, for

which the said Clerk (in case a Clerk shall be appointed) shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or

any five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence \ and after

3 Q^2 such

482

All Assigneet

Creditors in equal Degree.

Money borrowed to be charged on the Rates.

Trustees may cause i he Villages, &c. to be lighred; and may appoint Watchmen,

and two Supervisors of the Watchmen, &c.

Expences of Pa-trole not to exceed ja 1. lot. in any one Year.

Two Committees to be appointed, who are to meet weekly.

Personj wilfully breaking Lamps, &c. to forfeit 20 s. for each Offence, and make good the Damage;

r ro be committed.

Penalty on Per-IV n* accidentally b raki.ig Lamps, Ac,

C. 26. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

such Entry made, and not till then, such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee may, in the like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons making such Alignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Security or Securities shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on such Rates or Assessments in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing such Monies, or the Dates of such Alignments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money to be advanced and lent, and the interest thereof, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of, the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby impowered from Time to Time to cause the said Villages and the said Roads and Places herein before described to be lighted for such Time and Times, and in such Manner and by such Ways and Means, as they, or any five or more of them, shall judge proper and convenient; and shall and may also appoint such Number of able-bodied Men (to be armed and cloathed in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct) to be employed as Watchmen in the Nighttime, for the Safety of the Inhabitants residing within the Limits of this Act; and to patrole and guard the Road and Foot Path which leads from Peckham over the said North Fields to Blackman-street aforesaid, for the Security of Passengers in the Night-time; and all such Watchmen and Patrole shall attend from Time to Time, and at such Times and Places, and perform such Duty as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint; and may cause to be erected Watch-boxes for such Watchmen at such Places as they shall judge necessary; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may also appoint two proper Persons to be Supervisors of such Watchmen and Patrole; which Persons so to be appointed Supervisors shall be and are hereby impowered to act as Constables for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may remove any or all such Watchmen and Supervisors from Time to Time as they shall see Cause, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed; and shall and may apply so much of the said Rates or Assessments, or of the Money to be borrowed or raised on the Credit thereof, as shall be necessary for the several Purposes aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, That no more shall be paid in any one Year, out of the Rates and Assessment to be raised by virtue of this Act, than the Sum of thirty-two Pounds ten Shillings, towards defraying the Expence which will attend the employing a Patrole between Pechham and Blackman-Jlrect as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better regulating the said nightly Watch and Patrole, the said Trustees, at all their annual Meetings, may elect and chute a Committee from among themselves of ten Trustees, to serve for the following Year, five of whom shall act a* a Committee, to meet at some convenient Place in the said Village of Camberwell weekly on every IVed* nesday Evening, and the other five of them shall act as a Committee, to meet at some convenient Place in the said Village of Peckham on the same Day; and any two or more of them, at each or any of such weekly Meetings, shall and may, as they shall see Cause, remove, discharge, or suspend, any of the Watchmen or the said Patrole to be appointed and employed by virtue of this Act; and shall and may', at any such weekly Meetings, appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed or suspended.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or damage, any of the Lamps that shall be set up for lighting the said Villages, land the several Roads and other Places within the Limits of this Act, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights thereof, or damage the Irons, Posts, or other Furniture belonging to such Lamps; it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to cause him, her, or them, to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Surrey \ and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath such Justice is hereby autho;iff d and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the T ‘rustees for the Time being, the Sum of twenty Shillings (whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety be applied for the Purposes of this Act), and shall also make Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeitures, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit-him, her, or them, to the Bridewell or House of Correction For the said County of Surrey, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall have been so committed, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage, any of the Lamps so to be set up as aforesaid, or the Irons, Posts, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Trustees for

5 the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 483

the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, upon Complaint made to him by one oh more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Person or Persons who shall be complained of for doing such Damage; and such Justice may thereupon award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage as to him shall appear reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal of the Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within three Days after Demand thereof, such Justice may cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXV. And, for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more Trustees may of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time (if they think fit)tocon- con:raft for tract with any Person or Persons for lighting the said Villages, and the Roads and other Places within the j^ht‘nR die ViU-Limits of this Act; all which Contracts shall specify the Number of Lamps to be set up, and how long agC3' c* and in what Manner the same shall be kept burning, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts; and the same shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works, as they shall so contract and agree for, out of any of the Rates or Assessments which shall be made, raised* or collected, by virtue; of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons who If Contraftr not shall enter into such Contract with the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for performing any of duly fulfilled, the Works before mentioned, and who shall not well and Efficiently perform the same, according to the

true Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, and within the Time limited thereby, that then bciucd» it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, to bring an Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against any Person or Persons so contracting and making Default as aforesaid, for the Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in such Contract or Contracts; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them (upon Proof of such Contract or Contracts having been entered into and not performed), shall be intitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties; and the same, when recovered, shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Lamps, Lamp-irons, Polls, Property of and other Furniture thereof, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of the Arms and Lamp*,&c.ve(U Accoutrements for the Watchmen and Pacrole, and also of the Watch-boxes to be erected as aforesaid, in the Tru(V shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any five or more of them, are teev hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name

of the<r Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case-may require), aL'ainst any Person or Persons who shall break, spoil, injure, damage, (teal, take, or carry away, any of the said Lamps, Lamp-irons, Ports, or other Furniture, or any of the Watch-boxes, or the Arms or Accoutrements of any of the said Watchmen.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees, or any five or more of All Bufinef* them, are impowered to do any Act whatsoever by virtue of this Act, other than and except the Weekly (*ceptase*-Meetings for the Purposes aforesaid, the same shall be done at some public Meeting of the said Trustees Jonc at ubl! to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and whenever it shall happen, at any such Meet- Meeting*?. *C ing, that there shall be an Equality of Votes of the said Trustees then present, the Chairman in every such case shall have the Casting-vote.

XXIX. Provided always, That two Trustees shall be Efficient to meet for the Purpose of Adjournment How to proceed only; and in case it shall at any Time happen that no Adjournment of the Trustees shall be made ac- in caseof no Ad» cording to the Directions of this Act, that then, and in every such Case, as often as it shall so happen, it juriinBent»-shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to meet at any House or Place

within the said Villages, or either of them (ten Days Notice in Writing being first affixed upon the Church Door of Camberwell, appointing the Time and Place of such Meeting); and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to meet pursuant to such Notice, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time adjourn to such Time and Place as they dial think fit.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Trustee appointed, or to be Trofteet wha

appointed, to put this Act in Execution, who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County 1?such%or

of Surrey, to aeft as a Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction for putting in Execution the several Purposes^V

Powers and Amhoriries granted by this Act, notwithstanding his being a Trustee., tfei* Atf.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judg- 'waitings to be ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of withoui Money, or other Writing wha tever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think Persons np^i'cv-him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, he, she, or they, ed may appeal to shall notwithstanding be obliged to pay such Rate or Assessment, and then, upon an Appeal to the General «he Quarters*f« Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Surrey next after the Payment of such irm8*

Rate or Assistment, or next after the making the Distress for such Rate or Assessment (fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal being first given to the said Trustees), it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the

Peace,

484

nvhofe Determination shall be fin-1.

Proceeding* not to le quaked for Wint of Fotm, nor re moveable determined by Certiorari, Ax.

No P'aintiff to recover, if Tender of Amends shall be made.

L'mitarion of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

Treble Cells.

[Preamble.]

C. 27, 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Peace, or the major Part of them then assembled, to cause so much Money to be returned to the Appellant or Appellants, as shall appear to the said Justices to have been overpaid by such Appellant or Appellants respectively, and to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties: And also if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Adf, he, she, or they, may appeal as aforesaid, within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, or the major Part of them, assembled in such Sessions, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reai'onable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; all which Determinations of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, Judgment, or other Proceeding to be had or made in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: And when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio. on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action upon the Case.

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity as aforesaid, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding, by virtue of this Act, if Tender of Amends (h ill be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall or may commit, or cause to "be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action shall be ‘commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fat committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid *and brought in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Ation or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if it, shall appear to be so done, or if any such Ation or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuir, or discontinue his, her, or their Ation or Ations, or if a Verdit shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County o\ Dorset, and in the Tithing of Colliton-row, in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Footways and repairing certain Horseways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways and repairing the Hotfeways of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obfl uctions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tithing, from being thatched.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourtoriy in the County of Stafford, and also two collateral Cuts one from a Place called ‘The Fens, upon Penfnet-chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordrsley-brook with the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black Delphi upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford.

WHEREAS the making a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, through the several Parishes of of J- fwirtford, Kingswinford, and Kinfare% in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, to join the Staffordjhin and IVoceeJlcrjDire Canal, at or near a Place called Stourton, in the said County of Stafford; and also the making two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet-chace, through the said Parish f 4>f Kingswinford, to communicate with the said intended Canal near the Junction of IPordeJlcy-brook with the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28m

+85

the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black Delphi upon other Part of Penfnet-chace, to or near Bague s Glass-houses in Brettel-laney and from thence to certain Collieries called The Moors, and to or near certain Lands called The Lays in the said Parish of Kingswinford in the said County of Stafford, there to join and communicate with the said first-memioned collateral Cut, will render the Carriage of Coal, Ironstone, and Limestone, from several Mines in that Part of the Country, much easier and cheaper than at present, which will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town of Stourbridge and Parts adjacent, and to the several Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, and Warwick^ and also to other Parts of the Kingdom, and will be of public Utility: And whereas the several Persons herein after named are desirous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make and maintain the said Canal and collateral Cuts, but cannot effect the same without the Authority of Parliament J may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford, the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Dudley and Wardy the Right Honourable Lady Viscountess Dowager Dudley and Wardy the Honourable William Wardy Sir Oliver Dixon,

Moseley, Abi other Thomas Raybould,

Samuel Ray, William Scotty Benjamin May^ Jonathan Stokesy Benjamin Pratty Robert Honeyborne, Richmond

Names of the Proprietors

Aftony John Southwell, Thomas Smallmany Walter Bradley, Diomfius Bradley George CroWy Thomas Dudley, Richard Crofty Benjamin Brettclly Francis Ho nfray, Frances Homfray, Rachel Vernony Elizabeth Cardale, John Keelinge, John Iddinsy John Parkery Susanna Bret telly Joseph Harper, John Francis, Francis Witton,

Mary Gilly Thomas Hornblower, George Jellicoe, Martha Nicholhy Edward tick many Frances DoveVy Other Philpott, John Gibbons, Edward Dixon, Isaac Pratty Jeremiah Bret telly Joftah Rujlons Thomas Talbot Foley y Frances Henzesy John Richards, Daniel fvinwoody Thomas Savage y Robert Morgany William Jones, James Keiry John Watj any Thomas Folcy, Wilson Aylesbury Roberts, James King, and Thomas Robinson, their several and respective Sucre (Tors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them, assembled at any General Meeting, to be held as herein after mentioned, shall nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, are and shall be united into a Company, for the better carrying on, making, and maintaining, the said Canal, and collateral Cuts, according to the Rules, Ordeis, and Directions herein after prescribed \ and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation \ and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue and be lued; and also (full have Power and Authority to purchase Lands, to them and their Successors and Assigns, for rbe Use of the said Navigation, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain: And the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall and may, and they are her by authorised and impowered, from and after the passing of this Act, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to make and complete a Canal navigable and pa (Table for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near the said Town of Stourbridge, to join and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton aforesaid; and which said Canal shall be made and earned in the Line and Direction herein after mentioned; (that is to say) That the said Canal shall begin and be made upon some Part of the Lands belonging to the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Starrford, situate in Amblecoaty in the Parish of Oldfwinford, in the County of Stafford, \\such adjoin, to the Turnpike-road leading Irnm Stourbridge to Wolverhampton, and be continued through other Part of the Lands belonging to the said Earl in Amblecoat aforesaid; and through or near to certain Lands belonging to Thomas Folcy, Edward Russell, Esquires, and John Addenhr 00 k e Hon fray Gentleman, respectively in Amblecoat aforesaid; and from thence on the North*east Side of the River Stour through certain Lands lying in the Parish of Kitigfwinford, in the County of Stafford aforesaid, to or near a Brook called Wordefey-brook in the said Parish of KingjvAnford; and from thence on the South Side of a cextain Cut or Aqueduct leading to Wire mills belonging to John Hodgetts Esquire, at Hafcuty in the Possession of John Rylandy through the said Parishes of Oldfwinford and Kinfarty to or near Stourtony in the said Parish of Kinfarey in the County of Stafford aforesaid, there to join and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, shall, and are hereby also authorised and impowered to make and complete two collateral navigable Cuts; (that is to say) One from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet-chacey through the said Parish of Kingswinford on the South Side of Wordef cy-brook, to communicate with the said intended Canal near the Junction of the said Brook with the River Stour > and the other collateral Cut from a Place called Black Delph upon other Part of Penfnet-chacey to or near Bague's Glass-houses in Brettell-laney and from thence through Land of Robert Honeyborne Gentleman, to certain Collieries called The Moors, and through Lands called Meep Lands, belonging to John Foster Esquire, to or near certain Lands called The Laysy in the said Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, there to join and communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and to supply the said Canal, and collateral Cuts, whilst the same shall be making, and when made, with Water from all such Brooks, Springs, Streams, and Watercourses (except as herein after mentioned), as shall be found in making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, or within the Distance of one thousand Yards from any Part of the said collateral Cuts, or from any Reservoir or Reservoirs to be made, as is herein after mentioned, for supply-ing the said Canal ai\d collateral Cuts with Water; and the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, are hereby also authorised and impowered, by themselves, and their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, to make one or more Reservoir or Reservoirs at or near the Summit of the said collateral Cuts, and to erect one or more Engine or Engines, or other Machines, for the Purpose of Applying

who are incorporated:

Their Powers*

Course of the Canal and Cut* describcu.

Company of Proprietor# impowered to Top-ply the Canal with Water from the adjoining B.ockf, &c.

486

to cn^cr L*nH« or Grounds to take Surveys, &c.

and to dig and

carry away Stone, Gxayel, &c.

Company m?y

build Bridges, Sluices, &c.

make Fences,

and Towing-paths, &c.

doing as little Damage as pof-£ble, and making Satisfaction for the same.

Company not to dig Clay, &c. in any Lands of Mr. Hodgetts.

[Proviso.]

Proprietors not authorised (without the Confrnt of Mr. Hodgetts) to lay Larth, &c. on certain Places

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

plying the said Canal and collateral Cuts with Water, and such and so many Feeders and aqueducts for supplying the said Reservoirs and collateral Curs with Water, as to them shall Teem necessary or proper; and for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, are hereby authorised and impowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of or belonging to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever (not being, upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the Ground whereon a House flood, or a Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, Lawn inclosed or adjoining to a Manfioa-house, unless with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively), and to survey and take Levels of the same, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and all such other Matters and Conveniences as they shall think proper and necessary for making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, and using the intended Navigation; and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, remove, take, carry away, and lav, Earth, Soil, Clay, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in the making of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, or in the making of any Reservoir or Reservoirs, Feeders or Aqueducts, or out of any Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining, or lying contiguous thereto, and which may be proper, Tequisite, or convenient, for carrying on, continuing, or repairing, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct, the making, using, completing, and maintaining the same; and also to make, build, erect, and set up, in or upon the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, or upon the Lands adjoining or near to the same respectively, such and so many Bridges^ Tunnels, aqueducts, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Stanks, Reservoirs, Drains, Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Weigh-beams, Cranes, Fire-engines, or other Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniencies, as and where the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of the said Navigation 5 and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, amend, widen, or enlarge the same, or any other of the Conveniences above mentioned, as well for the carrying or conveying Goods, Commodities, and other Things, to or from the said Canal and collateral Cuts, as for the carrying or conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, amending, widening, or enlarging the Works of and belonging to the said Navigation; and also to place, lay, work, and manufacture the said Materials on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter, any Fences or Passages over, under, or through, the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the Reservoirs, Tunnels, aqueducts, Soughs, Trenches, Passages, Gutters, Watercourses, and Sluices, respectively which shall communicate therewith; and also to make, set up, and appoint, such Roads, Towing-paths, Banks, and Ways, convenient for towing, haling, or drawing, of Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, passing in, through, or upon, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, as they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall think convenient; and to construct, erect, and keep in Repair, any Piers, Arches, or other Works, in, upon, and across, any Rivers or Brooks, for making, using, maintaining, and repairing, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and the Towing-paths on the Sides thereof; and also to construct, erect, make, and do, all other Matters and Things which they shall think necessary and convenient for the making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, and using the said Navigation, in pursuance and within the true Meaning of this Act; they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted; and making Satisfaction in Manner herein after mentioned for all Damages to be sustained by the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Waters, Watercourses, Brooks, or Rivers, respectively, as shall be taken, used, removed, diverted, or prejudiced, in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower or authorise the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Afltgns, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, to dig or get any Earth, Stone, Clay, or Soil, in any of the Lands or Grounds of or belonging to John Hodgetts Esquire, without the Consent of the said John Hodgetts, his Heirs or Assigns, first had and obtained, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands (except what shall be necessary to be dug or gotten out of the Bed of the said Canal in cutting and making the same), or to make any Towing-path on the North Side of the said intended Canal, below the lowermost Lock to be erected and made on the said Canal, without such Consent as aforesaid.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower or authorise the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, to carry or make the said Canal on the North or North-west Side of the aforesaid Cut or Aqueduct leading to the Hire-mills in the Possession of the said John Ry!and> below the said Brook called

JFor dejley-brook.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower or authorise the said Compiny of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, to lay any Earth or Soil (except Stone to be afterwards taken away) on the Ground lying between the said intended Canal and the fiud IFire mill Trench^ from the Watering-place below Mistress Tiilcys Farm-house, for the Distance of three hundred and thirty Yards towards Bell's AlilL without the Consent of the said John Hodgetts in Writing first had and obtainedl.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28. 487

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing nor to carry the in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower or authorise the said Company v^rd* of'lii* of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, to punmion at make any Part of the said intended Canal, or to join or communicate the same with the Staffordshire and Hafcut*

Wocestershire Canal Navigation, within the Distance of thirty Yards of any Part of the Plantation that surrounds the Piece of Water belonging to the said John Hodgetts at Hafcut\ but that the said Canal shall be carried, and the said Junction shall be made, at no less Distance than thirty Yards below any Part of the said Plantation, without the Consent of the said John Hcdgcttsy his Heirs and Assigns, first had and obtained in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not nor to Iea?e be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or their Agents, Servants, or sP*rEartk Workmen, or any of them, without the Consent in Writing of the said John Hodgetts, his Heirs or Af-

signs, to leave any Spoil or Earth on the Land of the said John Hodgetts, lying on the North-west Side of HafcuttoStew-the Road leading from Hafcut to Stewbone.y, but the same shall be taken away by the said Company, their poncy. Successors and Assigns, at their own Expence, within twelve Months after the said Canal shall be made navigable as aforesaid; except such Part of the Spoil or Earth as shall be necessary for making the Locks, Towing-paths, and Banks, of the said Canal.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to au- Proprietor* not

thorise or impower the Company of Proprietors therein named, or their Successors or Assigns, or the said John to extend Canal Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, his Heirs or Assigns, or any or either of them, or any other Person or Persons of

whomsoever, to extend, on the contrary, they are hereby restrained from extending, at any Time, the Birmingham Canal hereby authorised to be made, or the collateral Cuts thereto belonging, or any or either of them. Can*', &c.

to any Place or Places whatsoever, lying or being within the Distance of one Mile and an Half of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, or the collateral Cuts thereto belonging, or within the Distance of one Mile and an Half of 3ny Part of them, or either of them, either by a Canal, Cut, Sluice, Tunnel, or otherwise howsoever; and also from making or extending, at any Time, any Cut, Sluice, Trench, or Tunnel, from the said Birmingham Canal or collateral Cuts, to the said Canal and Cuts hereby authorised to be made, or to any Part of them, or either of them, or within the Distance of one Mile and au Half of the said Canal and Cuts hereby authorised to be made, or any Part of them, or either of them, without the Consent of the Company of Proprietors of the said Birmingham Canal, or their Successors or Assigns, under their Common Seal, for that Purpose first had and obtained.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to No Water to bt' enable, authorise, or impower the Proprietors herein named, or their Successors or Assigns, or any other *kcn. °"t of Person or Persons whomsoever, to take any Water from the said Birmingham Canal Navigation, or the

collateral Cuts to the same belonging, or any Water from any Brooks, Springs, Streams, or Watercourses, &c# that are now taken into, and which supply the said Birmingham Canal or collateral Cuts, or the Refer- voirs made, or to be made, for the Accommodation of the same, or which the Proprietors of the said Birmingham Canal, their Successors or Assigns, have a Right to take into the said Canal and collateral Cuts or Reservoirs, under and by virtue of the Acts of Parliament made and passed with respect to such fi/r-mitigkam-Canal, or to divert or otherwise to intermeddle with any such Water, Brooks, Springs, Streams, or Watercourses.

IX. Provided also, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Proprietors not Assigns, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whom- to ,ake dive,t soever, who shall at any Time hereafter make any Cut, Sluice, or Communication whatsoever, with the ceiUin All, S* said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, on any Account or

Pretence whatsoever, to divert or take, for the Use or Supply of the said intended Canal, any Water from or out of any Part of the Rivers Stour or Smeftow, or from or out of a certain Brook or Rivulet running a Place called ll'ithymore-mill, into the New Pool, or a certain other Brook or Rivulet running into the said New Pool, by a Place called Sah-vjater Springy or a certain other Brook or Rivulet, running into the said New Pool, by the Level Coal-work on PcnJ)iet-chacey or a certain other Brook or Rivulet* called Hoi-beche-brcok, running into the said River Smcjhivy or from or out of any other Rivulet, Brook, Stream,

Watercourse, or Spring whatsoever, running into or communicating with the said Rivers Stour or Smejlow j but they and every of them are hereby expressly forbidden and restrained from so doing.

X. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or prevent the said Company of Reservation of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, from having or taking, for the Use of the said Navigation, any Water* tertbe Wateis to be raised or got by means of any Fire-engine or Fire-engines, or other Machine, erected or to

be erected upon cr near to any Part of Pen]net chace, or near to the said collateral Cuts for draining the V n* Water from any of the Coal or other Mines there; nor from taking or intercepting any Rain-water or Land-floods, by means of any Reservoir or Reservoirs to be made on Penfnct-chace, or on the Summit of the said Navigation, for the Purpose of supplying the same with Water; nor from taking or diverting into the Summit or the said collateral Cuts, certain Springs, Streams, or Rivulets, fifing on renfnct~chacey and which at present flow into Wordtsley-brook; as also certain other Springs, Streams, or Rivulets, which at present flow into /Iudnam-brooky as well as any other Springs, which will be necessarily intercepted in the making of the said collateral Cuts.

XI. And whereas a Bill is now depending in Parliament for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, and which is intended to be called The Dudley Canal Navigation, within and from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley in the County of Worcester, to join and communicue with the said Stourbridge Navigation hereby authorised to be made at the Black Delph aforesaid: Therefore, in order to preserve a Supply of Water for the said Dudley Canal,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise or impower the said

4^8

C. 28.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Proprietors not to make Reservoir* on the South-rad Side of the Turnpike road between Dudley and Bi icrrly—hill,

&c.

Wade Water to

be conveyed to Mr. Fofter* Leather-mi 11

Proprietors may crefi Weirs, for carrying oft' fu-perriuoua Water in Timet of Flood.

Pvovife.

Proprietors to ' erect Weirs upon the Canal above Pell's Mill*

No Quays, &c.

to be made in Mr. Fofter's Laud in Nager's Airlds.

Lirection of 'I owing path through Nager's-Fields*

Breadth of Call J. Towing-p-itht, &c. jtftri&td.

Power so take V. iitr from ivi.mt}

Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to make or use any Reservoir or Reservoirs on the South* east Side of the Turnpike-road leading between the Town of Dudley and Brierly-hill Chapel, on Penfnet-chase aforesaid; or to take any Water to be raised by any Fire-engine, Machine or Level, already erected or made, or to be erected or made, on the South-east Side of the said Turnpike-road, unless with the Consent of the intended Company of Proprietors of the said Dudley Canal Navigation first had and obtained in Writing under their Common Seal; but that nothin? herein contained shall hinder or prevent the said Company of Proprietors of the said Stourbridge Canal Navigation from making any such Reservoir or Reservoirs, or taking the Water to be raised from the Coal Mines by any Fire-engine, Machine, or Level, upon or near any Part of Penfnet-chafe, in'ease the said Dudley Canal Bill shall not pals into a Law* or the said Canal shall not be made in consequence thereof, or be hereafter discontinued.

XII. And whereas John Foster Esquire is Owner of a certain Leather-mill, situate near lVordefley, in

the Parish of Kingswinford aforesaid, and it is apprehended that some of the Water which now runs to c the said Mill, may be taken for the Use of the said Canal and collateral Cuts: Therefore, in order that

as little Injury may be done to the said Mill as may be/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, at

x their own Costs and Charges, to erect, and at all Times thereafter support and maintain, one or more Weir or Weirs upon that Part of the said collateral Cuts which lies between the Reservoir to be made on Penfnet chafey and the Black Delphy so as to turn and convey to the said Leather-mill all the waste and superfluous Water arising from the Summit of the said Navigation, and which shall not be wanted for the Use thereof: But nothing herein contained shall hinder or prevent the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and A*ffigns, from erecting one or more Weir or Weirs on the said collateral Cuts for the Purpose of carrying off the superfluous Water in Times of Flood, which otherwise might injure the said Navigation, so as that such last mentioned Weir or Weirs be placed not less than one Inch higher than the said Weirs, for conveying the said Water to the said Leather-mill: Provided also, That the Regulations aforesaid, respecting the said Mill, shall not be construed to extend to deprive the said John Foflery his Heirs or Assigns, of any further Satisfaction he or they may be entitled unto for the Damage which may be done to his or their Property by diverting into the said Canal or collateral Cuts any Waters to which he or they is or may be legally entitled; but that he or they shall have and receive Satisfaction for such Damage, to be ascertained and recovered by the Ways and Means herein after provided with respect to Waters to be taken for the Use of the said Navigation.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own Costs and Charges, to erect, and at all Times thereafter to support and maintain, one or more Weir or Weirs upon the said Canal above BelFs Mill, not more than one Inch and an Half higher than the Weirs to be made at the Lock next below Bell's Mill, (the Lock Weirs not to ^)e more than twenty Feet wide, and the Flood Weir or Weirs above Bell's Mill not to be less than forty Feet) so as to turn and convey into the River Stour all the waste and superfluous Water arising from or running into the said Canal which will not be wanted for the Use thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to impower the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to make or erect any Quay, Wharf, Crane, Weighing-beam, Mill, or Warehouse, in any of the Lands belonging to the said Jobm Fo/ln\ situate at Wordesley, in the said Parish of King fw inford, called Nager's Fields.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Towing-path> through and over the Lands and Grounds1 of the said John Foster called Nager's Fields, shall not be made on the South Side of the said collateral Cuts, unless with the Consent in Writing of the said John Po/ler9, his Heirs or Assigns.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Land and Ground to be taken or.used for such Canal, and collateral Cuts and Towing-paths, and the Ditches, Drains, and Fences, to separate such Towing-paths from the adjoining Lands, shall not exreed twenty-six Yards in Breadth, except in-such Places where the said Canal or collateral Cuts shall be respectively raised higher, or cut above five Feet deeper, than the present Surface of the Land, and in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Boats and other Vessels to turn, lie, or pass each other, nor more than sixty Yards in Breadth in any of those Places; nor shall any Land or Ground be set out, ascertained, contrafted for, and fold, for the Purpose of making any navigable Cut, Trench, or Sluice, to convey Commodities, or other Things, to or from the said Canal or collateral Cuts, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the said Lands-respectively, under his or their Hands in Writing first had and obtained; nor for more than one thousand* Yards in Length with such Consent; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas the making such Canal and collateral Cuts will be of particular Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors of certain Coal-mines already opened, and which may be opened, contiguous or near to the said collateral Cuts; and it will be necessary for supplying the said Canal and collateral Cuts with Water, that the Water to be raised by the Fire-engines, or other Machines, erected or to be erected for the draining of the said Mines, should be discharged into the said Canal or collateral Cuts/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at all Times hereafter, to have, divert, and take, the Water to be raised or drained, by means of certain Fire-engines already erected near to the Course of the said intended collateral Cuts, and which belong to John Pidcock, Benjamin Brettell, and Jeremiah Brett ell, as Copartners, and to the said Jeremiah Brett ell, Thomas Seager, and John Parker, individually, as also the Water which may be got, raised, or conveyed from or by Means of any other Fire-engine, Machine, or Level* which now is or are, or shall or may, at any Time or Timeq hereafter* be ete&ed, made* or opened, in or upon any Lands or Mines belonging to the v Right

4*9

A.D. 1776. Ando decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28.

Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, the said John Pidcock, Benjamin Brettel, Jeremiah Brett ell, Thomas Seager, John Parker, and Robert Honey borne, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, without any Recompence or Satisfaction to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, or Assigns, for the said Water so to be diverted and taken as aforesaid 5 and that it shall and and also tomikc may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, for the Purpose of Re/er?oi«, supplying the said Canal and collateral Cuts with the said last mentioned Water, and for the conveying of Trenches, the same thereto, to make any Reservoir or Reservoirs, Trenches, Aqueducts, or Feeders, doing noln-jury thereby to any Mines lying under or near to such Reservoirs, Trenches, Aquedu&s, or Feeders, and making Recompence and Amends to the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in Manner as herein is directed making Recam-and provided, for any Lands to be taken or used, or for any Damage to be occasioned to any other Lands p*nce Baby reason of the making of any such Reservoirs, Trenches, Aqueducts, or Feeders.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, proprietor* of

Owners or Proprietors of Mines, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter navigate or make use of the Fire-engine*, said Canal or collateral Cuts, for the Purpose of conveying, his, her, or their Coals, or other Minerals, to lift their shall, and they are hereby required to cause to be lifted and thrown up, all such Water as shall from Time th#

to Time be raised by any Fire-engine, Machine, or otherwise, for the Purpose of working his, her, or their an

Mines, to such a Height or Level as may be sufficient to convey such Water into the said Canal, or collateral Cuts, so as such Owners or Proprietors be not obliged to raise the said Water, at his, her, or their own Expence, higher than may be necessary for draining and discharging the Water from his, her, or their Mines; but in case the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall think it expedient, for the Puniofe of supplying the said Canal and collateral Cuts with Water, that the Owners or Proprietors of any such Fire-engine, or other Machine, should raise the Water out of his, her, or their Mines, to a higher Level than may be necessar^ for draining and discharging such Water out of such Mines, and shall give Notice in Writing under the Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, or under the Hand of their Clerk or known Agent, of their requiring the said Water founder-level to be thrown into the Canal or Cuts; then, and in such Case, the said Owner or Proprietor of every such Fire-engine, or other Machine, shall be obliged to lift tip such Water into the said Canal or collateral Cuts, agreeable to such Notice, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, first paying either to the said Owner or Proprietor of such Fire-engine or cither Machine, or into the Hands of some one indifferent Person to be named and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at the Option of the said Company of Proprietors, to be by such Person applied from Time to Time as the said Commissioners shall direct, in paying the additional Expence any such Owner or Proprietor of any such Fire-engine or other Machine may incur or be put unto in altering or enlarging the said Fire-engine or Machine, or in construfiing any other Works to answer the Purpose aforesaid, and also from Time to Time making a further and full Satisfaction by way Of annual Rent, for the additional Expence such Owner or Proprietor may be put unto in working, supporting, and keeping in Repair, the said Fire-engine or other Machine for the Purpose of throwing the Water into the said Canal or collateral Cuts; and in case the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors How to proceed or Assigns, and the Owners or Proprietors of any such Mines or Fire-engines, shall not agree upon the Cora- if Parties cannot pensation to be made, the same shall be adjuffed and determined in Manner herein after provided with *$rce upon the respect to Satisfaction to be made to the Owners of Lands to be taken for the Use of the said Canal;

[Compensation

such Compensation to be paid either to the said Owner or Proprietor of any such Fire-engine or other Machine, or into the Hands of such indifferent Person to be nominated as aforesaid, at the Election of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, and to be applied for the Purposes and in Manner herein before mentioned and directed: And in case the Owner or Proprietor of any Fire-engine or other Punishment of Machine shall at any Time, during the Time such Fire-engine or other Machine shall be worked or used Owner* of Fire-for the Purpose of draining the Water out of such Mines, refuse or neglect, after Notice in Writing for that Purpose, to be given by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Clerk r°jfe\be \vt! or Agent for the Time being, to lift or raise the Water to be drained out of his, her, or their Mines, to ter as above the Height and Level and in Manner herein before directed; that then it shall and may be lawful to and mentioned, for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, from Time to Time to hinder and prevent such Oqrner or Proprietor of such Fire-engine or other Machine and Mines, or any other Person or Persons, from navigating or conveying any Coal or other Minerals, which shall be gotten from such Mines, upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, during the Refusal or Neglect of such Owner or Proprietor as aforesaid, and for any further Time, not exceeding the Space of three Months, nor less than one Month, next after the said Water shall be conveyed to the said Canal and collateral Cuts; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any such Parts of the said Lands Bodie* Politic, or Grounds shall be so set out and ascertained as aforesaid for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, &c. impowered and other the Purposes and Conveniencies herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for all to fell end ewi-Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Truf- Te3N

tees, and Feoffees inTruft for Charities and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, # Femes-covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested, in their own Right, and to and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or Interested in, any Lands or Grounds which shall be set out and ascertained as aforesaid, to contra& for, fell, and convey, unto the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the Use of the said Navigation, all or any Part of such Lands or Grounds which shall from Time to Time be set out and ascertained as aforesaid $ and where, by making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, the Property of any

490 C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Land-owner or Land-owners shall be separated into small Parcels, To as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and other such Land-owners, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners to be appointed as herein after mentioned, or any five or more of them, to be testified by any Writing or Writings to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of, and attcfled by, two or more credible Witnesses, to contra& for, fell* and dispose of, or to convey in Exchange in lieu of other Lands, all or any Part of such Lands or Grounds through which the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts shall be made, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices in Money, or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Exchanges* Conveyances, and Assurances, shall he valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; All Persons in- any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politic, Cor-shall"fell^0rcon- Porate* or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby vey, &c. by vir- indemnified for what he, she, they, or any of them, shall respectively do by virtue or in pursuance of this fee of this Act* Act; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Exchanges, Conveyance?, and Assurances, (other than those which concern of Lands or Tenements, or any Purchase or Exchange between any such respective Land-owners) so to be made as aforesaid, shall, at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, be enrolled by the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties of Stafford and Worcester, in which such Lands shall lie; and true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; for which Inrolment the Clerk of the Peace for the County where the same shall be inrolled shall receive the Sum of Sixpence, and no more, for every two hundred Words $. and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

of Rights

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Ex- ubepreterved. changes< Gf any Lands, which are of the Nature of of, or Customary Freehold, shall be executed. and completed by Surrender thereof in the respective Courts of the Manors whereof such Lands are held* according to the Custom of the said Manors respectively; and shall remain and continue subject to such and the same Fines, Rents, and Services, as are due, payable, or of Right accustomed, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Owners of and Persons interfiled in Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Waters, which shall c or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, touching the c Purchase money to be paid, or Recompence to be made, to them respectively, be it therefore enacted Commissionen by the Authority aforesaid, That John Amphktt, Joseph /Imphlett, Richmond Ashn, George Anson, John appointed, Turnpenny Altree, Sir Richard Attn Baronet, Dudley Ackland, I ft Hi am Awphiett, John Aynsworth, Sir

William Ragot Baronet, Thomas Bradney* John Beecher, Thomas h ret tel I the elder, Thomas Brett ell the younger, Jeremiah Brett ell, Richard Brettell, Ananias Brettell, Joseph Brettell, Thomas Bigt>s, Richard Blicke, JValter Bradley, James Br after, John Baker, George Baker Clerk, Jin Hi am Barrett, Nathaniel Barrett, Richard Baynes, Joseph Beefley, John Broom junior, Thomas Baker, Thomas Bourne, Charles Baldwin, Thomas Bagnell, Sir Henry Bridgeman Baronet, Robert Burton, the Reverend John Brooke, Richard Bradshaw Clerk, Anthony Badley, Henry Badley, John Badley, Dudley Bagley, I Hi lli am Bendy, Thomas Bendy, Benjamin Brettell, William Baylifs, George Burrish, Robert Bloomer, the Reverend John Carver Archdeacon of StaffordEdmund Cox, Jfilliam Croft, Richard Croft, Edward causer, William Clinton, Daniel Clarke, Francis Corne, Ifilliam Chetwynd, the Honourable Thomas Clifford, Brook CruUhley, Joseph Cottrill, Henry Crocket, the Right Honourable Lord Clive, John Corbet, Edward Cludde, William Childe, John Cotes, Robert Corbet, Andrew Corbet, Joseph Cartwright Clerk, Jthn Cox* John Cromwell* William Callow, Edward Cox* Serjeant Crane, Thomas Carpenter* John Durant Clerk, Anthony Deane, Oliver Dixon, Thomas Dudley, John Dudley Clerk, Edward Dixon, Eduard Devi*, Thomas Davenant, Corbet Dave riant, /lb tab am Darby John Downing Clerk, Thomas Orford Downing, Thomas Danks, George Erf ell, Vincent Edwards, Henry Eld, Thomas Eycton, Thomas Foley, Thomas Foley junior, Edward Foley, Thomas Talbot Foley, Andrew Foley, John Fester, John Finch, JVilli am Finchs John Foffer junior, Thomas Fowler, Janies Fieldhouse, John Fryer9 Thomas Ferny houghs George Forester, William Ferry day, Stephen Fisher, the Honourable Booth Grey, the Honourable John Grey junior, John Gibbons, Benjamin Gibbons, John Gr some. Green* D. D. Thomas

Gibbons senior, John Gough, William Geafl, Thomas Grazebrooke, Charles Harris CL*;k, Joseph Honey borne Clerk, John Blodgetts, Corbett Hale, William Ho Jetts, John Hurtle, Edward Hickman, Thomas Highway, Robert Honeyborne* Thomas Hawkes, JValdron Hill, Thomas Hill the elder, Thomas Hill the younger, Charles. Harris* Samuel Hollins, Joseph Han cox, Francis Horn fray, I Valter Ho!Her, Edward Harper, Sir Samuel Flelher Knight, the Reverend Thomas Hartjhornes I Vi Ilium Haslewood, Thomas Hayes, John Haffard, Thomas Hayes of Brijhl, John Hayne^ Peter Iiinckes, John Horton, the Reverend Edward Horten, Phineas H:ffy, Francis lids cake, James Horton, Peter Hinckes the younger, Josiah llincker* John Hayes, Thomas Hoo, Sir Rowland Hill Baronet, Noel Hill, Henry Hawley, Thomas Hill, Richard Hill, Thomas Harris, the Reverend Edward Harris, John Haden, Thomas Hawkes junior, John Homer, Josiah Hunt, John Addenbrooke Homfray, John Holden, A/lon Harris, Thomas Ildbecbe* George Jones, John Iddins, John Jefjbn, IViHiant JoncsfJohn Jarvis, the Reverend Cornelius JefJon, Sir Thomas Jones Knight, Francis Ingram, John Jefferies, John Keclinge, Edward Knight* Edward Knight the younger, John Knight, James Keir, the Right Honourable Lord K ill mores, Robert Kynaston, William Henry l.ythlton, William Lygon, Humphrey Lyttelton, John Lane, Joseph Lane, Sir Eduard Littleton Baronet, Fisher Littleton, John Lecbridge. Sir Robert Lave ley Baronet, Charlton Leighton, Reginald Lygon* Thomas Lea, John Lea, H alter Atton Moseley, James Mofe-Tv* John Meirf), Thomas Milivard* Richard Alee, Jofctoh Morris, George Molineux, John Marshall, William Mansfield, JJTUiam Mas fine, John Mytton, Thomas Mytton, Edward Maurice, JJ'alter Atton Moseley the younger, James Mackmillan, George Mackmillan, Thomas Newton, JValter Nod, the Reverend Titus Neve

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28. 491

Clerk, Richard Norris, Richard Norlury, Hungerford OliverJohn Oldnall, Edward Oliver\ Thomas Mil-ward Oliver, William Moflyn Owen, Thomas Ottley, William rijgott Clerk, Other Philpott Clerk, Wolford Phillips, John Pidcock, Thomas Pidcock, William Par? iter, William Powell\ James Pratt, William Palmer,

?dmes Payton, James Perry, John Leivis Petit M. D. the Right Honourable Lord George Ptgot, John oultney, Thomas Pearson, Thomas Plimley, Robert Prittie, William Perksy John Perks, John Price, William Pulteney, Edward Pemberton, Robert Pigotty William Pearcehall, Sir Pcfnall Baronet, John Peshall%

Sparry Peshall, Philips Penny Zachariah Parkcsy William Perry, Thomas Parker, John Perry Clerk, John Per-rotty Edward Russell, Thomas Rogers, Wilson Aylesbury Roberts, Thomas Raybould, Joseph Robins, John Richardson, Edward Rogers, Rock, Richard Rock, Francis Stokes, Samuel Steward, William Scotty

John Scott, Smith, Thomas Seager, William Seager, Thomas Savage, Jonathan Stokes, John Southwellr

Perdinando Smith, the Reverend Edward Shaw, the Reverend James Shaw, John Weflon Smith, Edward Sneyd, the Reverend James Stafford, John Sneyd, Lancelot Shadwell, the' Reverend Thomas Seward, the Reverend Jonas Slaney Clerk, Thomas Stubbs, John Stubbs, Talbot Stubbs, George Stubbs, Sir Edward Smith'

Baronet, Smitheman, Nicholas Smith, Plowden Slaney, Thomas Stephens, the Reverend Thomas Shaw,

James Hayward Shaw, Abraham Turner, John Trijlram, John Trijlram the younger, Thomas Trijlram, John Turton, Thomas Tomkys, Thomas Turton, the Honourable Henry Tracev, John Taylor, William Tongue, Samuel Twamley, William Turner, William Vernon, Plenry Vernon, Sir John Wrottesley Baronet, the Honourable William Ward, Humble Ward, Pynjhn Wilmot Clerk, Paul White Clerk, John Welsh Clerk, JValter Woodcock, Thomas Wight, Edward Whitby, Gregory I Vat kins, William Wheeler, Thomas Waldron, Willi any Waldron, Thomas Jacob White, Nathaniel Wight, John Wvlde Clerk, Joseph Wilks, Thomas Wilks, John*

Wilks, Moreton JVaihouse, John Watfm, John Wightwick, Henry Wood, Richard Whitworth, Thomas Wight-

wick, Richard Wilks, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, Thomas Whitmore, William Whitmore, Charles

Edward Windsor, the Reverend Henry Witmore, John Watts, Joseph Wainwright, and John Wells, Sir

John Saunders Sebright Baronet, Robert Lawley, Thomas Evans Clerk, Henry Downing Clerk, Richard

Amphlett, Walter Mosely, Joseph White, William Blow Ccllis, shall be, and they and their Successors, to be

cle&ed in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for the settling, dete. min- Commissioner*

ing and adjuring, all Questions, Matters, and Differences, which shall or may arise between the said powcrsi

Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or any of them, and the several Proprietors of, and,

Persons interested in, any Lands, Grounds,-Tenements, Hereditaments, or Waters, that shall or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted; and they, the said Com- They may de-missioners, or any five or more of them, qualified as hereafter mentioned, are hereby impowered, by terminewhat Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Su‘ b* are hereby authorised to administer) and by other lawful Ways and Means, by Writing under their Hands or an and Seals, to determine and adjust, from Time to Time, what distin& Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or any of them, either by ap annual Rent or Payment*or by a Sum of Money in Grols, to, and at the Election of, such Bodies Politic*.

Corporate, or Collegiate, Person or Persons respectively, who shall be entitled or in te relied as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase of the Lands or Grounds which shall he set out and ascertained as aforesaid for making the said Canal, and collateral Cuts, or any Part thereof, and other the Purposes in this Act mentioned; and also to determine and adjust what other distinct Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the anJTorDa^ said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, as a Recompence for any Damages which mayv maScf*-or shall be, at any Time or Times whatsoever, sustained by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate*, or other Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of, or interested in, any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Waters, for or by Reason of the piaking, repairing* or maintaining, the said*

Canal, or collateral Cuts, or of any Reservoirs, Trenches, Pafihgesj Gutters, Watercourses, Roads,

Ways, or Sluices, or supplying the same, or any of them, with Water as aforesaid, or by the flowing, leaking, or ouling, of the Water over or through the Banks, of the said Canal, collateral Cuts, Reservoirs*

Trenches, or Sluices* or over or through any Passages, Gutters, or Watercourses* which shall be made* pursuant to the Powers hereby given, for conveying and communicating Water to and from the said Canal* and collateral Cuts, or by not cleansing the said Watercourses, Trenches, or Passages, or by turning or diverting any Streams or Brooks into the same, or by Rea foil- or Means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained, by the faij Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, their Agents,

Workmen, or Servants, pi case such Price or Value, Damages'and Recompense respectively, cannot be settled, adjufW, and agreed upon, by and between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors andr Assigns, or any of them, and such Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Lands and Grounds* as aforesaid; And if the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, for and on the Part In \*h«t Crfer* and Behalf of themselves, or any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Personsv Junes,\° so interested or in titled as aforesaid, for and on his or their Parts, shall refuse to submit any such Matter to Panae the Determination of the said Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied with, any Determination which shall be by them made as aforesaid and if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons, entitled or interested as aforesaid, shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof made, such Purchase money or annpal, Rent, or such Recompence, as shall be so determined to be p lid, or shall, upon Notice in Writing gjveq to the principal Officer oj Officers of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate; or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the Place or Places of his or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such.

Lands or Grounds, for the Space, of twenty Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or by reason of Absence.-shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement as shall be convenient for promoting the Navigation and* other Works aforesaid, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises which they are or i. {halt

+92

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

Jurymen may be challenged.

Jury to ascertain the Sum* to be paids for Purchase money, Damages, &c.

Their Verdict to be final.

Penalties en Sheriff, Jurorf, &c. neglecting their Duty.

Ix pence* of Juries bow to be p*id«

Personi requesting June* to enter into Bond to prosecute, &c.

C. 2$.

A.D. 1776.

shall be in Possession of, or to the Interest which they claim therein; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the said Counties of Stafford or Worcester for the Time being; respectively in which the Matter or Matters shall arise; or in case such Sheriff or Sheriffs, his or their Under-sheriff or Under-sheriffs respectively, or either of them, shall happen to be one of the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation* or enjoy any Office of Trust or Profit under them, or shall be interested in the Matter in question, then to the Coroner or Coroners of the said Counties of Stafford or Worcester respectively, not, interested as aforesaid; commanding such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than nine nor more thati twenty Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Coroner or Coroners respectively; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to summon and call before them all and every such Person or Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses touching the Matters in question; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Controversy; which Jury upon their Oaths (all which‘Oaths, as well as the Oaths to be taken by any Person or Persons who shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain, the distinct Sum or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds, or the Recompence to be made for the Damage that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall give Judgment for such Purchase-monies, Rent, or Recompence, so to be assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgment thereupon pronounced by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall, for every such Offence* forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; dr if any Person so summoned to give Evidence liiall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or to give Evidence; every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed determined by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any oum not exceeding five Pounds, to be levied by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said acting Commissioners, or any five or more or them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof, after such Penalty, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where a Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands* Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments* or Property, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or than had been determined and assessed by the said Commissioners; that then all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest. shall be settled by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or /Ufigns: But if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for the same or a less Sum than had been previously offered by, or on Behalf of, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or than had been determined and assessed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall have such Controversy or Dispute.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons making Complaint and requeuing such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners shall be obliged to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such Jury as aforesaid, first enter into a Bond, with two sufficient Sureties, to the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, for the Time being, in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, conditioned to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict shall be given for the same or a less Sum than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or than had been assessed by the said Commissioners, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Damages as aforesaid.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not, nor shall any of them, be obliged by virtue of this Act to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained, or supposed to be sustained, by virtue of this Act, unless Application hath been or shall be made in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or to their known Agent or Agents, or to some Collector or Collectors of the Tolls arising from the said Navigation in the County where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Time such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceafod.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who, in any Examinations to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or before any Justices of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and, upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm*

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, as shall be contrafted or agreed for between the Parties, or determined and adjusted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or assessed by such Juries in Manner respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, to the Proprietors thereof, or other Persons intitled to receive such Money or Rent respectively, or legal Tender thereof made to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, or to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined, or assessed; or if he, she, or they cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept such Money or Rent, upon Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, for the Use of, and to be paid upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, to such Proprietors or Persons respectively as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, such Lands and Grounds respectively, and the Fee-firople and Inheritance thereof, shall from thenceforth be veiled fn, and become for ever the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, and Assigns, to and for the Use of the said Navigation, but to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful taand for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the same, and to dig, cut, trench, sough, and remove. Earth, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, and all other Obstructions, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing the said Canal, and collateral Cuts, and Towing-paths on the Sides thereof, in or upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which such Satisfaction shall be deemed or act'efled as aforesaid, and thereupon to make, erect, or do, any Works, Matters, or Things, for the effecting and carrying on the said Navigation, and for the supporting and maintaining the same, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall think requisite; and to have, use, and enjoy the same, to and for their own Use and Benefit, for the Purposes of the said Navigation; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify, as well the said Commissioners, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the rowers hereby granted.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Determinations of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, which shall be submitted to and acquiesced in by the Parties concerned* and also the said Verdicts and Judgments (being first signed by five or more of the Commissioners who shall be present at the making of such Determinations, or the taking of such Verdicts, and pronouncing such Judgments respectively; shall be transsmitted to, and kept by, the respective Clerks or the Peace, amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Counties of Stafford or JVor-ujler respectively* as the Case shall require, and shall be deemed to be Records of the said Quarter Sessions to all Intents and Purposes, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed 'to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, as also the Inrolments of such Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, as are herein-before mentioned, paying for each Inspection the Sum of one Shilling, and to take Copies thereof without Stamps, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words; and immediately on such Payment, and Entry of such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court and Juries, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons for whose Use such Money or Kent shall be jpaid, in, to, and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and they shall respectively be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as* fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the same to them by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, bine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment shall be made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates and Interests, either in Rever-fion or Remainder, against the Issue or Issues of such Person and Persons, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, as effectually as a Fine and Recovery, or either of them would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money which are to be paiu to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or to any Feoffees in 8 Trust,

493

No Complaints to be made to Commissioners, until Application hath been made to Proprietors.

Penalty Mi giving false Evidence.

Upon Payment or Tender of Monies agreed on for Purchase of Lands, &c.

the said Lands vested in Proprietors,

who may enter on the same,

Determinations, Verdicts, &c. to be recorded.

and Lands so become vrrtrd in the Company.

Ptirchife-m'-nies to be laid cut so the Lmc Ufta, &c.

494

*ndf urtil such Pu charts are made, to be phced in some of thi Public sFuLds, &c.

Commissioners to settle Proportion* of Money to be paid to Persons interested,

In Default of Payment of Damage*, how to be recovered*

If Damage* and Cods not paid within four Months, iriiy be levied by Dif-treft and Sale.

Commissioner*

to enter their Proceedings in a Book,

and appoint a

fierk*

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

TruA, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femcs-covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands are limited in Ariel Settlement, for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, shall, in case the same exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggiegateor Sole, Feofees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other TruAecs, Person or Persons seised of Lands or Grounds lb limited in Aridt Settlement, be laid out as soon as conveniently may be in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee-Ample, to be conveyed to, or to the Ulb of, such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or to or for such other Person or Persons, and for such Estates, and to, for, upon and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands and Grounds, for or in respect whereof such Purchase-raonies or Money received in Exchange shall be paid as aforesaid, were limited, settled, and afitired, at the Time such Purchase-monies were so agreed for, ascertained, or assessed, respectively as aforesaid, or so many of such Uses as shall be then cxiiting and capable of taking effect; such Conveyances and Settlements (other than those which concern any Purchase or Exchange between any of the respective Land-owners as aforesaid) to be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase and Purchases shall be made, the said Monies shall be placed out by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in TruA, Executor y Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, Person or Person?, in some of the public Funds, or on Government or real Securities^ in the Names of two or more Persons; the one to be nominated by the Party or Parties intcrected therein, and the other by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and the IntercA arising or to be produced from such Funds or Securities, and also the annual Rent for such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where a Rent shall be fixed upon as aforesaid, shall be charged upon the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, hereby authotifid to be taken by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would, for the Time being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled pursuant to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby impowered to settle what Shares and Proportions of the Purchase money or Recompence for Damages which shall be so agreed for between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or any of them, or determined and adjucted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or assessed by the said Juries in Manner respectively as aforesaid, shall be allowed to any Tenant or other Person having a particular Estate, Term, or IntercA in the Premises, for his, her, or their respective lute-reAs therein, except in such Cases where the same are herein directed to be laid out and inytAcd in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in Default of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Monty, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be assessed and awarded for Damages of any Kind by virtue of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to receive the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, by this Act imposed, and thereout, in the first Place, to pay all such Damages so to be determined or assessed as aforesaid, with the CoAs (if any) occasioned by such Refusal or Default of Payment; and the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons shall and is hereby declared to be as so much Money received to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such Satisfaction for Damages as aforesaid, in Order and Course respectively as such Determinations shall be in Priority of Time; and after such Damages and CoAs shall be paid and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall ceale and determine, or otherwise such Party or Parties so aggrieved shall and may have a Remedy for such Sum or Sums of Money, so to be assessed and awarded, and which shall not be paid according to the Judgment of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid, by Action at Law in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Company of Proprietors, their Succcflbjs and Assigns, to recover the same with full Costs of Suit.

XXXI. Provided always, That in case the Damages and Costs, by this Act directed toiie satisfied out of the Tolls arising by the said intended Navigation, shall not be paid and satisfied within the Space of four Calendar Months after the same shall be so determined or assessed as aforesaid, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon Complaint made to them, by or on the Behalf of the Pufon or Persons sustaining Inch Damage, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said Counties of Str.jJlrd or Worcester respectively, as the Case shall be, authorising and impowering him to raise or levy the Damages, so to be determined and addled, by DiArefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or any of them, together with such reasonable Cha ges as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall in such Warrant direct and appoint.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; and such Entries, being signed by such Number of the said Commissioners respectively as are impowered by this Act to make such Orders, or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed original, and admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby required, at a Meeting to be held by them, at the Talbot Inn in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, on the first Day of "June next, to appoint out of three Persons to be nominated by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, such one of the said three Persons as they the said Commissioners, or any five or

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28. 495

more of them, shall think proper to be their Clerk; and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk, and appoint another in his Stead, as aforesaid; which Clerk shall be paid for his Care and Trouble, in the Execution of such Office, by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Deft vying any -wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or de- Works bciong-Jtroy, any Banks or other Works to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful ^Vt^onmadV Hurt or Mischief, to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, and maintain- j^ny*10 C Ing the said Navigation; such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and every such Felon shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Per- Offender may be son or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and are hereby authorised and impowered to transport. tr^Ported for such Felon for the Space of Seven Years to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America, in like Manner 7 Years, &c. as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or otherwise such Court shall and may, at their Discretion, direct such other Punishment to be inflicted upon such Offender or Offenders as the Law authorises in Cases of Petit Larceny; or every Person or Persons so offending, or fined double and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more the v«i«eofcho of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Worcester or Stafford respectively where such D*®*c« Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding double the value of the Damage, proved upon Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice; such Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender or Offenders, or otherwise such Offender or Offenders shall or may be committed to the House of Correction for the said County of Worcester or Stafford, as the Case may happen, for any Time not exceeding three Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be ednvifted.

XXXIV. And, to the End that the said Company of Proprietors may be the better enabled to carry Proprietor* may on so useful an Undertaking,9 be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Tint it shall and may be lawful «ife nsf* to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet and convenient, a competent Sum of Money 3°' for making and completing the said Canal and collateral Cuts, provided that the said Sum do not exceed the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds in the Whole; and that the same be divided into such Number of Shares as hereafterdirested; and that no Person subscribing thereunto, or becoming a Proprietor in such Navigation, do become a Proprietor of less than one Share, dr more than'ten Shares, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, (except the same shall come to him or her by Will, Devise, or Act in Law) upon pain of forfeiting to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, all such Shares as aforesaid; and the Money so to to be applied in be subscribed and varfed as aforesaid is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied for and to- making Canal, wards making, completing, and maintaining, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and other the Purposes of &c-this Act, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said1 Sum of‘thirty thousand Money to

Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised by the several Persons herein ^before'named, and by such *aised I1*.*11 be other Person or Persons who shall or may, at any Time within twelve Months from the passing of this 3°*

Act, become a Subscriber or Subscribere to the said Navigation, shall be divided into three hundred equal r 9 Parts or Shares, at a Price not exceeding one hundred Pounds each Share; and the Shares shall be

deemed to be personal Estate, and shall be transmissable as such, and not of the Nature of real Estate, and darned per. and are hereby vested in the said several Subscribers, and their feversd and respective Executors, Ad- ‘foul ministrators, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Behoof, proportionably to (the Sum they and each of them shall severally subscribe and pay thereurtto; and all Bodies Politic and '

Corporate, and all other Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay in the Sum of one hupdred Pounds, or such Sunt J or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying oh and completing the said intended

Navigation, shall be intitled to and receive, after the said Navigation shall be completed, the intire and neat Distribution of one three-hundredth Part of the Profits and Advantages that* shall and may arise and accrue by virtue of the Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received, by the Authority of this Act, and so in proportion for any greater Number of Shares, not exceeding ten Shares to any one Person, as aforesaid; and every Body Corporate or Politic, Person or Persons, hiving such Property No Person, Body of one three hundredth Part or Share in the said Undertaking, and so in proportion as aforesaid, shall re- Politic, &c. to (peftively he deemed Proprietors of the said Navigation, and shall bear and psy an adequate proportional'ha^ore tha* aym of Money, towards carrying on itho said Undertaking in Manner herein after directed and ap- len ire,# pointed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Five per Cent, for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and they are hereby required, out of to be paid till the Money to be raised as aforesaid, during the Time the said Navigation, and all Things necdTary for the Work* »re making, completing, and maintaining the same, shall be carrying on, and until the same shall be com- C0DQp c pleted and finished, to pay unto every Body Corporate and Politic, Person or Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay the

Sum of one hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be demanded in respect. thereof towards carrying on and completing *he said Navigation, Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds for one Year, from the Time that each of such Sum or Sums shall be so respectively advanced as aforesaid. 1

XXXV1L And for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution,9 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all other Persons, who shall, by Vox. XU. 3S virtue

49$

Subscribers to have a Vote t for each Shir<% either in Person or by Proxy.

General Afftm* blie* to be held Twice in e?ery Year.

A Committee to be chosen.

A special Meet* ing may be held,

after ten Days Notice*

Coromitteefob-jett to Controul of General Af-. fcmbljr, &c.

FrorUb*

Bookrof Account to be kept, &c.

General Aflem-bliea to consist of soo Shares*

Poorer of General Adcrnhliet and Committeei,

C. 2#. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

virtue of this Act, be intitled to one or more Shares in the said Navigation, shall respectively have a Vote, in every public Meeting or Assembly to be held as hereafter appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking, for every such Share, all which Votes may be given by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals; and such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal or Principals had voted in Person 5 and whatever Question, Election of Officers, or other Matters or Things, shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered, in any public Assembly, to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes or Proxies then present; computing one Vote for every Share: Provided that no one Person shall give or deliver more Proxies than for hve absent Proprietors.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first General Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be held at the Talbot Inn in Stourbridge aforesaid, upon the first Day, of June next; and the second General Meeting shall be held upon the first Day of January next ensuing, at such Place as the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, at their said first Meeting shall appoint; and all other such General Assemblies or Meetings shall be held on the first Monday in the Month of January, and the first Monday in the Month of July* in every Year* at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; at which said first Meeting the Proprietors then present, either by themselves or their Proxies, shall chuse fifteen Persons, who shall, at that Time, be each of them Proprietors of not less than two Shares in the said Navigation which Persons so chosen shall be a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and any five or more of them shall (in Default of a larger Number meeting) have Power to act as a Committee for the Purposes aforesaid: But if at any Time it shall appear to any fifteen or morp of such, Proprietors, that for the more effectually patting thrsAftin Execution, a special Meeting of Proprietors. is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for such fifteen or-more of them, to cause Notice to be given thereof in thi Birmingham and Worcester Newspapers, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall, at any General Meeting, direct or appoint; declaring in such Notices the Time and Place of such Meeting, f the same not being left than ten Days after such Notice given) and likewise specifying in every such Notice the Reason and Intention of such Meetings respectively; and the Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such Notices, and to proceed in the Execution of the Powers by this Act given them with respect to the Matters so specified only; and U such Acts of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, at such Meetings assembled, such Proprietors having, either as Principals or Proxies, not less than one hundred Shares in the said Navigation, shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were done at General Meetings held in Manner herein before appointed.

XXXIX. Provided always, That such Committees so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said General Assembly, or other Meetings of the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and about the Premises, as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Proprietors, at any such General Assembly or other Meetings; such Orders and Directions not being: contrary to the Directions or Provisions contained in this Act.

XL. Provided also, That no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, or Employment, under the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall be capable of being chosen to; serve upon Committees, during the Time of his, her, or their Continuance in such Office, Place, or Employment.

XLLt And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That proper Books of Account^ relating to the said Undertaking or Navigation, shall be kept; and that all such Books, in which such Accounts shall be stated and settled, and all other Matters relating thereunto, shall be deposited and locked up in a Chest or Box, Chests or Boxes, to be kept at such Place or Places, and by such Person or Persons, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall from Time to Time direct; and any of the Proprietors shall have, free Access to such Books, for his, her, or their Inspection.

XLII. Provided always, That if at any such General Assembly there shall not be Persons present, who have one hundreajfucluohares as aforesaid, either as Principals or Proxies, no Choice of a Committee shall be. made at that Time, but in such Case there shall be a new Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Navigation at the same Place, upon that Day three Weeks, at which Time Choice shall be made of Persons to be of the Committee; and the Persons then chosen to be of the said Committee, shall have the same Powers, and continue in Office until such Time,' as if they had been chosen at the said first General Assembly; and that in case of Failure of the Meeting of Persons having one hundred Votes as Principals or Proxies, at such first General Afiemoly, every one of the Proprietors who shall not be present at such second Meeting, by him or herself, or his or her Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors, for every such Share which he or she shall then have in the said Navigation and Undertaking, the Sum». of five Shillings, to be deducted and retained out of his or lifer next Dividend of the Profits of the said Undertaking.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such General Assembly shall haye Power to call for, audit, and settle, all Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed on Account of the said Navigation, with the Receiver or Receivers, and other Officer or Officers to be by them appointed, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by or concerned for orunder them, in and about ^he said Navigation; and for that Purpose shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think convenient; and every General Assembly, or such Committee, met together by the Authority of this Act, shall have Power from Time to Time* to make such Call or Calls of Money from the said Proprietors, to defray the Expences of carrying on the said Navigation, as they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes; so that no Call do exceed the Sum of ten Pounds upon each Sharej and so as no Calls be made within the Space of two Months

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28.- 497

from the preceding Call 5 which Money so called for, shall be paid to such Person or Person, and in such Manner, as the said General Assembly or Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direeft for the /

Use of the said Undertaking; and every Committee so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, from the Time of such Appointment until the next annual or other General Assembly to be holden as aforesaid, have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, as well in buying and purchasing Lands and Materials for the Use of the said Navigation, as in employing, ordering, and directing, the Work and Workmen, and in appointing and removing Officers, Clerks, Servants, and Agents, and in making all Contracts and Bargains, touching the said undertaking; so that no such Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter, be done or transa&ed without the Concurrence of the said Committee together assembled, or the major Part of them, such Majority not being less than five; and every Owners to pay Owner or Owners of one or more Part or Parts, Share or Shares, in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, their Shares her. or their Shares and Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place called for, as shall be appointed, of which one Month's Notice at least shall be given by publishing the same in the *c* Birmingham and Worcester Newspapers, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on Ne-neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionate Part or Share of the said Money, to gle& thereof be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by such General Assembly or Committee, he, she, or they so neglecting or refilling, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of his, her, or their respective Shares, Parts, and Interests, in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable rart or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of two Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then he, she, or they so neglecting, shall forfeit his, her,' ot their respective Share and Shares, Parts and Interests, in the said Undertaxing, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof; and the same shall go and belong to the rest of the Company ot Proprietors, to be equally divided am.ongst them in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking.

XLIV. Provided always, That no Advantage shall be taken of the Forfeiture of any Share or Shares of shwemottoW the said Undertaking, until after personal Notice in Writing be given by the Treasurer or Clerk of the forfeited until said Company to the Owner, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Affem- personal bly. of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall meet within six Calendar Months next after such For- Notice> feiture shall have happened; and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnification and Discharge to and for every Proprietor and Proprietors so forfeiting, against all and every Action and A<Sions, Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced of prosecuted for any Breach of Contra& or other Agreement betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, Troforerto their Successors and Assigns, are hereby authorised and required, within the Space of two Months next give Security* after the Person or Persons who shall be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company, under and by virtue of the Directions contained in this Act, to accept and take a Bond from such Treasurer or Treasurers, with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, in such Penalty, or to take such real Security, as to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, at a General Meeting, shall seem meet; such Bond or Security to be conditioned for the due Payment and Account by such Treasurer or Treasurers, his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, of all Monies which shall or may come to his or their Hands, and for the faithful Execution by such Treasurer or Treasurers of such Office; which Security toSe Bond or other Security, shall, within the Space of three Months after the same shall be given, be inrolled iB[5lled' withilt with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Worcester, and a true Copy of such Inrolment, signed by

said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, shall be to all Intents and Purposes compe- 5 tent and legal Evidence, in any Court of Law or Equity, of the due Execution and Existence of such Bond or other Security.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That th^said Company of Proprietors, General A<fcm^ their Successors and Assigns, shall always have Power and Authority, at any General Assembly met as biieamayre-aforesaid, to remove or displace any Person or Persons chosen upon such Committee as aforesaid, or any of ®°^ Commit-their Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change, any of the Rules and Directions herein before prescribed and laid down with regard to their Proceedings amongst Bye-laws* themselves, as to the major Part of them shall seem meet (the Method of calling General Assemblies, and their Time and Place of Meeting, and voting and appointing Committees, only excepted); and shall have Power to make such new Rules, Bye-laws* and Orders, as well for the good Government of the said Company, and the good and orderly using the said Navigation, Tunnels, and Locks, as for the well-governing of the Bargemen, Watermen, and Boatmen, who shall carry any Goods, Wares, and Mer-chandises, upon any Part of the said Navigation, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines ot Penalties upon the Offenders against such new Rules, Bye-l*w$, or Orders, as to the major Part of such General Assembly shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for anyone Offence; which said Rules, Bye-laws, and Orders, being put into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall be binding to and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same; provided such Bye-laws are not repugnant to the Laws of the Realm.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Owners of any In case of Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made of the full Sutri to be advanced on each Share which he, she, or they shall have been possessed of or intitled to, and with- fcr, be!|vElcc-u-out having made Provision byWill or other wise for the Payment of the same, then and in such Case the Ca"7or fame shall be answered and paid by the Executors or Administrators of any such Owners dying, or the in Default there-Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant or other Person or Persons whatsoever intitled of Share* may

S a to disposed of.

498

l*roprietors owy fell their Share* j the Modeaf fring it.

No Sale pending Call*.

Torm of Transfer el Shares*

Clhrk to be appointed i

His Duty*

Penalty, fur Default therein,

SL

Rare* to be taken for Goods navigated on the CaaaJ; &c«

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

to the Estate or Effects of such Owner deceased; and all such Executors, Administrators, Trustees, and Guardians, shall be indemnified against all such Infant or Infants, and other Persons whatsoever, for paying any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription 5 and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executor or Administrator, Trustee, or Guardian, shall refuse or neglefi to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company of Proprietors shall be and are hereby impowered and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such Owner or Owners deceased, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner, or the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant or others, intitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner in his or her Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Proprietors of such Navigation to (ell or dispose of any Share or Shares he, she, or they shall and may be intitled to therein, in Manner and subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; and for that Purpose Duplicates of the Deed of Bargain and Sale or Conveyance of such Share or Shares shall be made and executed by the Vendor and Vendee 5 one Part whereof, duly executed both by the Vendor and Vendee, shall be delivered to the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Clerk for the Time being, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company, and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose, for which no more than one Shilling shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry accordingly; and until such Duplicate of such Deed shall be so delivered unto the said Committee, in order to be filed and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Navigation in respect of such purchased Share or Shares, or any Vote as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Call of such Monies shall be made by a General Assembly or such Committee as aforesaid, no Person or Person shall fell or transfer any Share which he, she, or they shall then have in the said Undertaking, until the Monies payable by such Call upon their respective Snare or Shares so to be sold shall be paid, under the Penalty of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Shares of the said Undertaking to the said Company of Proprietors, for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless the Person or Persons whh shall be Vendor or Vendors shall, at the Time of such Transfer, pay the Money called for upon each Share so transferred, to the Treasurer of the said Company; such Forfeiture to be notified and declared at a General Assembly in Manner herein before directea.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sale or Transfer of the said Shares shall be to the following EffeS, varying the Names and Descriptions of the contracting Parties as the Nature of the Case may require i

I A.B. in Consideration of paid to me by C. I>. do hereby bargain, fell, and

4 1 transfer, to the said C.D. his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

4 Share or Shares, [as the Case shall be] in The Stourbridge Navigation, to hold to him or her the said C. Z>. 4 his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the same Conditions, that I held the same immediately before the Execution hereof: And I the said C.D. do hereby agree to accept of the said ohare or Shares, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and

c Conditions. Witness our Hands and Seals the Day of in the Year of our Lord

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, some Person or Persons to be their Clerk or Clerks, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint one or more other Person or Persons in his or their Stead 5 which Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, cater and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said intended Navigation, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or intitled to, any Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation, and of all the other Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions, of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act; and that each of the said Proprietors, Land-owners, and other Persons interested or concerned in, or affected by, the said Navigation, shall and may, at all convenient Times, have Recourse to, and peruse and inspect the same, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, gratis, and may upon Demand have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying Sixpence for every two hundred Words: And if any such Clerk or Clerks shall refuse to permit any such Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, to inspectc or peruse such Book or Books, or refuse to make any such Copy at the Rate aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and whenever such Clerk or Clerks shall die, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, it shall and may be lawful for the Committee of such Proprietors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to appoint some other fit Person in the Place of every such Clerk dying or quitting the Service of the said Company, until the then next General Meeting, when a Clerk shall be nominated and appointed by the said Company of Proprietors in Manner aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expence the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, will be at in making, maintaining, and supplying with Water* the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and in making and maintaining

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28. 499

all the other Works hereby authorised to be made and erected, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Iron, Ironstone, Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities whatsoever, which shall be navigated, carried, and conveyed, upon or through the said Canal *and collateral Cuts, such Rates and Dues as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for every Ton of Iron, Ironstone, Coal, Timber, Stone, and other Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and Commodities, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon any Part of the said intended Canal from Stourbridge to Stourton, and which shall pass through any one or more of the Locks which shall be erected on the said Canal; and also such Rates and Dues as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for every Ton of Iron, Ironstone, Coal, Timber, Stone, and other Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and Commodities, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon any Part of the said collateral Cuts, or either of them, and which shall pass through any one or more of the Locks to be erected on the said collateral Cuts, or any Part thereof; which said Rates and Dues shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places near to the said Canal and collateral Cuts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall director, appoint: And in case of Denial, or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates Or Dues, or any Part thereof, on Demand; to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors »and Assigns, may sue for the same, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, in any Court of Record; or the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls ought to be paid, may, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to seize and distrain such Boat or Vessel, or Goods, for or in respect whereof any Rates or Dues ought to be paid, or any Part of such Goods, and detain the same until Payment thereof, together with reasonable Charges for such Distress; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within five Days after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent,

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Iron, Ironstone, Coals, Lime, r other Goods whatsoever, which shall be so navigated, carried, or conveyed, shall remain upon any Wharf or Wharfs belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, for above the Space of twenty-four Hours, then, and in such Case, the said Company of Proprietors, their Succefr-fors and Assigns, shall be intitled to and receive such Allowance, over and above the Rates and Dues herein before granted, as shall be agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or their Agent or Agents, and the Owner or Owners of such Iron, Ironstone, Coals or other Goods; or, in case of Difference concerning the same, as shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lime and Linger stone, navigated upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, shall not pay more than one-third Part of the Rates or Dues herein before mentioned; and that Paving-stones, Gravel, Sand, and all other Materials for making and repairing of Roads, (Lime-stone excepted) and also Dung, Soil, Marl, and all Sorts of Manure for the Improvement only of the Lands or Grounds of all and every Person or Persons whose Lands or Grounds shall or may be had or taken for or upon Account of making the said Canal or collar teral Cuts, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not be charged with, or liable to pay, any of the Rates or Due£ authorised to be taken by this Act for being carried upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or any Part or Parts thereof, but shall be free and exempted from the same, so that the Things hereby exempted from the Payment of the said Rates or Dues do not pass through any Lock authorised to be made J)y virtue of this Act, but at such Times when the Water shall flow over the Lock Weir: And that all Persons who shall own or be concerned or employed in carrying Paving-stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for the Repair of Roads, or Dun^, Soil, Marl, or other Manure, (except Lime and Limestone) shall have free Liberty to make use of the Towing-paths, Wharfs, or Quays, belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; such Persons not fullering such Paving-stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing Roads, or Dung, Soil, Marl, or other Manure, to lie upon such Wharfs or Qua several done

any Boats or other Vessels; which Recompence or Satisfaction, in case of any Difference, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their first General Assembly, to be held by the Direction of this Act, ascertain and fix the Rates or Dues to be taken by virtue of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, at any General Assembly to be afterwards held for that Purpose, (of which three Months Notice at the least shall be given in the Manner herein after mentioned) to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Rates or Dues fixed at such first Genera). Assembly, as aforesaid, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall think proper; and afterwards from Time to Time, at any General Assembly, of which such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, to advance and raise all or any of the said Rates or Dues so lessened: Provided always, That the Rates or Dues so to be advanced, ascertained, and fixed, as aforesaid, shall not in any Case exceed the Rates or Dues herein before granted; and that no Reduction of the said Rates or Dues shall be made without the Consent of the Proprietors possessed of at least two-thirds of the Shares in the said Naviation: Provided always, That any Reduction to be made from Time to Time out of the said Rates, Tolls, or Dutiesyshall, before it is put in Force, have the Approbation of the raajpr Part of the said Commissioners

If Rate* not paid on Demand*. Proprietors may fus for the same* or distrain the Vessel, &c.

Additional Tonnage for Goods left on Company's Wharf above x^Hours.

Exemption* from Rates in \ certain cases.

Persons c;

Paxing-fb &c, may use of Toi paths, Sec

Proprietors may alter Ri»tes from Time to Time*

No Rrduftion

to be made. Without the Ap*-

5°°

probation of a Majority at a General Meet* bf*

Thief-pence to be tak*n for aery Ton of Coals which stall have patted through any of Locks on the intended Dudley Canal.

A Duty of ad. per Ton per Mile, may be laid < poo all Coal* that shall be navigated upon the Staffordd.ire Canal Navigation,

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

missioners assembled at a General Meeting to be held forth at Purpose at Stourbridge, or such other Place within three Miles of such Canal, as the said Proprietors shall appoint; Notice of such Meeting, and of the Purpose for which it is to be held, to be given in the Worcester and Birmingham Newspapers, at least six Weeks before such Meeting$ and provided that there be twenty-one Commissioners at least present at such Meeting 5 any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And whereas the principal Object for making the said Dudley Canal is to convey Coals from certain Mines which lie upon or near to the Course of the said intended Canal, and the Public may be supplied with Coals at a more reasonable Rate/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to abate and allow out of the Rates and Dues which shall from Time to Time be ascertained, fixed, and taken, by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, for Tonnage and Wharfage, upon the said collateral Cuts, the Sum of Three-pence upon each and every Ton of Coals which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon the said collateral Cuts, and which shall have passed through any of the Locks, to be erected upon the said intended Dudley Canal5 but that nothing herein contained shall hinder or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from demanding or recovering the full Rates and Dues to be from Time to Time ascertained, fixed, and taken, by the said Company of Pnyrietors, their Successors or Assigns, for Tonnage and Wharfage upon the said Canal, from Stourbridge to Stourton: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, at any Time hereafter, at any General Assembly, to lessen or reduce the Dues and Rates for Tonnage and Wharfage upon all or any other Kind of Goods and Merchandise which shall be navigated upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts intended to be made by virtue of this Act, and which shall be navigated upon the said proposed Dudley Canal, and afterwards, at any other General Assembly, to advance the Rates and Dues upon all such last mentioned Goods and Me*-chandise, so as that the same do not exceed the full Rates and Dues herein before granted.

LVII. And whereas by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Persons therein named, their Succeuors and Assigns, were incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Stafford (hi re and Worcestershire Canal Navigation^ and were thereby enabled to make 4 a navigable Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Titton-brook, in the County of Worcejlen* 4 to join and communicate with a Canal then intended to be made between the River Trent and the River Mersey., at or near Hiryvjood-millj in the County of Stafford; and to raise such Sums of Money for ao

complishing the said Undertaking as are therein particularly mentioned; which said Sums being found inefficient for completing the said Navigation, the said Company of Proprietors, by another Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were authorised to raise such further Sums of Money as are therein mentioned for completing the same, and the said Navigation hath been (ince accordingly completed: And whereas a great Inducement to the said Company of Proprietors to under- take the making of the said Navigation was, the Advantage expected to arise from Coals to be navigated on the said Canal in general, and particularly from Autherley near Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford, down to the River Severn, which is a Distance of twenty-five Miles and upwards: And whereas the Navigation intended to be made by virtue of this Act will fall into and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at or near a certain Place called The River Stour Aqueautt, near Stourton, in the said County of Stafford, which, by the Course of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, is about twelve Miles and an Half distant from the River Severn, where the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal falls into the said River; by means whereof the Owners of Coal- mines lying in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge will be enabled greatly to undersell the Owners of Coal-mines lying in the Neighbourhood of pijston, Cofeley> and Tipton, in the County of Stafford, at the Severn Markets, which will tend to the manifest Injury of the said Collieries as well as 01 the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, unless Powers are given to the said Company of Pro- prietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to regulate their Tonnage upon Coals in such Manner as to bring the same, from all the said respective Coal-mines, to the Market of the Pub- lie, upon a nearer Footing of Equality, by advancing the Tonnage in Manner herein after directed upop

the said last mentioned Canal Navigation, and by reducing the Tonnage upon all or any Part of the said Navigation, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation were impowered, by virtue of the said Acts of the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to receive and take a Tonnage of one Penny Halfpenny per Mile upon the said Canal Navigation, but were not thereby impowered to make any partial or particular Reduction thereof, and the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better carrying the said Agreement into Execution, and for the Benefit and Relief of the Owners of Coal-mines near Bilston, Cofeleu and Tipton% in the said County of Stafford, and of the Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, their Successors and Assigns, or such Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, authorise and appoint, to lay, impose, demand, take, and receive, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, such Tolls, Rates or Duties, upon all Coals which shall be brought down the said intended Stourbridge Canal Navigation, and which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon, through, or along, the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, for the sole Use and Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence for every Ton of Coals which shall be so navigated, carried, or conveyed, for the Space of one Mile, and so in proportion for any Quantity greater or less than a Ton, and for any Space greater or less than a Mile which said Tolls, Rates, or Duties, shall be paid to such Person or rerions,

2 at

Anno decuno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

C. 28, 501

at such Place or Places, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, and, in case of Neglect or Denial of Payment thereof, the Boat or Vessel and Coal9 shall be subject to such and the same Powers of Seizure, Distress, and Sale, together with Payment of all reasonable Charges attending the same, and the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Vessel shall be subject and liable to such Action or Actions, as in and by the said herein-before recited Acts, passed in the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or either of them, are thereby provided for the paying, receiving, and Recovery of the oils, Rates,

or Duties, and Penalties thereby granted or allowed to be taken and received by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Proprietors of Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcester%shire Canal Navigation, from Time to Time to St after drtiire Ca-Jcffen or reduce the Tolls, Rates, or Duties, herein and by the said recited Acts granted to the said Com "oaI ,^P0W"*d pany, upon any Part or Parts of their said Canal, and for any Distance or Distances the said Company of To^and to! Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall think fitting, such Reduction being made with the Consent raise them of the major Part of the Commissioners, appointed by the said recited Act passed in the sixth Year of the again*

Reign of his present Majesty, assembled for that Purpose of which Assembly or Meeting of such Commissioners twenty-one Days Notice at least shall be given in one of the Birmingham Newspapers; provided there be twenty-one Commissioners at least present at such Meeting; and further, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, by themselves alone, and without the Consent or Interposition of the said Commissioners, at any subsequent Assembly or Meeting of the said Compaq^ of Proprietors, again from Time to Time to raise and advance all or any of the said Tolls, Rates, or Duties, so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Tolls, Rates, or Duties, in and by the said recited Acts and this Act granted 5 any Thing herein, or in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided always, That in case the said intended Navigation, by this Act authorised to be made,

shall join and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire, Canal, at a certain Flafh of Water near the said River Stour Aqueduct; or within uxty Yards of the East Wing Wall of the said Aqueduct, on the Towing-path Side of the said Canal, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to demand, take, and receive such Tolls, Rates, and Duties, on Coals as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence for every Ton of Coals which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, or any Part thereof, for the Distance of one Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Distance than a Mile, to be computed from the Place where the said intended Canal by this Act authorised to be made shall join and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; but in case the said intended Canal shall join and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at a greater Distance than sixty Yards from the East Wing Wall of the said Aqueduct, then, and in such Case* the said Tonnage shall commence and be computed from the Distance of sixty Yards from the said East Wing Wall of the said Aqueduct; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding;

LIX. And, for the more cafy collecting the said Rates and Dues hereby laid and directed to be paid,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, Owner, or Manager, of every Boat, Maften of Keel, or other Vessel, navigating upon the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, shall give a just Account Boat*, &c. to In Writing, signed by the Master, Owner, or Person having the Rule or Command of every such Boat a? Account or Vessel, to the Collectors of the said Rates or Dues at the Place or Places where they shall attend for ^letor* that Purpose of what Quantity of Goods shall be in or belonging to such Boat or other Vessel, from €f Goods on* whence brought, and where they intend to land the same; but if the Goods contained in such Boat shall Board, be liable to the Payment of different Rates or Dues, then such Master, Owner, or Person, shall specify. the Quantities liable to the Payment of the said Rates or Dues; and in case they shall neglect or retufe to P«o*ltyon©c-giveTuch Account, or shall give a false Account, or shall deliver any Part of their Loading or Goods at fault* any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in such Account, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, the Sum of ten Shillings for every Ton of Goods which shall be in such Boats or other Vessels respectively, of which such Account shall be so refused to be given, or of which such false Account shall be given, or which shall be delivered out contrary to such Account as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen, to be, over and above the respective R&tes or Dues payable for the same; and in case of Neglect, Refusal, or Denial of Payment, on Demand, of such Forfeiture or Forfeitures before mentioned, or any Part thereof, to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, that then, and in such Case, the same shall be recovered and levied in such Manner and by such Methods as the said Rates or Dues herein before granted to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, are directed and appointed to be levied and recovered.

LX. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Timber and Wood to be charged with the Payment of such Rates or Dues as aforesaid,' be it further enacted, That forty Feet of round, or fifty Feet Hew many Peer of square Oak, Ash, or Elm Timber, and fifty Feet of Fir or Deal Balk, Poplar, and other Wood, shall, of Timber to be for the Purpose of this Act, be deemed, rated, and estimated, as and for one Ton Weight 5 and that deemed a Ton, Six-score Pounds Weight Avoirdupoize shall, for the like Purpose, be deemed and taken as and for &c# one hundred Weights any Usage of rating or estimating the same to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Difference shall arise between Collectort may airy Collector of the said Rates and Dues, and the Master or Person having Charge of any Boat or Vessel, weigh ormea-or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, concerning the Weight or Quantity of the same, fore Good*, it shall be lawful for any such Collector to flop and detain any such Boat or Vessel, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, as

shall

At what Placet

the aforesaid Toll of sd. per Ton on Coals, on the Staffordshire Canal, it tt commence#

502

Charge* of weighing, &c« how to be paid.

Navigation to be free on Payment of Toll*.

No Boat under 15 Ton* to past through any Lock, &c.

Owne s of adjoining Land* may use Pleasure boat*.

T>raini, &c. to be made for the Benefit of Lands adjoining.

and kept in Re-paii by the Yro-prietors.

T o *in«pythsto he fenced from the adjoining Lands.

Cates, Bridges, to be citwt-

cd.

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

shall be therein contained; and in case the same shall, upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, ap-

?ear to be of greater Weight or Quantity than the Account given of the same by the Mailer, Owner, or Priori as aforesaid, such Mailer, Owner, or Person, shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging; all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may he recovered and levied by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as the said; Rates and Dues herein before granted are or can be recovered and levied: But if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, shall appear to be of the same or less Weight or Quantity than the Account given in by such Mailer, Owner, or Person, then the said Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, and shall also pay to such Mailer or Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, such Damages as shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to have arisen from such Detention; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the same shall be recovered from the Com-

Sany of Proprietors of the said Navigation, their Successors or Assigns, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons whatsoever shall have free Liberty to use with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, the private Roads and Ways (except the Towing-, paths) for the Purpose of conveying any Goods, Wares, 'Merchandise, and Commodities whatsoever, to; or from the said Canal and collateral Cuts; and also to navigate upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts with any Boats or other Vessels not exceeding seven Feet in Breadth, and to use the said Wharfs and Quays for loading and unloading any Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and ^Commodities; and also to use, the said Towing-paths with Horles for haling and drawing such Boats and Vessels, upon Payment of such Rates and Dues as shall he demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, not exceeding the Rates herein before mentioned.

LXIII. Provided always, That no Boat or other Vessel of less Burthen than fifteen Tons shall pass through any of the Locks to be made by virtue of this Act, without the Consent of the said Company of* Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Principal Agent for the Time being, in Writing nrll had. and obtained.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Occupiers of any Lands adjoining to the said Canal and collateral Cuts, to use any Pleasure Boat or Boats upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts (so as the same do not pass through any Lock), without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, and without paying any Rate or Due for the same; and so as such Boat he not used for carrying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, and do not obstruct or prejudice the said Navigation.

LXV. And, to the End that the said Navigation may be carried on with as little Damage to private c Property as possible/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make, or cause to be made, such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, over, under, or into, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and the Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses, communi-. eating therewith, and the Towing-paths on the Sides thereof, of such Depth and Breadth as shall be sufficient at all Times to convey the Water from the Lands adjoining or lying near to the said Canal or ? collateral Cuts, without obstructing or impounding the same; and also to make proper Watering-places for Cattle, where, by means of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, Cattle shall have been deprived of Watering-places; and that all such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, shall, from Time to Time, he, supported, maintained, and lcept in good and sufficient Repair, by the said Company of Proprietors, their, Successors and Assigns; and if at any Time or Times, after one Calendar Month's Notice shall be given by or on.Behalf of any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, who shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Obstruction of the said Watercourses, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Clerk, Agent, or Collector, for the Time being, the said Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages, shall not be made, cleansed, and repaired, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, having an Order in Writing for that Purpose from any five or more of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, as often as there shall he Occasion, to make, cleanse, and repair, such Arches, Tunnels, Drains, or other Passages; and the reasonable Expences thereof, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to satisfy the same for the Space of one Calendar Month after Demand thereof made upon the said Company of Proprietors, or their Clerk, Agent, or Collector, such Expences shall and may be recovered and levied. in such Manner as the Costs and Charges of making and erecting Bridges and other Works, by the Owners or Occupiers of Land, are by this Act directed and appointed to be recovered and levied*

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors* their Successors and Assigns, shall, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after any Land shall be > taken for the Use of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, at their own proper Costs and Charges, divide and separate, and keep constantly divided and separated, the Towing-paths onoach Side of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Trenches, or Passages, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be necessary, by Polls and Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks, or other Fences, from the remaining Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Towing-paths, and from which such Lands for the Use of the said Canal or collateral Cuts shall have been so taken; and shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, from Time to Time,‘maintain and support the said Towing-paths, and the said Polls, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks*. and other Fences, soerected, set up, or made, as aforesaid; and also shall, at their own Charges, make*erect, and set up, such and so many convenient Gates, Bridges, and Stiles, in and overall the Hedges and Fences to be by them so made on the Sides of such Towing-paths as aforesaid, and also such Bridges,

A.D. 1776 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28. 503

Arches, and Passages, over, under, or through, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and the said Trenches,

Streams, and Watercourses, and of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time judge necessary and appoint, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, adjoining to such Canal or collateral Cuts,

Trenches, Streams, Watercourses, and Towing-paths, or any of them respectively; and the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall not make the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or any Trench or Watercourse, or any Part thereof, in or across any Common Highway, Public Bridleway, or Foot-path, until such Time as they shall, at their own proper Charges, have made and perfected such Bridges, Passages, or Arches, over, through, or under, the Places where the said Canal, collateral Cuts,

Trenches, or Watercourses respectively, shall be intended to be made for such Road, Way, or Path, and of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge proper; and all such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, and other Conveniences, so to be made, shall, from Time to Time, be supported, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair, by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns.

[If Proprietor*

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That In case the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or their Agents, shall fail or neglect to divide and separate, and to negiclt to sept-keep divided and separated, the Towing-paths of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Sluices, and Passages, in Manner herein before directed, or to make, erect, and set up, such Gates, Bridges, and Stiles, #cc* in and over the Fences on the Sides of the Towing-paths, or such Bridges, Arches, and Passages, over, binder, or through the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and the said Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses, as aforesaid, or to make such Watering-places for Cattle as herein before directed, for the Use and Convenience of the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands adjoining thereto, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, for the Space of three Calendar Months next after the respective Times to be appointed for those Purposes by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; then, and in every such Case, it Occa^Ier* of *<u shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands or Grounds, Jacent Land* who shall find themselves aggrieved by any such Failure or Neglect, to make, ered, and set up, all such m99 *°|C* Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, Watering-places, and other Conveniences aforesaid, as the said kCommissioner$, or any five or more of them, shall have before directed or appointed to be made, ere&eq, and set up, by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, as aforesaid; and all the whoftali bere-reasonable Costs and Charges thereof, to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or imbuFfed by the more of them, shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, who shall P*0?10* have so made and erefied the said Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, Watering-places, or other Conveniences as aforesaid, by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, within the Space of twenty-one Days next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand shall have been delivered and made thereof: And in Default of Payment of the said Costs and In Default of Charges within the Time aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they }>aPDe^,nt® be are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Je^ Dlf* Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors w and Assigns which shall be found upon the said Canal, collateral Cuts, or the Wharfs, Quays, or Ware-houses, adjoining or near the same, to be applied to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have so laid out and expended the same as aforesaid, rendering to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or to some of their Agents, the Overplus (if any there be), after deducing the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled determined by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; or otherwise, the said Owners or Occupiers of Land, who shall have made, erected, or set up, any such Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, Watering-places, or other Conveniences as aforesaid, shall and may have such and the like Remedy against the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of such Costs and Charges, by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner, as in other Cases is in and by this Act mentioned and directed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Posts, Rails, In case the Com-Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks, or other Fences aforesaid, or the said Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Pan? n^]ea to Passages, Watering-places, or other Conveniences, shall be out of Repair, it shall be lawful for the re- § a*c'; spedhve Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds who shall be afre&ed thereby, or any of them, to occupier* of apply to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for Power to repair the same (giving at least Uadi mty do fourteen Days previous Notice of such intended Application to the said Company of Proprietors, and of the Time and Place of making such Application, by inferring the same in the Birmingham and Worcester Newspapers, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall, at any General Meeting, direct or appoint); and the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised, by Warrant in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such Owners or Occupiers to make good such Repairs as to them shall seem necessary, in case the said Company of Proprietors shall not, within thirty Days from the Time of granting such Warrant, cause the same to be done; and the said Owners or Occupiers respectively shall have and recover the Costs and Charges thereof by such Ways and Means as are herein before provided for recovering the Costs and Charges of making, erecting, and setting up the same originally, by the said Owners or Occupiers respectively.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals, Glass-house Pot-clay, Coal*,&c. foonJ Limestone, Ironstone, and other Minerals, which shall be found and dug up in making, carrying on, in digs>ns tae and completing, the said Canal and collateral Cuts, or any other Works hereby authorised to be made, Cana,» bc carried on, and completed, shall be laid upon the Surface of the Lands in some convenient Place near the p'r ^rsyJ r°" iaid Works, at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and it shall

5°4*

Proprietori of Minn, &c. iray make Dra;m to carry W-t'r from the same, 4c,

Minei not to be work'd within is Yards of Canal*

Method of getting Coal, &c. under Canal*

Method of dif-covering when Mines are working under or near the Canal.

How Proprietor* to proceed Jb> such Caits.

Company to in-spea Coalmines, &c,

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

and may be lawful to and for the Persons respectively in whose Land or Ground the said Coals, Glass-house Pot-clay, Limestone, Ironstone, and other Minerals, shall be found and dug up, to take, cany away, and dispose of the same to and for his and their own Use and Benefit; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Owners or Proprietors of any such Mines, Glass-house Pot-clay, Limestone, Ironstone, and other Minerals, which shall or may be discovered or cut in any Tunnel or Aquedutft which shall be made by virtue of this Act, to make a Sough or Soughs, Drain or Drains, to water or drain the remaining Part of such Mines or Minerals, and to discharge the Water arising and flowing from the same into such Tunnel or Aqueduct; provided that such Settling-places be made at convenient Distances in such Soughs or Drains as shall be approved and directed by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their principal Engineer for the Time being, and the same shall be cleansed as often as shall be necessary at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, in order to prevent the Mud and Earth from being conveyed into such Tunnel or Aquedu&; provided that such Parts of the said Soughs or Drains as shall be under or within the pittance of ten Yards from such Tunnel or Aqueduct on either Side thereof, shall not exceed four Feet in Breadth, and that the same shall be performed under the Direction and Inspection of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assignst or their principal Engineer for the Time being; and that no Owner or Proprietor of any Mines or Minerals, their Workmen or Servants, or other Person whatsoever, shall open or carry on any Work for digging, getting, or discovering, such Mines or Minerals, under any Tunnel, or within twenty Yards of the same, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; and that no Water shall be taken or drawn off lower than the Level of the Water in the said Canal and collateral Cuts, by any Works to be made, carried on, or erected, for getting such Coals, Glass-house Pot-clay, Limestone, Ironstone, or Minerals, within twenty Yards of any such Tunnel or Aqueduct, unless such Water shall be returned into the said Canal or collateral Cuts through such Tunnel or Aquedud; and that no Owner or Proprietor of any Mines or Minerals, their Workmen or Servants, or other Person whatsoever, shall, on any Account whatever, open, dig, fink, or carry on, any Work fdr the getting of Coal, Limestone, Ironstone, or Mineral, within the Distance of twelve Yards from the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts as aforesaid; nor shall any Coals, or other Minerals, be got under any Part of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the Towing-paths thereunto belonging, or under any Reservoir or Reservoirs to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or within or under any Land or Ground lying within the Distance of twelve Yards of either Side of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or of any Reservoir or Reservoirs, on any Account whatsoever, except as herein after mentioned, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Writing under their Common Seal for that Purpose, first had and obtained.

LXX. Provided nevertheless, That when any Mine of Coal, Ironstone, or other Mineral, which shall be worked agreeable to the Directions of this Act, or any Vein thereof, shall extend beyond the Limits herein before allowed for working the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner of any such Mine, without any such Consent as aforesaid, from Time to Time, upon making sufficient and necessary Headways or Tunnels under the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Towing paths, and also under any Ground where such Owners are restrained from working as aforesaid, to dig, make, and get, such Coal, Ironstone, or other Minerals, beyond such Limits; so as such Headways or Tunnels do not exceed fix Feet in Height, nor four Feet in Breadth; and so as the same are not made nearer together than nine Feet; any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

4 LaXI. And, for the better discovering Persons who shall or may open, dig, fink, or carry on, any Work for the getting of Coal or other Minerals contrary to the Directions of this Act,* be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, by themselves, their Agents and Servants, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to enter upon any Lands or Grounds, through or near which the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts, and other Works hereby authorised to be made, shall be or pass, wherein any Coal or other Mines shall or may be dug or opened, and like wife to enter into such Coal or other Mines, and there to view, search, measure, latch, and use all other Means for the discovering the Distance of the said intended Canal, collateral Cuts, or Towing-paths, and Reservoirs, from the working Parts of such Mines respectively; and in case it shall appear that any Mine hath been worked or got contrary to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and to and for their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, at the Expence, Costs, and Charges, of the Owners or Proprietors of all such Mines respectively, to enter into and upon all such Mines, and from Time to Time to use all necessary and reasonable Ways and Means for repairing, supporting, sustaining, securing, and making safe the said Canal, collateral Cuts, Towing-paths, and other Works; and such Expences, Costs, and Charges, shall be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in such and the same Manner as the Rates or Dues herein before granted are to be recovered, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to be applied for the Purposes of this Acth

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Owner or Proprietor of any Coal-mine, Limestone, or other Minerals, lying under the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or any such Reservoir or Reservoirs as aforesaid, or within the Distance herein before limited, shall be desirous of working the same, then, and in every such Case, such Owner or Proprietor shall give Notice in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, of such his, her, or their Intention, to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors, at least three Calendar Months before he, she, or they, shall begin to work such Mines, lying under the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the said Reservoir or Reservoirs, or within the Distance aforesaid; and upon the Receipt of such Notice, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, to insped, or cause such Mines

to

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28.

S°S

to be inspected, in order to determine u hat Coal or other Mineral# may be come at, and be actually gotten: And if the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall fail or neglect to inspect, or cause such Mines to be inspected, within thirty Days after the Receipt of such Notice, then it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or Proprietors of such Mines, and they are hereby respectively authorised to work, and get such Part of the said Mines as lie under the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the said Refer-voir or Reservoirs, or within the Distance aforesaid: Apd if, upon such Inspection as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall refuse to permit the Owners or Proprietors of the said Mines to work such Part of the said Mines as lie under the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the said Reservoir or Reservoirs, or within the Distance aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as they might, from Time to Time, have come at and actually gotten, or in any other Manner obstruct or prevent them from getting the same; then the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, within three Calendar Months after such Refusal or Obstruction as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, to the Owners, Proprietors, or Workers of such Mines respectively, such Price or Prices for the same, in proportion to their several Interests therein, as the next adjoining Mines of equal Quality shall have been really and bona fide fold for, or be estimated or valued at: And if any Question or Difnute shall arise between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, and the Owners, Proprietors, or Workers of the said Mines, their Executors or Administrators, touching any of the Matters aforesaid, then the same shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any'five or more of them, in such Manner, and subject to the Verdict of a Jury, if required, as the Value of the Lands for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Towing-paths is by this Act directed to be settled and ascertained; and, in Default of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by D llrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, which shall be found upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the Wharfs, Quays, or Warehouses, adjoining or near to the same, to and for the Use of such Owners or Proprietors of the said Mines, their Executors or Administrators, as the Case may be; or otherwise the said Owners or Proprietors, their Executors or Administrators respectively, may sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, of any Mines or Minerals, and they are hereby authorised to work, carry on, and drain the same; and to make Cuts through his or their own Lands to communicate with the said Canal or collateral Cuts, in such Manner as they shall think proper, subject to the Terms and Conditions of this Act, so as no Injury or Damage be done thereby to the said Navigation, and so as the Person or Persons making such Cuts shall (if thereunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns) make, eredf, and maintain, one or more Stop-gate or Stop-gates on every such Cut, in order to prevent the Water being drained or wasted out of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, by means of making any such Cuts to communicate therewith as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And, in order that the Owners of Mines, lying at a greater Distance from the said Canal or collateral Cuts, may not be prevented from bringing their Coals and Minerals by the Owners of Lands lying nearer to or between the said Mines and the said Canal or collateral Cuts, but may have, as well as the Public, the Benefit of the proposed Navigation,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of any Coal-mines, Ironstone, Limestone, or other Mines, lying within the Distance of one thousand Yards from the said Canal, or either of the said collateral Cuts, shall find it expedient and necessary to make one or more Railway or Railways, Road or Roads, to convey his, her, or their Coals, Ironstone, Limestone, or other Minerals, to the said Canal, or either of the said collateral Cuts, over the Land or Ground of some other Person or Persons, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, being the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds, within the Distance of one thousand Yards from the said Canal or collateral Cuts, over which such Railway or Road is intended to be made, to treat and agree with the Proprietor or Owner, Proprietors or Owners, of such Mines for the Damage the Owner of any such Lands or Grounds shall or may sustain by making such Railway or Railways, Road or Roads, as aforesaid; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Lands or Grounds, and the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of such Mines, cannot agree concerning the Recompence to be made for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of such Mines, to apply to'any nine or more of the said Commissioners to ascertain the Course and Direction, and also the Dirfance (not exceeding one thousand Yards) which any such Railway or Road shall be made; and the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall, upon such Application, appoint a Meeting for ascertaining and fixing the Course and Direction, and also the Distance (not exceeding one thousand Yards) of such Railway or Road, of which Meeting fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given in Writing to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds, which Notice shall also express the Line or Course, and Distance of such intended Railways or Roads respectively; and the said Commissioners shall view the Place in question, and examine Evidence upon Oath touching the same (all which Oaths anyone of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer); and if it shall appear to the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, that such Railways or Roads respectively is or are necessary and fitting to be made, that then, but not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of such Mines, to make and open Communications with his, her, or their respective Mines or Works, and the said Canal or collateral Cuts, by making, ere£iing, and opening, such Railways or other Roads, and to use the same with*Horses, Carts, or other Carriages, through and over the Lands or Grounds of such Person or Persons as aforesaid (not being a Dwelling house, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or

On Failure

whereof. Owners may work the same;

or the Company shall make them Satisfaction.

Disputes to be settled by the Commissioners, Sc c.

Owners of Mines may make Cots through their own Grounds,

Owners of Mines im powered to make Rail* ways, &c.

If Parties cannot agree, may apply to the Commissioners,

who are to view the Place, and settle the Differences, &c.

Proprietors may rest a Towing-bridge over the Slaffoi dihire Cl-nai

making Satisfaction for Damages, &c.

Lowermost Lock on Canal, not to be of left Fall than 10 Feet*

Canal, between Stourbridge and Bell'i Mill, to be on a Level.

Time limited for finishing certain Parts of Canal, &c.

Owners of adjoining Lands miy ere ft Bridges, &c. at their own Charge.

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Lawn inclosed or adjoining to a Mansion-house), in such Manner as to such Owners or Proprietors respectively shall seem expedient; provided that no Damage, Impediment, or Inconvenience, shall or may be occasioned to the said Navigation by means of such Communications, and the Owners or Proprietors of any such Mines or Minerals making full Satisfaction for all Damages to be sustained by the Owners and Proprietors of any such Lands by reason of the making such Roads or Railways; and in cate the said Owners or Proprietors of any such Mines or Minerals, and the Owners and Occupiers of any such Lands, cannot agree touching the Satisfaction to be made, the same shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in such Manner, and subject to the Verdict of a Jury if re-uired, as the Value of the Lands to be taken for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts is by this Act iredted to be settled and ascertained; and in Default of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, the same to be recovered in Manner as is herein before directed and provided for recovering Money which ought to be paid for any Damage to be occasioned to any Lands by reason of the making the said Canal. or collateral Cuts.

LXXV. And whereas it will be necessary, in order to effedi such Junction with the said Staffordshire and JVoraftershire Canal as aforesaid, to erect a Bridge over the same, for the Purpose of towing the Boats and other Vessels to be navigated on the Canal intended to be made by virtue of this A StJ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, to make, let up, and erect, a proper Bridge over and across the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near the Place where the said Canals are intended to communicate; and to make an Abutment to such Bridge, on the Side of the Towing-path belonging to the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, as often as Oecalion may require, to repair and amend such Bridge and Abutment, and to make any new Bridge, or Abutment, so as not to injure or obstruct the Navigation of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal in any greater Degree than the same is injured or obstructed by other Bridges efedled across the same 5 and so as reasonable Satisfaction and Amends be made to the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, for any Land to be taken thereby, or for any Damage to be done to their Canal in the making and constructing of such Bridge and Abutments, or in repairing of the same; such Satisfaction and Damage to be settled and ascertained in the same Manner as is herein before prescribed with respect to Satisfaction and Damages for Lands to betaken and used for the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, or for any Damage occasioned thereby.

LXXVI. And, in order that a Supply, of Water may be brought into the said Staffordshire and Wor- cestershire Canal, by means of the intended Navigation,' be it therefore enac&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby re-

2uired to make and construcSt the lowed Lock, which shall be erected on the said intended Canal, of the Depth or Fall of ten Feet at the lead, and at all Times to fu^port and maintain the same of such Depth, unless the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal shall consent and agree, by Writing under their Common Seal, to have the same of a less Depth or Fall; any Thing iivthis Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, and their Successors, shall, and they are hereby required to make and execute all that Part of the intended Canal which lies between the Town of Stourbridge* and a Place called Bell's Mill upon the same Level, in order that such Part of the said Canal may be supplied with Water from the collateral Cuts dire£ed to be made as aforesaid: And the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, are hereby required to make and finish that Part of the said Canal which-lies between the said Town of Stourbridge and Wordesley Brook, within such Time and in such Manner that the same shall be opened for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels at the same Time the said collateral Cut to the Fens shall be opened: And the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby also required, within the Space of six Months afterwards, to make and finifii the said collateral Cut from the Black Delph aforesaid, to or near the said Lands called The Lays; and there to make and effect a. Junction and Communication with the said other collateral Cut to be made from the Fens^aforesaid to the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands through which the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts shall be made, do or shall at any Time or Times find that the several Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, Watering-places, and other Conveniencies which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have ordered and directed to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in, upon, over, under, or through the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the Towing-paths thereof, are insufficient either in the Number or Situation for the commodious Use and Occupation of the respective Lands and Grounds on both Sides, or on either Side, of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owners or Occupiers, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Committee for the Time being, or of the major Part thereof, upon Request made to them for that Purpose, or in case of their Refusal for the Space of ten Days after such Requell, then with the Consent and Approbation of any five or more of the said Commissioners, to make, fix, and ere<3, at their own Costs and Charges, such other Gates, Stiles, Bridges, Arches, Passages, Watering-places, or other Conveniencies, of the same or the like Construction with the others made and erected by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, on, in, over, or near, the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or Towing-paths thereof, and in such Places as shall be found and judged most necessary and convenient for the better Use, Cultivation and Improvement, or Occupation of the said Lands, and to repair and support the same at their own like Costs and Charges, as Oecalion shall requires so as the said Navigation be not 5 prevented

5°7

Company retrained from eroding or taking down certain Building», &c.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28.

prevented or obstructed thereby for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner, than the same, will necessarily be by/naking other Gates, Stiles, or Bridges, in or over the said Canal or collateral Cuts, by the said Company of Proprietors.

LXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said Proprietors* their Successors or Assigns, to erect or build any Mill or Mills upon the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, or upon the Lands which shall be set out for the Towing-paths,

Wharfs, or Quays, on the Sides thereof, or to convert, employ, or use, any Water that shall be brought into or discharged out of the said Canal or collateral Cuts for the Use of any Mill or Mills hereafter to be ereftednear the same, or to make, erect, or build, any Houses, Warehouses, Quays, Wharfs, Cranes, or Weigh-beams, within the Distance of fifty Yards of any Capital Mansion-house, or in or upon any Fold, Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to an House, or Lawn inclosed adjoining to any Capital Mansion-house, that was used as such on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or upon the North-west Side of the Turnpike-road leading from Hafcut Bridge to Stewtoney (other than Bridges,-Locks, and Abutments,), without the Consent of the said %obn Hodgetis, his Heirs or Assigns, in Writing, first had and obtained, or to take down or damage any Dwelling-house or Out-house (without the Consent of the Proprietors thereof respectively, except only such Buildings as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, are herein after expressly authorised and impowered to take down); or to cut down any Timber-wood, Brulbwood, or or cuttingdowa Underwood, upon any of the Estates or Lands through or into which the said Canal or collateral Cuts, Timber, Roads, Passages, or Conveniencies, shall be made or carried, other than such as shall grow or be in or ("cept *8* upon any of the Lands or Grounds which shall be set out and ascertained, taken or used for the Purposes *

of the said Navigation;- and that the Proprietors of the respective Lands or Grounds on which such Timber-wood, Brushwood, or Underwood, which shall be cut down, was growing, shall have it in their Option to take such Timbef-wood, Brushwood, and Underwood respectively, when fallen or cut down < by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, at such Price or Value as the same respectively shall have been estimated at or purchased by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns; but in case the same shall not have been estimated at or purchased by them upon a Valuation < separate ordiftinct from the Lands or Grounds upon which the same respectively shall then grow, then at such Price or Value as shall be agreed on for that Purpose between such Proprietors or Owners of Land and the said Company of Proprietors or their Agent; or in case of any Difference in settling or ascertaining the same, then at such Price or Value as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall; ascertain and fix; all which Timber-wood, Brushwood, or Underwood, so cut down, shall and may be carried and conveyed upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts to and from any Part thereof free from all:

Rates or Dues whatsoever.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, for the sole and only Purposes of making the said Canal, and a Towing-path on the Side thereof, and a Reservoir or Bason for the Use of the said Navigation, and also for the Purpose of erecting Warehouses and other Buildings, and making and laying out Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, and Roads, for the Use of the said Canal (in case the said Earl of Stamford and his Heir9 shall not chuse to make* erect, and lay out, such Warehouses, Buildings,

Wharfs, Quays, Landing-Places, and Roads), to purchase and take down certain Shops and Warehouses in the Occupation of Joseph Pdrkes% situate in Amblecoat aforesaid, and which belong to the said Earl; and also to purchase and use certain Garden Grounds belonging to the Taid Earl, in the Occupation of the said jfofeph Paries and also, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Earl and his Heirs, or such Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be seised in Possession of the Dwelling-house in the Occupation of the said Jofetoh Paries^and also of certain Dwelling-houses and Buildings in the Occupation of John Harr-cox, or his Under-tenants, fit u ate in Amblecoat aforesaid, and which adjoin to the Turnpike-road leading from Stourbridge to Wolverhampton, first had and obtained, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to purchase and take down the lass-mentioned Dwelling-houses and Buildings; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Earl and his Heirs, or such other Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be seised for Life, or of any greater Estate, of and in the said Dwelling-houses, Buildings, and Garden Grounds, to sell and convey the same unto the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, in Fee Simple; and such Sales and Conveyances shall, without any Fine or Recovery, or other Assurancea in the Law, be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes: And in case the said Earl and his Heirs, or such other Person or Persons so intitled as aforesaid, and the said Company of Proprietors, their SuccHTors or Assigns, shall not agree upon the Price or Value of the said Buildings and Garden.

Grounds, that then the same shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or by a Jury, in such Manner as is herein before directed and prescribed with respect to Lands to be taken for the Use of the said Canal, Regard being had to the true Value of the said Buildings and Garden Grounds: Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to authorise or enable the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to take down the said Dwelling-house in the Occupation of the said Joseph Parkcs, or the said Dwelling-houses and Buildings in the Occupation of the said John Hancox, or his Under-tenants, without the Consent of the said Earl or his Heirs, or such other Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be seised thereof as aforesaid; or to convert the said Garden Grounds, or the Ground whereon the said other Buildings now stand, to any other Purpose than the Purposes herein before expressly mentioned; or to lessen or prejudice the Right of the said Earl and his Heirs, and such other Person and Persons as aforesaid, to build, erect, or use, any Wharfs, Quays* Landing-places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, Warehouses, or Roads, in or upon his or their Lands, adjoining or near to the said Canal, or from landing any Goods or Merchandise thereupon, or upon the Banks lying between the same, or from making and using proper and convenient Places for

Boats

Proprietors for* powered to take down certain Shop*, be* longing to the Earl of SttOK ford.

If Parties aumot agree, Difference to be settled by OommiflicncTi, &ct

Company not to take down certain House*, without Consent of Owner^ &c,

5©8

Lind.owntn may ercft Ware, bo'jfcs, &c. on their own Lands, Sc c.

If Lind-nwn-ri Tiegletf to build, Sec after twelve Months Notice, Proprietors may do it.

Staking Satlf-lattion to the Owners,

Proprietors not to make Roads over Lands of the Earl of Stamford, &c. without their Coafent,

nor to leave

Goods on their Wharfs, longer than fiat Days,

Rates for Wharf-age to be paid to Xaad>owaert.

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Boats or other Vessels to lie and turn in, agreeable to the Powers and Authorities herein after given and

contained.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain or hinder the said George Harry Earl of Siam* ford% Edward Russell Esquire, and John Addenbrooke Homfray, or the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds, through or near which the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts shall be made, from building, erecting, or using, any Wharfs, Quays, Landing places. Cranes, Weigh-beams, or Warehouses, in and upon their Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, adjoining or near to the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or from landing any Goods or Merchandise or other Things thereupon, or upon the Banks lying between the same and the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, or from making and using proper and convenient Places for Boats or other Vessels to lie in, turn, or pass by each other, or from making and laying out proper and convenient Ways and Roads to and from the Lid Canal and collateral Cuts, so that the making, erecting, or using thereof respectively shall and do not ©bftrud or prejudice the said Navigation, or the Towing-paths on the Sides thereof; and all Rates and Dues that shall be paid for the Use and Benefit of all such Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, and Warehouses respectively, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Earl, the said Edward RujTelly and John Addenbrooke Homfray, or such Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, who shall make, ered, and build the same upon their own Lands, Grounds, or Estates respectively, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint if the said George Harry Earl of Stamford, or the said Edward Russell, and John Addenbrooke Homfray, or any such Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, shall not, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after Notice given in Writing by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns* that any Part or Parts of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, is or are intended to be used by them for the Purpose of erecting Warehouses and Buildings for the Use of the said Navigation, or for making and laying out necessary and convenient Roads for the Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Canal and collateral Cuts, make, ered, and lay out, and from Time to Time maintain and keep inconstant and substantial Repair, such proper and sufficient Warehouses, Buildings, and Roads, for the Use of the said Navigation, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary, and on the respective Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds described in such Notice, that then the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall have full and absolute Power and Authority, without any Hindrance or Restraint whatsoever, to make use of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes (except such as are herein before particularly excepted), for erecting and building proper and sufficient Warehouses and Buildings, and making and laying out necessary and convenient Roads to and from the said Canal and collateral Cuts, agreeable to such Notice to be delivered as aforesaid, first making Satisfaction for the same, in such Manner as is directed with respect to other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act: But that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject the said Earl, the said Edward Russell^ and John Addenbrooke Homfray, or such Lord or Owner of Land as afcrc-said, to the Repairs of the Towing-paths belonging to the said Canal or collateral Cuts.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, to enable the said Company of Proprietors, their Succdfors or Assigns, to make any Roads or Ways over any of the Lands or Grounds belonging to the said George Harry Earl of Stam~ ford, Edward Russell, or John Addenbrooke Homfray respectively, or over any Wharls or Quays which shall be made by them, any or either of them, on the Side of the said intended Canal, other than for the Purpose of a Towing-path for Horses, to hale Vessels upon the said Canal, and other than such Roads for the Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Canal as shall be thought necessary by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to be made and set out agreeable to the Notice herein before directed to be given for that Purpose, without the Consent of the said Earl, the said Edward Russell, and John Addenbrooke Homfray, or their Heirs respectively, first had and obtained, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands; and that it shall not be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to lay or continue any Timber, Stone, Coal, Bricks, or other Goods, upon any Quays or Wharfs belonging to the said Earl, Edward Russell, and John Addenbrooke Homfray, for any longer Space of Time than six Days, without the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor of such Quay or Wharf, or his or their Wharfinger, Clerk, or known Agent, first had and obtained, or to commit any Trespass or Damage upon the Wharfs, Lands, or Grounds of the said Earl, Edward Russell, and John Addenbrooke Homfray respectively, other than what shall be absolutely necessary for the setting out, making, and repairing, of the said Canal, and the Towing-path on the Sides thereof, as also, for the setting out, making, and repairing, of the said Bason, and the making, erecting, and building, of such Wharfs, Qpays, Roads, and Warehouses, as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, are herein before authorised by this Act to set out, make, ered, and build, upon the particular Lands and Grounds of the said Earl, the said Edward Rujself and John Addenbrooke Homfray, respectively.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing shall be demanded or taken by any Lord or Lords, Land-owner or Land-owners, who shall or may make, ered, or build, any Wharfs or Quays, or make or lay out any Roads to and from the said Canal, or collateral Cuts, on any Part of the Lands or Grounds adjoining to the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts by virtue of this Act, as or for Wharfage for any Coals, or other Goods or.Merchandise, which shall be loaded into, or discharged from, any Boat or other Vessel, unless such Coals, CJoods, or Merchandise, shall lie upon such Wharfs or Quays for a longer Space of Time than six Hours in the Day-time, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that no more than the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per Ton shall be demanded or taken for the Wharfage of Coals, Lime,

Luneftone,

S°9

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28.

Limestone, Clay, Iron, Gravel, Timber, Stone, Brick, Tile, or Slate 5 nor more than Three-pence per Ton for the Wharfage of any other Goods or Merchandise, where the same shall be respectively placed, and remain upon such Wharfs or Quays for a longer Space than six Hours as aforesaid, and shall not continue thereupon for a longer Space of Time than six Days; nor shall any Thing be demanded or taken for the Use of the said Roads for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandises to and from the said Canal or collateral Cuts: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, Company of their Successors and Assigns, toerect, repair, and use, any Crane or Cranes, or Weighing-machine, upon Proprietor* may every such Wharf or Quay, for the more convenient loading, unloading, and weighing of any such Coals ereaCranes,&c. or other Goods, in case the Proprietors of such Wharfs or Quays shall refuse to make and ere# the same J? Wharf,5L within three Calendar Months after they shall have received Notice in Writing for that Purpose from the wnew ne*ect* said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns.

LXXXV. And, for preventing Disputes touching the Weight of the Lading on board any Boat or Weight of the c Vessel passing upon the said Navigation/ be it further enacted, That the Masters of all such Boats or Lading of Vef. Vessels shall, and they are hereby required to fix on each Side thereof respectively correct Indexes of Cop- to be/n®f£* per, Lead, or other Metal, of such graduated Dimensions, and of such convenient Height, and under such e on 5,dc* Regulations, as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time dire#, so that the true Weight of the Lading on board may at all Times be thereby ascertained and shewn; and the Names of the Owners w»d Name* of of such Boats or Vessels, and the proper Numbers thereof respectively, in Copper, Lead, or other Metal, the Owcer*, Ac* as aforesaid, shall also by such Masters and Owners be affixed on the Sides of the said Boats or Vessels in soir.e conspicuous Manner: And if the Master or Owner of any such Boat or Vessel shall navigate the same on Penalty of upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, without having such Index, Name, and Number, upon his or their Boat or Vessel, every such Master or Owner so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shilling*, to be levied, recovered, and applied, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as she other Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Master of every B*>»ts, to be Boat or other Vessel navigating upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, shall permit and suffer every such rocafure<L Boat or other Vessel to be measured, at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, whenever it shaft be required by them, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose; and if any Penalty, on-Re-Owner or Master of any Boat or other Vessel shall refuse to have his, her, or their Boats or other Vessels measured as aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, the Sum of forty Shillings.

LXXaVII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of every Boat or other Vessel navi- Boatmaster or gating upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts, shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, pwne»m«dear-Spoil, or Mischief, that shall be done by his Boat or other Vessel, or any of the Boatmen or Watermen nu7* done b belonging to, or employed in or about the same respectively, unto any of the Bridges, Weirs, Locks, th/crewf* Dams, Engines, or other Works, in, upon, or near the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts, or by loading or unloading any Boat or other Vessel, and for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Proprietors of any Buildings, Ere£tion9, Lands, or Tenements, adjoining to the same- and the Master or Owner of such Boat or Vessel shall and may be sued and prosecuted for the same in any Court of Record whatsoever; and if a Verdi# pass against him, or Judgment be given against him upon Demurrer, or by Default, the Plaintiff, in any such Case, shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with Double Costs of Suit.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company of Pro- Proper Places t» prietots, their Successors and Assigns, foal] and may, and they are hereby required, in such Parts of the ke frr said Canal, or collateral Cuts, as shall not be of a sufficient Breadth for admitting a Boat or Vessel to turn ®°*tst0 lur* about or lie, or for two Boats or other Vessels to pass each other, to open or cut proper Spaces or Places ie ,n* in the Lands adjoining to the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, at convenient Distances from each other, for the turning, lying, and passing of any such Boat or Vessel; and that the said Boats or other Vessels, failing or being haled or navigated upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, shall, upon meeting any other Boat or Vessel, flop at or go back to and lie in the said Spaces or Places in such Manner as-the said Committee, or the major Part of them, under their Hands and Seals, shall dire# and appoint.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel shall be placed in any Part of the said PfcnMty on pla-Canal or collateral Cuts, so as to obstru# the Navigation thereof, and the Person having the Care of such cin8 Boat or Vessel shall not immediately, upon Reaueft made for that Purpose, remove the same, he shall, SeViSutb* for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, for every *

Hour such Obstruction shall continue 5 and it shall be lawful for the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, to cause any such Boat or Vessel to be unloaded, if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing such Obstru#ion in the Navigation, and to seize and detain such Boat or Vessel, and the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loading, until the Charges occasioned by such Unloading and Removal are paid; and if any Boat or Vessel VefTkAwikt* shall be sunk in the said Canal or collateral Cuts, and the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons having weighed^ the Care of such Boat or Vessel, shall not, without Loss of Time, weigh or draw up the same, it shall be lawful for the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, to cause such Boat or Vessel to be weighed or drawn up, and to detam and keep the same till Payment be made of all Expences necessarily occasioned thereby.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (bast float any Timber upon the said p*rt>n* fibrin# Canal or collateral Cuts, or shall suffer the Loading of any Boat or Vessel to lie over the Sides thereof, or Timber on the shall overload any Boat or other Vessel navigating in or upon the said Canal and collateral Cuts, fa as by or over-

such Overloading to obstru# the Passage of any other Boat or Vessel* and shall not immediately-, upon ioidAn* Vt&u*

i Notice

5i°

or throwing Grt-tcI, &c. into CanaJ, to forfeit

Regulation! for Vessels passing the Locks.

Penalty of 40s. for each Offence.

Canal not to be under the Power of Commissioners of Sewers.

If Company ne-

gleft to pay annual Rent!, &c.

Commissioners may appoint a Person to receive the Rates, and pay the same,

4t c«

Referration of Rights of Lords of Manors, &c. relating to Mines, &c.

c. 28.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Notice given to the Owner or Owners, Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat or Vessel so obstructing the Passage as aforesaid, remove the same, so as to make a free Passage for other Boats or Vessels, every such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, floating such Timber, or having the Care of such Boat or Vessel so obstructing the Passage as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall throw any Ballast, Gravel, Stones, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said Canal or collateral Cuts, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds; which said respective Forfeitures shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to be by them applied to the Purposes of the said Navigation,

XCI. Provided always, and oe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Boatman or other Person navigating any Boat or other Vessel upon the said Canal or collateral Cuts, through any Lock to be made thereon, shall, in going down the same, (but the Lower Gates of such Lock before he shall draw the Cloughs of the Upper Gates thereof; and after he or they shall have brought his Boat or other Vessel into the said Lock, shall (but the Upper Gates before he shall draw the Cloughs of the Lower Gates there*-of; and in all dry Seasons, when there shall be a Scarcity of Water in the said Canal or collateral Cuts, the Vessel going up the same, if within Sight of, and at a Distance not exceeding three hundred Yards below a Lock, shall pass through the same oefore the Vessel coming down, and then the Vessel next above such Lock shall come down; and if there are more Vessels than one below and above any Lock at the same Time, in such dry Seasons, within the Distance aforesaid (which Distance shall be distinguished by a Post or Mark to be set up or made for that Purpose), such Vessels shall go up and come down at-such Lock by Turns as aforesaid, until all the said Vessels going up or coming down shall have passed, by which Means one Lock-full of Water may serve two Vessels; and if any Person shall act contrary to the Rules herein before laid down, and shall be convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, as also the Master or other Person having the Command of such Boat or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of forty.Shillings.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the said*Canal or collateral Cuts, or any Works whatsoever to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order, of any Commission of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Thing or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such annual Rents or Sums as shall be agreed on between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and the Parties interested in such Lands, Grounds, Mills, Forges, or Iron Works, or which shall be so settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or by a Jury as aforesaid, shall be charged on the Rates and Dues herein before granted, and shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, as the same shall become due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid within twenty-one Days next after the same shall respectively become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to receive the said Rates and Dues, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, until such yearly Rents or Sums, with the Costs and Charges of recovering and receiving thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; or such Person or Persons, to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, may foe the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, for, and recover the same, with Costs of Suirf by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, and be and they, and every of them, is and are hereby impowered to seize and distrain any Boats, Vessels, or other Goods or Effects of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, which shall be found upon the said Canal of collateral Cuts9 or in, upon, or about, the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other Works belonging thereto, and to detain the same until Payment thereof, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within five Days after such Distress made, and Notice thereof given in Writing, by affixing such Notice on some public Place at any of the Wharfs or Quays belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, then such Boats, Vessels, or other Goods or Effects so distraineo, shall and may be appraised and fold in such Manner as the Law directs in case of Distress for Rent; but the Goods or Effects of no other Person or Persons than the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall be liable to be seized or detained by virtue of the Powers hereby given.

XCIV.' Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, prejudice, or affect the Right of any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Common or Waste Grounds, or of any Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds in, upon, or through which the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, Trenches, Sluices, Passages, Watercourses, or Conveniencies aforesaid, or any of them, shall be made, to the Mines,' Minerals, or Quarries, lying or being within or under the Lands or Grounds to be set out or made use of for such Canal and collateral Cuts, Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, or other Conveniences aforesaid, or any of them; but all such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, are hereby reserved to such Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, or of such Common or Waste Grounds, and to such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively, their Heirs or Assigns; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, Common or Waste Grounds, or such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively (subject to the Conditions and Restrictions herein contained) to work all such Mines and Quarries, and to take and carry away all such Coals, Iron-stone, and Minerals, as shall be gotten therein, to his and their own Use; provided that in working such Mines and Quarries no Injury be done to the said Navigation; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to erect any Warehouses or other Buildings (except such Warehouses, Warchhouses, or other Works, as shall be necessary for making, using, preserving, and maintaining, the said Navigation) upon any of the Lands or Grounds which shall be set out and ascertained for the said Canal and collateral Cuts, or the Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, or other Conveniencies, for the Use of the said Navigation; or to plant any Trees on such Lands or Grounds^ unless they shall first obtain the Consent of the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds at the Time of the setting out the same, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, under his* her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals respectively; and that in case any Warehouse or other Building (except as before excepted) shall be erected, or any Trees shall be planted, upon any such Lands or Grounds* without such Consent as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds, at the Time of the setting out the same as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, to take or pull down and remove such Warehouses and other Buildings, and to cut down and carry away such Trees, without being guilty of any Trespass, or liable to any Action or Prosecution for so doing.

XCVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Lord and Lords or Owner or Owners of all and every Manor and Manors through which the said intended Cana), and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs, shall be made, shall have and be intitled to the foie, several, and exclusive Right of Fishery of and in so much of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Reservoirs, Trenches, and Sluices, as shall be made over or through the Common or Waste Lands within his, her, or their Manor or Manors respectively; and also in, over* ,or through, any other Lands or Grounds lying within such Manor or Manors where such Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, now have or hath, or are or is intitled to, the Right of Fishery in the Pits, Ponds, and Waters, now being in such last mentioned Lands or Grounds respectively; and that the Owner or Owners of all other Lands or Grounds, through which the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs fttall b$ made, shall also have and be intitled to the like foie, several, and exclusive Right of Fishery of and in so much of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Reservoirs, Trenches, and Sluices, as shall be made in, over, or through, his, her, or their Lands or Grounds respectively; so as, in the Use and Exerciseof the said Right of fishery, no Prejudice be done to the said Canal and collateral Cuts, Reservoirs, Towing-paths, Banks, or other Works and Conveniencies hereby authorised to be made, or any Water drained cr exhausted from or out of the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs; and so as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, shall not be liable to any Penalty, Action, or Prosecution, for or by Reason of the taking or deft'roying of any Fish in the said Canal and collateral Cues and Reservoirs, which shall be taken, killed, or destroyed* through or by Means of the letting off the Water out of the said Canal and collateral Cuts and Reservoirs, for or upon Account of any Repairs or Works to be done in or about the same.

, XGVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons navigating or working, or being on board, any Boat or other Vessel within the Limits of the said Navigation (not being qualified to kill Game) shall carry on board any such Boat or Vessel, and shall use any Fishing-net, Gun, Engine, or other instrument for taking or destroying Fish or Game; or in case any other Person or Persons not qua* lifted as aforesaid shall use any Net, Fishing-rod, or other Engine or Device for taking or destroying the Fish in the said Canal or collateral Cuts and Reservoirs, such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath Qf one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Stafford or V/orceJier, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and in case any M after or other Person having the Command or Care of any Boat or other Vessel, shall suffer or permit any Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid, to have, carry on board, fend make use of, any Fishing-net, Gun, Engine, or other Instrument for taking or destroying Fish or Game, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of either of the said Counties reflectively, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds. T

c XCVIII. And for continuing a fufKcient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the Commissioners herein before appointed, or to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to -act, the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to cleft and appoint, in the Place of every Commissioner dying or refusing to act, some other Person qualified as herein after mentioned; and all such Commissioners so appointed shall, from the Time of their respective Appointments, have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had been expressly named and appointed Commissioners in and by this Act.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall at any Time hereafter neglect or refuse, upon Vacancy, to nominate or appoint new Commissioners, or that, for Want of a proper Number of Commissioners in the Neighbourhood it shall become difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings for executing the Powers of this Act; or in case the Commissioners nominated in this Act, or hereafter to be elected under and by virtue thereof, shall all of them happen to die, or be reduced to a less Number than Nine, that in either of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time, to make Complaint in the Premises to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Stafford^ at their General Quarter Sessions to beholden in and for the said County; and the said Justices to whom such Complaint shall be made, are hereby authorised to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Proof thereof being made to them, to nominate such fit and proper Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Acts and the said Commissioners so nominated and appointed (being duly qualified aa

Company not to zrcGt Ware-

houfrs, &c. without Consent of Land-owner*

Reservatlofl oP eiclusive Right$ of Fishery,

Care being taken not r® injure Canal, Towing-path* & c.

Unqualified Peffons not to carry any Gun, Fi£h-ing-nct, &c. on board any Vessel*

on Penalty ®f 5 I. for each Ostence.

When Comoiiffirovrs die. or refufr to new Ones to be chosen.

Justice* at

Quarter-Seflloni impowered to nominate Commissioners in certain Cales.

5l 2

Qualification of CcjnmissioncTi.

Amy Person aiding, not qualified, to forfeit £0 1.

Commissionen give 14 Day* Notice of their Meetings*

Commissioner* to be fWonu

Their Oath*

Commissioneit may act aa Justice*.

No Commissioner to act at such while he poffetfea any Place of Profit, &c.

Fite Commissionert, on Re* qoeft of Proprietors, &c. may appoint a General Meeting of Commi f-hooen.

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

herein after mentioned) shall from thenceforth have the like Powers and Authorities as if appointed by this Act, or under the Authority of Commissioners as aforesaid.

C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner is any Case where he shall be any-ways interested or concerned in the Matter in question; nor shall any Commissioner ad in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be seised in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee or Mortgagees, at the Time of such his Acting, of an Estate of Freehold or of, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or unless he shall be eldest Son or Heir-apparent of a Peer, or of a Person qualified to serve in Parliament as a Knight of the Shire; and if any Person, by this Act made incapable to act as a Commissioner, shall nevertheless presume to act as such in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Coils of Suit, by Action at Law, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at minster, in which Action no Eflfoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance; shall be allowed; and such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor* than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

CI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Meeting whatever of the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times be had for putting this Act in Execution, unless previous Notice thereof shall be first given and inserted in the Birmingham and Worcester Newspapers, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall, at any General Meetings direct or appoint, at lead fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and every such Notice shall specify the Time and Place of such Meeting or Meetings respectively, and the several Matters and Things then and there proposed to be done; and that every Meeting of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, shall be public; and that the Majority of the said Commissioners present at every such Meeting, (such Majority not being less than three) shall have Power and Authority to execute the Powers hereby vested in the said Commissioners; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CII. Provided always, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act,

(otherwise than in administering the following Oath) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath ollowing before any one or more of the said Commissioners, who is and are hereby authorised and imi* powered to administer the same; videlicet,

I A.B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, ao 4 A cording to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge*execute and perform the Powers and Authorities verted c in me as a Commissioner, by an Act of Parliament made in the nxteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton*

in the County of Stafford; and also two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet-

chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordefiey-brook with the River Stour;

and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut± 4 at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County ^Stafford.'

CIII. And be it further enadeck That such of the said Commissioners who are in the Commission of the Peace for the Counties of Stafford or Worcester^ shall and may, and are hereby impowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners.

CIV. Provided always, That if any Person appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner by virtue of this Act, shall have or accept any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates or Dues to be cdlleded by virtue of this Act, such Person, from and after his Acceptance of such Place of Profit, and during the Time of his holding and enjoying the same, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor of the said Navigation, or concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made for the Purposes of this Act, shall be incapable of acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

CV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Application to be made by the said Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or any five or more of them, or by the Owners or Occupiers of any Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be affected by the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, unto the Commissioners appointed by and for the Purposes of this Act, or any five or more of them, requesting or desiring them to appoint a General Meeting of the said Commissioners; the Commissioners so requested or applied to, or any five or more of them, may and shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, within fourteen Days after such Request or Application made, to give Notice in Manner aforesaid of a Gener.il Meeting to be held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice; such Time not being less than fourteen Days, nor more than twenty-one Days, from the Day on which such Request shall be made to them as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this present Act, and the rowers and Authorities hereby given to and verted in them, in Execution, and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners there assembled, or any five or more of them, shall think proper and convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad, and to adjourn to any other Time, then, and in such Case, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall and may, by public Notice to be given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, on that Day Fortnight next after the Day on which the last Meeting was appointed to be held.

4

A.* D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 2SV 513

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any five or more Po*«r to hold of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby impowered, although they shall not be assembled at a Meet- Meet,nB,

ing to be held by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all Times, upon such Request made as i>imaCge,t!lft,n5 aforesaid, by Notice in Writing signed by them, and published in Manner aforesaid, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notices, for the settling and ascertaining such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Nonadjournment of the said Commissioners.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That every Meeting of the Commissioners for hearing or determining Ko Meeting tt any Complaint, Controversy* Dispute, or Difference, between the said Proprietors, their Successors and be hold, but Assigns, and any other Person or Persons, shall be held at some Place within two Miles of some Part of the within two said Canal or collateral Cuts; and that no Order or Determination shall be made unless the Majority of the Miles of the Commissioners present at such Meeting shall concur therein, such Majority not being less than the respect Canal, &c. tive Numbers hereby authorised to make such Orders or Determinations.

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Company of Proprietors, ThcRI kCt their Successors or Assigns, shall be in Possession of any Lands or Grounds by virtue of this Act, for the to Lands, in c«fe Space of ten Years, without making the said intended Navigation through the same, or if the said Naviga- Navigation not Cion shall be made and completed, and afterwards discontinued or disused for the Space of five Years, then, completed, &c. and in either of the said cases, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall convey to be conveyed all their Right, Property, and Interest, jjn or to such Lands or Grounds respectively, unto the several Persons or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, who were the Owners or Proprietors thereof immediately before the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, became seised of the same, in case they or any of them shall think fit to become Purchasers there* ef, and to pay such valuable Consideration for the said Lands or Grounds to the said Company of Pro* prietors, their Successors or Assigns, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case any Difference shall happen in ascertaining thereof by the said Commissioners, in caseofDif-then as a Jury, to be impannelled in the Manner herein before directed, shall ascertain or award to be paid Jury to for the same; but no such Consideration, to be ascertained by such Commissioners, or to be awarded by Coa*

such Jury as aforesaid, shall exceed the Sum or Sums of Money first paid by the said Company of Pro- '

prietors, their Successors or Assigns, for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds; and in case the said 7# Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, upon the Payment or Tender of such Consideration as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to convey the Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, then* and in such Case, such Lands or Grounds shall revert to and be thenceforth vested in the said several and respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns; and in case an annual Rent shall have been paid for the said Lands or Grounds, then such Rent shall cease and determine, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid for the Damages done to the said Lands or Grounds by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, to whom such Lands or Grounds shall be reconveyed or revert as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners orjury respectively shall ascertain or award; such Sum or Sums of Money, in Default of Payment at the Time to be fixea by such Commissioners otjury respectively, to be recovered in such Manner as any other Damages are to be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed, or shall subscribet* wh* subscribe, to advance any Money for and towards making and maintaining the said Canal and collateral negfeft to pay Cuts, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively sub- their Sub, cnP*

feribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Com- tl0n5» Jj*

pany of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or the said Committee, under and by virtue of the Powers compc e c$ and Directiops of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the Monies ny himr her, or them subscribed, or the Parts or Proportions thereof so called for, at the Time and in Manner required for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, to sue for and recover the same in any Court of Law or Equity.

CX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining Spences of tin and passing this Act, and of making the Surveys, Plans* and Estimates, incident thereto, and all other Acth«wtobc Costs, Charges, and Expences, concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, by the said paid.

Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, by and out of the nrft Monies to be called for and

received by virtue of this Act.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for Offences against this pen, itfe-arj Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye-law to be made in pursuance thereof, the levying and recovering Forfeitures hc*f -of which are not herein before particularly directed, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal to be recovered or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Worcester or* lnd aPPacJ* Stafford\ upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer); and all such respective Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be applied and Hifposed of for the Use of the said Navigation, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

CXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Summons, Order, Determination, wtob. Judgment, Warrant, Contraft, Agreement, Bond, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hands and Seals without Sum's, of any Justices of the Peace, or of the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, or any Transfer of any Share or Shares, Appointment of Proxy, Mortgage or Assignment, or other Writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of the Powers given in and by this Act, shall be charged* or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever; and that no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance*

514 C. 29. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Proceeding* not

of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorariy or any other Writ

to be qu^fned for or procefg whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: any Law or Statute to thccontrarynotwithstanding<; J J > 1

Dili refs not to

CXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made

be deemed un- for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

lawful for want unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of of Form. any £)efe& or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding

relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case, persons aggrlev- CXIV. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aged mav appeal grieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Person or Persons may, within Six to ihc S:iHons. Calendar Months, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the said Justices in theif said Quarter Sessions shall, in a summary Way, ekher hear and determine the said Complaint, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, and then hear and determine the same, and, if they fee Cause, may mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, in finch Manner as they shall think proper, and award such Costs t® either of the Parties as they shall judge reasonable.

CXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Information shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thine done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions, herein before given or granted, every such Suit or Information shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the FaCI committed 5 or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damages shall cease, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matters in Dispute shall arise, and not else-^ whpre; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same Was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And be it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, dr Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same* or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a VerditS! shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or hare for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

limitation ef

Actioni,

Coneral Issue.

Double Costr. Public Act*

[Preamble.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for vesting in John Liardet^ Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Composition or Cement of his Invention, throughout Iris Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for limited Time.

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty King George^ the Third, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Third Day of Aprils which was in 4 the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto John Liardet, of Great Suffolk-street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex^ Clerk, his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, his sole Privilege and Authority to make, use, exercise, and vend, a certain Composition or Cement, for all the Branches concerning Buildings to which the same was applicable, within that Part of Great Britain called England, his Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, for the Term of fourteen Years: And whereas,

unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be prolonged, and the Property of the said John Liardet in the said Invention better secured, not only within that Part of Great Britain called England,

the Dominion of Wales^ the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, but also within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it will neither be possible for the said John Liardet, to receive an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Expence, and Time, nor for the Public at large to reap the various Advantages in Point of Utility and Oeconomy, as well as Ornament in Building, which would arise from this Invention were its Use universally diffused, and its Price low- ered, upon which the Demand, and consequently the Profits of the Proprietor, mufl depend: And whereas the Cement from its Nature grows too hard for Use if not used soon after it is made, and there- fore must be made where used, or near it, from which Circumstance the Use thereof has hitherto been confined to the Metropolis and a few Miles about it, as training Workmen and erecting Wo;ks is difficult and expensive: And whereas, if the Term is not enlarged, the same narrow Plan must be conti- uued, a general Plan of erecting Works and training Men ail over the Kingdom, which is necessary if

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 29.

the Use of rtie Cement is to be universal, cannot upon so short a Prospect be undertaken, the Circlfc cannot be enlarged, and the Price mult continue such as may indemnify the Proprietor for his Expence, out of the Profits arising from a very small Consumption only, during his present Term: To the End therefore that the said John Liardet may be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said c Invention, so that the Public may reap all the Advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullest Extent/ may it please your Majesty (at the humble Petition of the said John Liardet) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the sole Privilege and Advantage of making, using, exercising, and vending, the said Composition or Cement mentioned in the said Letters Patent, with the Additions and Improvements since made therein, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be, vested in the said John Liardet, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of Eighteen Years from thenceforth next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended 5 and that he the said John Liardety his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or such others as he, the said John Liardet, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall at any Time agree with, and no others, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Term of Years herein before last mentioned, shall, and lawfully may, make, use, exercise, and vend, the said Composition or Cement herein before mentioned, with all and every the Additions and Improvements thereof, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and in his Majesty's Colo-ionics and Plantations abroad, ill such Manner as to him the said John Liardety his Executors, Adnrni-strators, and Assigns, or any of them, shall in his or their Discretion seem meet; and that the said John Liardety his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every of them, shall, and lawfully may, have and enjoy the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity, and Advantage, from Time to Time coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by Reason of the said Invention, for and during the said Term of eighteen Years herein before mentioned, to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, the said Privileges and Authorities, and every Part thereof, unto the Lid John Liardety his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during and unto the full End and Term of eighteen Years as aforesaid; and that no other Person or Persons, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad, shall at any Time, during the said Term of eighteen Years, either directly or indirectly, make, use, or put in Practice, the said Invention, or any Part of the same, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall m ike, or cause to be made, any Addition thereunto or Subftraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself, herself, or themselves, the Inventor or Inventors, Devisor or Devifors thereof, without the Licence, Consent, or Agreement, of the said John Liardety his Executors, Administrators, or Af-signs, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals first had and obtained in that Behalf, upon such Pains and Penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such Offender or Offender? for hi?, her, or their Contempt of this Act, and further to be answerable to the said John Liardety his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to Law, for his and their Damages thereby occasioned.

II. And wherca? the said John Liardet has hitherto furnished the said Cement at the Rate of Sixpence per Foot Square on the Surfaces of all plain Buildings, and Two-pence per Foot running Mtafure for Arrifes to the End therefore that the Public may beafiured of the Advantage of this Invention at the same Price during the Continuance of this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said John Liardety his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Continuance of this Act, to ask, demand, or take, any greater Price than Sixpence by the Foot Square, and Two-pence per Foot as aforesaid for Arrifes, for covering any plain Work with the aforesaid Cement or Composition.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or hinder any Person or Persons from making or using any Composition or Cement, or any Thing relating thereto, for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose, which is or are norat pTefent of the Invention or Application of the said John Liardety or which has or have been publicly used or exercised by any other Person or Persons before the Dare of the Lid Letters Patent herein before recited; but that all such Composition or Cement, and every Thing relating thereto, which is or are not at present of the Invention of the said John Liardety or is or are not particularly ascertained and described in the Instrument or Specification herein after mentioned, shall be and remain to the Public, and to the respective Inventor or Inventors thereof, in'like Manner as if this Act had never been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it hereby declared and enacted, That every Objection which might have been made to the said CemenPs not being a new Invention, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the twenty-first of Janies^ the First, sufficient to invalidate Letters Patent, may be made in Bar to any Action brought by vrrtue or in consequence of this Act.

V. Provided always, That if the said John Liardet* his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any Person or Persons who shall, at any Time during the said Term of eighteen Years, have or claim any Right, Title, or Interest, in Law or Equity, of, in, or to, the Power, Privilege, or Authority, of the sole making, using, exercising, and vending, the Lid Composition or Cement, shall make any Transfer or Assignment, or pretended Transfer or Assignment, of the Lid Liberty or Privilege hereby vested in the (hid John Liardety his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any Share or Shares of the Benefit or Profits thereof, or shall declare any Trusts thereof to or for any Number of Persons exceeding the Number ofl ive; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for public Subscriptions to be made by any Number of Persons exceeding the Number of Five, in order to the raising of any Sum or Sums of Money under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty ot Privilege hereby vested in the said John Liardety

his

s*r

The sole Privilege of mrkini? and vcr.di ig the Cen.er t v< ffed ia John Linder, his Execute's Sfc. for eighteen Year*.

Penalty oik' other Persons making Cement without Licence* &c.

John Liardet not co cell \ is Cement dewier than certain Prices mentioned.

This Act not to hinder the making any Composition which ia not the Invention of John Liardet, Sec,

If John Liardet, Sec, shall Tr?nsff the Privilege of making Cement to more th*n 5 Personj, &c.

7

516 C. 30. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

or shall do any Thing contrary to the rrc ited Act of 6 Geo. I.

then this Act to become void.

John Liardet, &c. to cause a Specification of the Nature of his Invention to be inrcJled in Chancery, within Months, rr to lofc the Benefit of this Act.

Public Act.

his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns 5 or shall, by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, of any Number of Persons exceeding in the Whole the Number of Five, for-such or the like Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corporate-Body, or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty or Privileges hereby vetted in the said John Liardet t hiS'Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, into any Number of Shares exceeding the Number of Five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, du-ing such Time as such Person or Persons shall have any Right or Title either in Law or Equity, which shall be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges, intended to be granted by his Majesty by two Chapters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandiftt at Sea^ and for lending Aloney upon Bottomry; and for refraining fever a I extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein mentioned); or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, shall at any Time become vetted in, or in Trutt for, more than the Number of five Persons or their Representatives at anyone Time, otherwise than by Devise or Succession, (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the single Persons whom they represent, as to such Interest as they are or shall be intitled to in Right of such their Testator or Inteftace) that then, and in every of the said cases, all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever, hereby vetted in the said John Liardet, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That if the said John Liardet^ his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or some or one of them, shall not particularly describe and ascertain the Nature of his said Invention in its present improved State, and in what Manner the same is to be performed, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and cause the same to be inroiled in the High Court of Chancery, within four Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; that then all the Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, hereby vested in the said John Liardet, his Executors, Administrators, and Attigns, shall cease, determine, and be and become absolutely void, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act more effectually to prevent the stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Statutes now in Force for the Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers are numerous, and many of them ineffectual: And whereas the good Purposes thereby intended might be better effedied, if such of the said Statutes as are found to be defective were repealed, and such good Provisions as are therein contained, together with such further Provisions as may be expedient, were reduced into one Ad be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Penalty on Per- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall course or hunt, or shall fons shall take in any Slip, Noofc, Toyle, or Snare, or shall kill, wound, or destroy, or shall (hoot at, or other-wruRd or flicot w^e altemPt to kill, wound, or destroy, or shall carry away, any Red or Fallow Deer, in any Forest, irZ&c.'any Fai Chafe, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or low Daer, in any other inclosed Ground, where Deer are, have been, or shall be usually kept, without the Consent of the Forest, park. Owner, or without being otherwise duly authorised, or shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting therein or £fC*n'*dth|°Ul thereunto, every Person so offending, by coursing, hunting, (hooting at, or otherwise attempting to kill, tborf>.-d/ wound, or destroy, or by aiding therein or thereunto, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and every Person so offending by killing, wounding, or destroying, or by taking in any Slip, Noose, Toyle, or Snare, or by carrying away, or by aiding therein respectively, shall, for every Deer (o wounded, killed, destroyed, taken, or carried away, forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds; and if the Offender in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be a Keeper of, or Person in any Manner entrusted with the Custody or Care of Deer, in the Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, ancient Walk, or inclosed Park, Paddock, or Wood, or other inclosed Place, where the Offence shall be committed, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay double the Penalty herein before appointed to be paid by other Offenders; and if any Person or Persons, after having been convicted of any of the aforesaid Offences, shall offend a second Time against this Act, by committing any of the aforesaid Offences, such second Offence, whether it be the same as the first Offence, or be any other of the aforesaid Offences, shall be deemed and adjudged to be Felony, and the Person guilty thereof, being lawfully convicted upon Indictment, shall be transported to one of his Majesty's Plantations in America for the Space of seven Years.

Persons convict

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who hath been, or, before the Commencement of this d under forrrer Act, shall be, convicted under any Statute now in Force, for unlawfully hunting, courting, killing, taking, or carrying away, any Deer out of any Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Park, Paddock, So Penalties, &c. Wood, or inclosed Ground, shall be subject and liable to the several Pains and Penalties by such Statute provided, in like Manner as if this Act had not been made; and in case any such Offender shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be guilty and convicted of any of the aforesaid Offences against this AcJt (ihe legal Proof of such first or former Conviction having been first made), every such Person shall he deemed and adjudged to have committed a second Offence against this Act, in like Manner as if this Act

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 517

had been in Force at the Time of such first Conviction, and as if such Conviction had been made under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And, to the Intent that the Prosecution of Persons who shall offend a second Time in Manner aforesaid, may be carried on with as little Expence and Trouble as is possible,' be it further enacted, That the Justice before whom any Person shall, after the Commencement of this Act, be convicted for the first Time of any of the Offences before described, shall transmit such Conviction, under his Hand and Seal, to the Quarter Session which next after such Conviction shall be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, wherein such first Offence shall be committed, there to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and to be kept amongst the Records of the Peace; and such Conviction so filed, or a true Copy thereof certified and subscribed by such Clerk of the Peace, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove the Conviction of such first Offence as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him on Oath by any credible Person, that there is Reason to suspect any Person or Persons of having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in any Dwelling-house, Out-house, Yard, Garden, or Place, any Red or Fallow Deer, which shall have been unlawfully killed, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, or any Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine, for the unlawful taking of Deer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Person and Persons, and such Dwelling-house, Out-house, Garden, or Place, to be searched y and if any Red or Fallow Deer, suspected to have been unlawfully killed, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, or any Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine, suspected to be used for the unlawful taking or killing of Deer, shall be found in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in such Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Garden, or Place, to cause the same and such Person or Persons so having Possession, or in whose Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Garden, or other Place, the same shall be found, to be brought before any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction; and if such Person or Persons shall not produce before such Justice the Party of whom he, she, or they received the same, or satisfy such Justice that he, she, or they came lawfully by such Deer, or the Head, Skin, *>r other Part thereof, or had a lawful Occasion for such Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine, or did not keep the same for any unlawful Purpose, then every such Person shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding thirty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Red or Fallow Deer, suspected to have been unlawfully killed, or the Head, Skin, or other Part of such Deer, shall, on a Search under a Warrant from any Justice of the Peace, be found in the Possession or Custody of any Person or Persons, or in any Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Garden, or other Place, or shall be proved to have been in the Possession, House, Outhouse, Garden, or Place, of any Person or Persons who may be justly suspected to have come difho-neftly or unlawfully by the same as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons so in Possession, or the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling-house, Outhouse, Garden, or other Place, shall not, under the Provisions aforesaid, be liable to Conviction; then, and in every such Case, for the Discovery of the Party or Parties who actually killed or stole such Deer, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction, as the Evidence given and the Circumstances of the Case shall require, to summon before him, at his Discretion, every Person through whose Hands such Deer, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof so found, shall appear to have passed; and if the Person and Persons from whom such Deer, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, shall appear to have been first received, or who having had Posseffior. thereof, shall not give Proof, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he, she, or they came lawfully by the same, such Person or Persons shall, on every Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding thirty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear, on the Oath of a credible Witness, that any Person or Persons hath or have had in his, her, or their Possession, House, Outhouse, Garden, or Place, any Red or Fallow Deer, or the Skin, Head, or Other Part thereof, and shall be reasonably fuf-(pefted to have come dishonestly or unlawfully thereby, then, and in every such Case, every such Person or Persons, and all other Persons through whose Hands the same shall appear to have passed under the like Suspicion, shall and may be proceeded against in like Manner and Form, and on Conviction shall be subject and liable to the same Penalty or Penalties, as if such Deer, or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, had been found in the Possession, House, Outhouse, Garden, or Place, of such Person or Persons, upon-a Search made under and by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall set, lay, or use, any Net, Wire, Slip, Noose, Toyle, or other Engine, for the Purpose of taking or killing Deer, within or upon any Forest, Chace, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, or in the Ring or outer Fence or Bank dividing the same from the adjoining Lands; or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or Ground, where Deer are, have been^ -or shall be usually kept, such Person or Persons, not being the Owner of such Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Park, Paddock, Wood, or Ground, or intruded with the Care of the Deer within the same, and shall be convicted of any of such Offences, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay, for the first; Offence, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds; and if afterwards convicted of any of the Offences last mentioned, shall, on every Conviction after the first, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds; which said respective Forfeitures shall be set at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted of such* first or further Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time wilfully pull down or destroy, or cause to be wilfully pulled down or destroyed, the Pale or Pales, or any Part of the Walls of any Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Park, Paddock, Wood, or other Ground, where any Red or Fallow Deer shall be then kept, without the Consent of the Owner or Person chiefly intruded with the

Custody

How Justices to proceed on Coo-? ill ion of Offender*

Justices may grant Warrant* to search suspected Houses, &c. for Heads and Skint of Deer, &c. Penalty on Persons in whose Custody any such shall be found, &c.

In case the said Persons cannot be conv sted, how Justices ar* to proceed.

Su spefted Persons haring Fair-low Deer, See, in their Possession, how to bf proceeded against.

Penalty on Persons letting Net*, Wire?, &c. for taking Deer, io-any Forest, Chace, &Cv

Penalty on Persons pulling

dn*n Pal*s, or Walls, ire. of any Fo-eft, p.uk, Ac-

Penalty on Persons carrying Fire-arms, into any Forest, Ps»k, 5 c. with Intent to destroy Deer.

How Justices to pro; e-d on Information of Offences,

Penalties how

1c bf recovered and apj lied.

If not p?U on ConviiHcn, may be lev eel ty Distress.

Justices may order Offenders into Custody, if Penalties are n*ot immediately paid.

Proviso.

Regulations for Justices where Security is given.

C. 30.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Custody thereof, or being otherwise duly authorised, every Person so offending shall be subject: unto the Forfeiture and Penalty hereby inflicted for the first Offence of killing of any Deer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, carrying any Gun, or other Fire-arms, or any Sword, Staff, or other offensive Weapon, shall come into any Forest, Chace, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, or into any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood, or into any other Ground where Deer are usually Jcept, be the same inclosed or not inclosed, with an Intent unlawfully to (hoot at, course, or hunt, or to take in any Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine, or to kill, wound, destroy, or take away, any Red or Fallow Deer, it shall be lawful for every Ranger or Keeper, or Person intruded with the Care of such Deer, to seize and take from such Person and Persons, in and upon such Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Paik, Paddock, Wood, or other Ground, to and for the Use of the Owner thereof respectively, all such Gun?, Fire-arms, Slips, Noofes, Toyles, Snares, or other Engines, and all Dogs there brought for coursing Deer, in the same and like Manner as the Game-keepers of Manors are impowered by Law within their respective Manors to seize and take Dogs, Nets, or other Engines, in the Custody of Persons not qualified by the Laws to keep the same; and if any such Person or Persons shall there unlawfully beat or wound any Ranger or Keeper, or his or their Servants or Assistants, in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or shall attempt to refeue an^ Person in the lawful Custody of any such Ranger, Keeper, Servant, or Assistance, every Person so offending shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and on being lawfully convicted on Indictment, shall be transported to one of his Majesty's Plantations in America for the space of seven Years.

X. And be it further enacted, That, upon Complaint or Information upon Oath, of anyone or more credible Witness or Witness'es, before any one Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction, of any Offence committed against this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice (except in such Cases only where the Justice is specially directed previously to summon the Party before him) to cause the Person or Persons, who shall be charged by such Complaint or Information, to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and to be brought before him at such Time and Place as shall be specified in and by such Warrant, and thereupon such Justice shall and may proceed to hear the Matter of such Complaint or'Information, and to adjudge and determine the same; and in such Case where it is provided by this Act that the Party complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the Paity so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof made of the Service of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his Dwelling-house, Lodgings, or other usual Place of Abode, it shall be lawful for the Justice, before whom the Party was so summoned to appear, to apprehend such Party by Warrant, and to proceed as if no previous Summons had been directed by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the pecuniary Penalties of this Act shall be recoverable before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or other Division in which the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es, or on Confession of the Offender; and one Moiety of each Penalty shall belong to the King's Majesty, his Jdcirs and Successors, and be paid, for his and their Use, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, and the other Moiety thereof shall belong and be paid to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of Non-payment thereof, with the Charges incident *0 the Conviction, immediately upon the Conviction, the said Penalty or Penalties, amTthe Charges incident, shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender or Offenders, except in such Cases only where it is otherwise provided by this Act, shall be sent by the said Justice or Justices to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed for the Space of one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty, and Charges incident, shall be sooner paid.

XII. And to the End that Persons convicted of any of the Offences for which pecuniary Penalties are inflicted by this Act, may not, by Flight or Removal after Conviction, evade Imprisonment where such Penalties shall not be paid on Conviction, and sufficient Distress cannot be found for raising such Penalties,' be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the reace* before whom any Offender shall be convicted of having incurred any pecuniary Penalty of this Act, immediately after such Conviction, to order him or her into Custody, in case he or she shall not immediately pay the Penalty due on such Conviction, during such Time, not exceeding three Days, as such Justice or Justices shall think proper to allow for Return of the Warrant for raising the Penalty by Distress and Sale as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, either by the Confession of the Party convicted or otherwise, that such Party hath not Goods or Chattels sufficient whereon to levy the Penalty or Penalties so due, then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall and may, without issuing any Warrant of Distress, proceed to commit the Party so convicted, as if a Warrant of Distress had been issued, and a Nulla bona returned thereon.

XIV. Provided also, That if any Person, committed for any first Offence against this Act, shall, before his Commitment to Prison, procure Security to be given by two sufficient Sureties, to (he Satisf.idlion of the Justice or Justices before whom he shall be so convicted, for Payment of the Penalty or Penalties in-rurred, with the Charges incident, within six Days, inclusive of the Day of Conviction, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to accept such Security, and upon Non-payment thereof at the Time to be stipulated for that Purpose, to cause the Party convicted, and his said Sureties, to be apprehended by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, and them to commit to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence was committed, for such Space of Time as the Party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned in case no such Security had been given* unless the Penalty or Charges shall be sooner paid,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. ' 519

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Keeper or Under-keeper of Keeper of iny liny Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Paddock, Park, or other Ground inclosed, where Deer are, Por€f*» Park* have been, or shall be usually kept, and their Servants or Assistants, to seize and apprehend, upon the hcnd^pirfo's Spot, any Person or Persons whom they shall discover in the actual Fast of hunting, coursing, killing, hunting, &c.of wounding, (hooting at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any Red or Fallow Deer from any such Deer, or laying Forest, Chace, Purlieu, or ancient Walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, any Net, Wood, or in any other inclosed Ground, or attempting so to do, or in setting or laying any Net, Wire, lhcrc,n*

Slip, Noose, Toyle, Snare, or other Engine therein, for the taking, killing, or destroying of Deer therein,

and to carry such Offender or Offenders before some neighbouring justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction,1 to be dealt with according to Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Offender for his first Offence against this Act shall, In whitCafet

for want of a sufficient Distref6, be committed to Gaol, and shall, whilst in Gaol, obtain the Consent in Offender* com-Writing of the Prosecutor, and also of the Owner, Ranger, Forester, Keeper, or other Person chiefly in- br'

traded with the Care of the Deer in the Forest, Chace, Purlieu, ancient Walk, Park, Paddock, or E Place, wherein the Offence was committed, for his Enlargement; that then, and in every such Case, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction, at their Quarter or General Sessions, to cause such Offender to be brought before them, and thereupon by their Order to direct the Keeper of such Gaol to set such Offender at Liberty $ and the said Keeper is hereby directed to obey such Order accordingly, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And, for the better Discovery of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That any Any Offender Person who shall offend against this Act, and shall make Discovery of any other Person or Persons who nuking Disco-bath or have offended against the same, so as he, she, or they, be duly convicted of such Offence accord- TO*

ing to this Act; then, and in such Case, Rich Discoverer shall be discharged of all the Forfeitures and t-*s#c 0 ena Penalties of this Act, by him, her, or them incurred previous to such Discovery.

XVIII. And, in order to prevent the qua/hing of Convictions of Offenders against this Act for want How justicett*

of Form/ be it further enacted, That the Conviction and Convictions of all and every Offenders against proceed for this Act shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the same shall be made, to ConTiaionof the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and oftendeu* that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment or Paper in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to lay, (to wit,)

I5E it remembered. That on the % Day Qf in the Year A.B. was, Form of Con*

upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for vision.

in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for (as the Case shall be.)

4 Given under Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written/

Which said Conviction shall be ^ood and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Conviction made, 0a wj, it or other Proceedings, of, for, or concerning any Matter or Thing in this Act, unless the Party or Parties ditiom Certio-convicted shall, before the Allowance of such Certiorari, become bound to the Person or Persons prose- rarltokeal-cuting in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with sufficient Sureties as the Justice or Justices of the reace lowed, before whom the Offender was convicted, with Condition to pay unto the said Prosecutors, within thirty Days after such Conviction confirmed, on a Procedendo granted, their Full Costs and Damages, to be a(-certained upon their Oaths; and shall become also bound to the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction was made, with such sufficient Sureties as such Justice or Justices shall approve of, in the Penalty of Sixty Pounds for each Offence, with Condition to prosecute such Writ of Certiorari with Effect, and to pay such Justice or Justices the Forfeitures due by such Conviction, to be distributed as by this Act is directed, or to render the Person or Persons convicted to such Justice or Justices, within thirty Days next after such Conviction shall be confirmed, or a Procedendo granted; and that in Default thereof, it shall be lawful to proceed to the levying of the Penalty mentions in such Conviction, in such Manner as if no such Certiorari had been awarded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, after the Confirmation of any Conviction or Convictions upon

this Act, by any of the superior Courts at Westminster, and delivering the Rule to the said Justice or Juf- Pf0*?* a*cr -rices, whereby such Conviction or Convictions hath or have been so confirmed, it shall and may be lawful cwviOi^ for such Justice or Justices to proceed against the Party or Parties convicted, in the same Manner as if a Procedendo had been granted.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Perfom iggilcv-

think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of edl?iy/ppcal the Peace, upon Conviction of or for any of the Offences in this Act, and shall not have fought his Re- session*. medy by removing the Matter by Certiorari as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal from the

Judgment of the said Justice or Justices, to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said County, Division, or Place, where such Person or Persons was or were.convicted, next after the Expiration of twenty Days from the Time of such Conviction; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall, and he, /he, and they, are hereby required and directed to give at lead six Days Notice in Writing to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of such Person or Persons as shall so appeal, of such his, her, or their Intention of bringing and prosecuting such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, and shall enter into Recognizance before feme Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or Place, wherein the Conviction or Judgment was made or given, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by the said Justice or VouXII. 3X Justices,

520

*r)iofe Determination shall be final.

Persons hiving paid the Penalty, or being imprisoned, may appeal, &c.

Proceedi np.s not to be quashed lor v-ant of Form, *c.

Defendants may plrad the General LTuc.

[Treble Costs.]

Prosecutiors under this Act to be com rrcneed within 12 Months, &c.

Lirr itation of Atlions.

Commencement of this

Parts of various Statutes repealed:

13 Ric II.

39 Hen. VII.

5 fcliz.

'3 Jac. I.

7 J«. I.

Car. If.

3 & 4 Gul. Sc Mar.

5 Geo. I.

so Geo. II.

C. 30. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III., A.D. 1776.

Justices, on Conviction to appear and try such Appeal at the General or Quarter Session which shall be* held in and for the County, Division, or Place, wherein such Conviction or judgment was made or given* next and immediately after the Expiration of ten Days from the Time of such Conviction, and to abide by the Order or Determination of such Court, and for Payment of such Cost and Charges as shall be awarded at the said Court; and every such Appeal and Appeals shall, by the Court at the said General or Quarter Sessions, to which such Appeal or Appeals is or are made, be then examined, and the Fads and Circumstances of the Case fully inquired into, and the Matter then finally heard and determined; and in case such Judgment, Determination, or Conviction, as aforesaid, shall be then and there affirmed, the Party appealing shall pay unto the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, his, her, or their full Costs, to be ascertained by Order of the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions.

XXII. Provided also, That in case any Person or Persons, thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as aforesaid, shall have paid the Penalty inflicted by this Act for the Offence of which he, she, or they shall have been convicted, or shall be then imprisoned; every such Person or Persons having so paid, or being so imprisoned, may appeal to such Judgment, Order, Determination, qr Conviction as aforesaid, on entering into Recognizance by himself, herlelf, or themselves only, and without any Surety or Sureties* conditioned as before mentioned, the said Penalty remaining in the Hands of such Justice or Justices, or such Person or Persons continuing in Prison in the mean time, and until the Merits of the said Appeal shall be heard and finally determined.

XXIII. Provided also, That no such Conviction made, or Judgment given as aforesaid, shall be set aside by the said Court or General or Quarter Sessions, for want of Form, or for want of dating, or through the miftating of any Fafts, Circumstances, or Matter whatsoever, in case the Fads alleged in the said Conviction, or on which the same shall be grounded, shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said. Court; but such Appeal and Appeals shall be decided on the Merits of the Case only; nor shall such Conviction or Judgment be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted fot any Matter or Thing which he or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance; or if upon a Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall have and recover his Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant bath in any other Case by Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecution for any Offence against this Act, shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months, but not after, from the Time of the Offence committed; and that such Persons as shall be prosecuted under this Act for any of the Offences aforesaid, shall not bo liable to Prosecution for the same Offences under any other Act of Parliament, or in atly Court of Attachment. Swainmote, Eyre, or any Forest Court.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Writs, and Prosecutions* to be commence*! against any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done under or in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not otherwise.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and begin to be in Force on the tenth Day of jfawr, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six: And from and immediately after the Commencement thereof, so much of the thirteenth Chapter of the first Part of the Statutes made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Richard the Second, as inflicts a Penalty on those who shall use Heys, Nets, or other Engines, for destroying Deer; (b much of the eleventh Chapter of the Statutes made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, as relates to Deer; and also so much of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for punishing of unlawful taking Fish, Deer, or Hawks, as relates to Deer; and also so much of an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of King fames the First, intituled, An Act against unlawful hunting^ and flea ling of Deer and Conies, as relates to Deer; and also so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the said King fames the First, intituled, An Act for the Explanation of one Statute made in thi second Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act against unlawful hunting, and dealing of Deer and Conies,' as relates to Deer, except such Part thereof as repeals any Part of the Statutes of the third of fames before-mentioned; and also an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the unlawful courjing, huntings or killing of Deer; as also an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers; and also an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act of the third and fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers;' and also so much of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to toe Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects> and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to 'Justice \ and for the continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop~bindsy contained in an Act passed in the sixth Tar of his present Majesty1 s Reign; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons removing any Materials used for securing Marsh or Sea Walls or Banks, and of Persons maliciously felting on Fire any Mine, Pity :r Dcfph of Coal, or Cannel Coaly and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in For efts or Chaces, or beating or wounding Keepers or other Officers in ForeJlsy Chaces> or Parks 5 and for the more

effectually

521

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 31.

effectually securing the Breed of Wild Fowl; as relates to the second Conviction of any Person or Persons lor unlawfully coursing, hunting, taking in Tories, killing, wounding, or taking away, any Red or Fallow Deer, in any open or uninclosed Forest or Chace, or relates to beating or wounding Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Ch;ices, or Parks; shall be, and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Covent-garden, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, a Contribution was begun at the Theatre Royal, Covent-garden, towards the charitable Purpose of efhblishing a Fund,

for the Support of such Performers belonging to the said Theatre as, through Age, Infirmity, or Accident, should be obliged to retire from the Stage; and to the occasional Relief of Performers in case of Sickness; and also to the Relief and Support of the Widows and Children of deceased Performers be- longing to the said Theatre: And whereas, by the Profits arising from the voluntary Contributions of the Performers belonging to the said Theatre, and others, and also by the Profits which have arisen from some Plays acted for the Increase of the said Fund, a Capital, to the Amount of four thousand three hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, is now in the Hands of certain Trustees applicable to the Purposes aforesaid: To the End therefore that the said Fund, and the growing Produce thereof, may be effec- tually secured and duly applied,' may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Subscribers to the said Fund for the Time being, during such Time as he, she, or they respectively, shall pay to the same, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, one Body Corporate and Politic, in Deed and in Name, and shall be called by the Name of The Society established for the Relief <tf indigent Persons belonging to the Theatre Royal, Covent-garden: And by the same Name shall have perpetual oucceflion, and a Common Seal; and that they and their Successors, by the same Name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in all or any Courts or Court of Record, and Places of Judicature, within this Kingdom of Great Britain; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain, for the Purposes aforesaid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, to and for the Ends and Purposes herein before mentioned; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not exceeding the yearly Sum of five hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Thomas Hull, George Matlocks, Thomas Baker, John Dunjlall, Frederic Charles Reinhold, Robert Benjley, Matthew Clarke, Richard Rotton, and William Thomas Lewis, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, a Committee for managing the said Fund, until the thirty-first Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and that the said Committee and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, or the Majority of such Committee for the Time being, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to dispose of the said Common Seal, and to alter or make new the same, and to direct the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute, such and so many Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, as to them, or the major Part of them, shall seem necessary and convenient for the Appropriation of the said Fund, or touching, or in any wise concerning the Affairs and Business of the said Society, and the same Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change, and alter the same, or any of them; which said Bye-laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Regulations, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed by the said Society, and every Member thereof, provided the same be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs, or Laws of this Kingdom, or the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, or the major Part of them, at a Meeting assembled by virtue of this Act, may, and are hereby impowered to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and from Time to Time remove any such Treasurer or other Officer or Officers, and appoint another or others in his or their Stead, if they the said Committee shall think fit; and shall, and are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officers, as shall be adequate to the Trust reposed in him or them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall meet together at some convenient Place, in or near the said Theatre, on the aforesaid thirty-first Day of December, or within ten Days after, for electing a Committee for the Year ensuing; and that, previous to such Election, the Names of all the Committee for the Time being shall be written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, as near as may be, and be put into a Box, or iome other convenient Receptacle, and shall be shaken together; after which some Person, not interested in such Election, shall draw out the Names, one by one, until the Number remaining in the said Box or Receptacle fh ill be

3X2 reduced

This Act not to extend to Scotland.

[Preamble.]

Subscribers ia<5 corpirated.

Their Name, and Powerl.

A Committee appointed;

who tray alter the Common Seal, &c.

make Bye-lawt,

and appoint Officers.

Officers to gi?e Security.

First filrftion of the Committee.

522

Elfltions to be annual.

A Majority of Committee-men to belong to the Theatre.

'Public Act.

[Preamble.]

Ad 6 Geo. II). recited.

Aftfio Geo. HJ.

and 1$ Geo. JUt recited.

Company of Proprietors impowered to make a Branch from the South S de Harecsfll; to or Mat Caldoo, &c.

Ci 32. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.' A.D. 1776.

reduced to six, and the six Persons whose Names shall so remain shall be six of the Committee for the ensuing Year; after which the said major Part of the Committee present shall proceed to elect three other Persons from amongst the several Subscribers to the said Fund (either such as were, or were not of the Committee for the preceding Year); and the three Persons so elected, together with the six Persons whose Names remained undrawn, as aforesaid, shall be the Committee for putting this Act in Execution for the Year next ensuing: And the Committee shall also meet together on or before the thirty-first Day of December in every succeeding Year and el eft a Committee, in Manner before mentioned: And in case any one or more of the said Committee hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, the surviving or remaining Committee-men shall and may meet together at some convenient Place, in or near the said Theatre, and the major Part of such as shall so attend shall and may cleft a Committee-man in the Room and Stead of each Committee-man so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Committee-man so to be elected, in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall have the same Powers and Authorities for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, as the Committee herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at every annual Election of a Committee for the Purposes of this Act, a Majority of the Committee-men for the ensuing Year shall coniift of Persons belonging to or employed at the said Theatre.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Afir-fey, to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle^ in the County of Stafford, to FrogbalU and a Rail-way from thence to or near Caldony in the said County; and to make other Railways.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-ferry, in

the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-cap; certain Persons therein named were

united into one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Naviga- tion from the Trent to the Mersey 5 with Power and Authority, at their own Costs and Changes, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain, a navigable Cut or Canal, pa(T-4 able for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Trent* below an ancient Ferry called IVUdenferry 1 in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-gap; and several Commissioners were appointed by the said Act to execute the several Powers therein expressed: And whereas the said Company have, in pursuance of the said Act, and of another Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign 1 of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Rehn of his present Majesty* 44 for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near IVildenferry, 44 in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn-gap 5" and of another Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts, tafed in the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden-ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at

or near Runcorn-gap; proceeded to make the said Cut or Canal, and have completed eighty-two Miles

thereof, and within that Compass have made the great Tunnel through Harecastle-hill, of the Length of two thousand eight hundred Yards, and also the Tunnel through Pr$on-hill9 of the Length of one thousand two hundred and forty-one Yards; and also all the Locks necessary for the said Canal; and are proceeding to complete the Remainder of the said Canal with all possible Expedition: And whereas, from a Survey lately made, it appears, that a Branch may be made from the said Canal, on the South Side 'Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, by Hanley, Norton, and Chedleton, to Froghall, from whence 4 a Rail-way may be made to or near several Lime-works and Limestone-quarries, at or near Caldon in the said County, whereby the Conveyance of Coals, Lime, Limestone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, will be facilitated, and rendered less expensive, and the Utility of the Undertaking, authorised by the said former Acts, will be greatly increased to the Public: And whereas, if Powers were given to make Railways from the said proposed Branch to the several Coal-mines and Limestone- quarries lying near the Course of the said Branch, it would be of Advantage to the Public: And whereas the said Company are willing and desirous to extend, continue, make, and complete, such new-proposed Branch and Railways at their own Expence, in Manner herein after mentioned, and to do and perform such Things as shall be necessary for the supporting, maintaining, and rendering the same effectual :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same/That the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall be, and they are hereby fully authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, at their own proper Costs and Charges, as hereafter mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain, a navigable Cut or Canal, naflable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said Canal so made and completed on the South Side Harecastle in the County of Stafford, by Hanley, Norton, and Chedleton, to Froghall> and from thence to make, complete, and maintain, a Railway for the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, and other Goods, to or near several Lime-works, and Limestone-

quarries,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32.

quarries at or near Caldo*, in the County of Stafford \ and also to make, complete, and maintain, other Kail-ways from the said proposed Canal and Rail-way to the several Coal-mines, and Limestone-quarries, lying near the Course of the said Canal and Rail-way first-mentioned, or the Termination thereof, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, so that no such other or collateral Rail-way do exceed the Length of one thousand Yards; and to supply the said proposed Cut or Canal, whilst the same shall be making, and when made, with Water, from iuth Springs as shall be found in making the said Cut or Carnal, and from such Brook# and Streams as are or shall be found within the Distance of one thousand Yards from any Part of the said intended Cut or Canal, for the more conveniently supplying the said Cut or Canal with Water; and for that Purpose, in, upon, and through, the Lands and Grounds of or belonging to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, (not being at this Time Ground whereon a Dwelling-house or Out-house stands, or a Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, Lawn inclosed or adjoining to a Mansion-house) to eater, and to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, remove, and lay Earth, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters and Things, (except as herein after is excepted) which may be dug or got in the making thereof, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct, the making, using, completing, extending, ^nd maintaining the said proposed navigable Cut or Canal, and Railways, and for making, using, completing, extending, and maintaining, such Treoches, Passages, Gutters, and Watercourses, as shall be necessary and proper to convey Water to and from the said Cut or Canal, according to the Tenor and Purport of this Act; and also to make, build, erect, and set up, in or upon tht said intended Cut or Canal, and Railways, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the same respectively, such and so many Bridges, Tunnels, Aquedu&s, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Stanks, Reservoirs, Drains, Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places, Weigh-beams. Cranes, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where they the said Company, their Successors and A.ffigns, shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of the said Canal and Railways; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend the same, and to make, widen, enlarge, or alter, any Bridges, Ways, Roads, Passages, Cuts, Locks, Tunnels, Aqueducts, Sluices, Trenches, or other Conveniencies, as well for the carrying and conveying Goods, Commodities, and other Things, to or from the said Cut, Canal, or RaH-ways, as for the carrying and conveying of all Maimer of Materials, necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, or amending the said Works of and belonging to the said proposed Canal and Railways; and also to place, lay, work, and manufacture the said Materials on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done $ and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter, any Fences or Passages, over, under, or through the said proposed Canal and Railways, or the Tunnels, Aqucdu&s, Soughs, Trenches, Passages, Gutters, and Sluices respectively, which shall communicate therewith; and also to make, set up, and appoint, such Towing-paths, Banks, Roads, and Ways, convenient for towing, hating, or drawing of Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, passing in, through, or upon the said Cut or Canal, as they the said Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall think convenient; and also to dig, take, and carry away, Soil, Clay, Gravel, or Stone, proper, requisite, and convenient, for carrying on and continuing the said Works and Undertakings, in or from any Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying contiguous thereto, (not being, at the Time of patting this Act, a House, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or Lawn indofed or adjoining to a Mansion-house) and to construct, erect, and keep in Repair, any Piers, Arches, and other Works, in, upon, and across any Rivers or Brooks, for the making, using, maintaining, and repairing the said proposed Canal and Railways, and Towing-paths on the Sides thereof; and also to construct, ereA, make, and do, all other Matters and Things which they shall think necessary and convenient for the making, effeAing, extending, preserving, imprtwing, completing, and using, the said proposed Canal and Railways, in pursuance and within the true Meaning of this Act; they the said Company doing as little Damage as may be in the Premises and making Satisfaction in Manner herein after mentioned to the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Waters, Watercourses, Brooks, or Rivers respectively, as shall be taken and used, diverted or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whatsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

II. And whereas divers Levels and Surveys have been taken, to ascertain the Pradicability of making the said intended Cut or Canal, and Rail-way, (and a Map or Plan, and a Book of Reference thereto,

have been made in consequence of such Levels and Surveys) through, across, under, or over, the several Estates, Lands, or Grounds, now or late belonging, or reputed to belong, to the several and respective Persons, and such Roads, Rivers, and Brooks, as are particularly mentioned in the said Book of Refer- ence; be it therefore further enacted and declared, That there shall be two Parts made of the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the Honourable the House of Commons, and severally deposited with, and kept by, the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, and the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, to which all Persons shall have Liberty to resort, and make Extracts and Copies thereof, as Occasion shall require \ and the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference, so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, good Evidence in all Courts of Law, or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, upon six Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall from Time to Time produce the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, in his Custody, before the Commissioners herein after appointed, and their Successors, or any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue

52a

and to supply the same with Water.

Proprietors may enter on Lands, and lay Earth, Stone, &c.

Proprietors may make Railways, build, Bridges, &c. on Lands adjoining;

and also make Towing-paths, Banks, &c. for haling Vessels y

making Satisfaction to the Owners.

Two. Parts to be made of the Map and Book of Reference, which shall be certified by the Speaker of the House of Commons,

and then allowed to be given in Evidence.

52+

Canal to be made pursuance to the f lau, See,

Land-owner* being omitted in the Book of Re-ference, not to obstradt the making the Ca-aulij See,

Commissioners

appointed.

*ho are to settle

and determine Differences,

Tonnage allowed to be taken.

C. 32. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.' A.D. 1776.

of the said former Acts, or this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the same may be then and there given in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted That the said Company, in making the said intended Cut or Canal, and Rail-way, shall not deviate more than sixty Yards from the Course of Direction in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference; nor cut, carry, and convey the same into, through, across, under, or over, any other Part or Parts of the several Estates, Lands, and Grounds, now or late belonging, or reputed to belong, to such Person or Persons, and such Roads, Rivers, and Brooks respectively, than are mentioned in the said Book of Reference, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom such Estates, Lands, or Grounds, do or shall respectively belong, or without an Order of the Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company, specifying the Deviation desired to be made, shall be given to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds); and if at the Time mentioned in such Notice, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think it reasonable that such Deviation therein mentioned ought to be made, it shall and may be lawful for them to make such Order in the Premises as to them shall seem proper, and the said Company shall and may makfethe said Cut or Canal, and Rail-way, in the Manner mentioned in such Order.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Company shall and may make the said intended Cut or Cana), and Rail-way, through, across, or over, the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, into whose Estates, Lands, or Grounds, such Deviations as aforesaid shall extend, (although their Name or Names are not mentioned in the said Book of Reference) or into the Estates, Lands, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, whose Name or Names shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and be by them certified under their Hands, to be by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference, or that, instead thereof, the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons, to whom such last mentioned Estates, Lands, and Grounds, do not belong, have or hath by Mistake been inserted therein, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And, for the better and more effectual Execution of the Powers and Purposes of this A<S,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Persons named and appointed Commissioners in the said recited Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, qualified respectively as therein mentioned, and the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Trentham, the Right Honourable Lord Langdale* William Adams* Joseph Adams* Charles Boyer Adderley* Thomas Ashwood, Samuel Boyer, Ralph Baddeley* Hugh Booths James Bent, John Beckett* Luke Bennett* John Beech* Bullock* M. D- George Buxton junior, Henry heard*.

Josiah Clowes* William Clowes junior, Charles Chalterley, Ephraim Chatterley* John Child* the Reverend John Dcwcs, John Davenport* John Daintry, Michael Dainiry* Peter Davies* James Falconer Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Fletcher junior. Thomas Fenton, John Fenton Clerk, Samuel Freeth* Nigel Bowyer Grefley, Edward Green* Hugh Henshall* John Hales* John Hand* John Holliday* John EdenforHeathcote* William Kinnerjlcy, Joseph Key* William Lowndes, Thomas Leigh* John Middleton Clerk. Thomas Middleton Clerk, Ralph Adore ton junior* Thomas Mills junior, Francis mare, Richard Moland* Thomas My t ton* Henry Myt~ ton* John Sparrow* James Smallwood* Walter Sneyd, Thomas Swinnerton* James Swettenham* George Smith, Thomas Twemlow* George Twemlow* John Turner* Thomas Tomkinson* Josiah Wedgwood* Robert Williamson, and Sampson Whieldon, shall be, and they and their Successors are hereby appointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting all Questions, Matters, and Differences, which shall or may arise between the said Company, and the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, any Lands or Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Waters, that shall or may be affected or prejudiced Dy the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted; and th^t such and the like Powers and Authorities as were respectively granted determined by the said recited Acts made in the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the Commissioners thereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Number of such Commissioners, shall be, and are hereby granted to and vested in the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, with respect to all Matters which shall or may arise in, or in relation to, all or any of the Purposes of this Act \ and the Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in the said former Act respectively, relative to the settling, determining, and adjusting, all Questions, Matters, and Differences, touching the Execution of all or any of the Purposes thereof, shall, with respect to the settling, determining, and adjusting such and the like Questions, Matters, Differences, and Damages, operate, and be put in Execution, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were herein specially repeated and re-enacted, with respect to the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences which the said Company must necessarily bear and sustain, in the making and maintaining the said proposed Canal, Railways, and all the other Works hereby authorised to be erected and made, it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to a(k, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own proper Use and Benefit, for Tonnage and Wharfage, for all Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities whatsoever, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon or through the said proposed Canal, Railways, or Pals. ges, such Rates and Duties as the said Company shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon or through the said Canal, Railways, or Passages, and so in Proportion for any Quantity more or lets than one Ton, and for any Distance more or less than One Mile j and also the further Sum of one Half-penny per Mile for every Ton of Coals, Cannel, and

Slack,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32.

Slack, brought from any of the Coal-mines within the Parishes of King fey and Cheadle, lying on the South Side of the River Churnett, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon any Part of the said Canal and Rail-way, or either of them, between the Turnpike-road in Chcdleton, and the Termination of the said Rail-way near Caldon aforesaid, and so in proportion for any Quantity more or less than one Ton, or for any Distance more or less than one Mile; which said Rates and Duties shall be paid at such Place or Places, near to the said Canal, Railways* or Passages, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Company shall director appoint: And in case of Neglect, or Denial of Payment on Demand of any such Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the said Company may sue for the same by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, in any Court of Record; in which Actions no Eflfoin, Privilege, Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, nor in any Action of Debt for the same shall any Wager of Law be admitted; or such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid may, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to seize and distrain any such Boat or Vefld, or Goods, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty ought to be paid, or any Part of such Goods, and detain the same until Payment thereof, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Distress; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within live Days after the taking thereof, the same to be appraised and sold as the Law directs in case of Distress for Rent.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, or the Committee for the Time being to be by them appointed, or any /even or more of such Committee, at any of their Meetings assembled, to borrow and take up, at legal or less Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Navigation and Undertaking authorised by this present Act, as to them shall ieem meet and convenient; and they are hereby fully authorised and impowered to assign over the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premises, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, arising by virtue ofthi9 present Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Tolls, Rates, and Duties), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance the same, under the Common Seal of the said Company, by the following Words of Assignment, or by any other Words to the same Effect; (videlicet)

4 RY v'rtuc an made in the f&xteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, c -D to enable the Company of Proprietory of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make a navigable Canalfrom the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, and 4 a Rail-way from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County; and to make other Railways; we, the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation, incorporated by an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in consideration of the Sum of of lawful British

4 Money to us in Hand paid by do assign unto the said ‘

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, arising to the said Company, by virtue of the said Act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, and also the said Navigation, Undertaking! and Premises, thereby authorised, and all the Estate, Right, Title- and Interest of the said Company of, in, and unto the same, to hold unto the said # -

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of together with

4 Interest for the same, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid.'

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Assignment or Assignments shall be made, shall be equally intitled to their Proportion of the said Tolls, Rates, Duties, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof, with the Interest as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so borrowed shall be applied, in the first place, for discharging the Expences incurred in, and in relation to, the obtaining of this Act; and afterwards for making, continuing, completing, and maintaining the said navigable Cut or Canal, and other Works authorised by this Act, and in carrying this Act, and the several Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, herein contained, into effectual Execution; which Assignment or Assignments may be transferred in such Manner as is directed with respect to Assignments made in pursuance of the said recited Act, made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty; and the Assignee or Assignees shall, in like Manner, be intitled to the Money due on such Afi-signment or Assignments respectively, and the whole Benefit thereof, in as full and ample Manner as the Assignee or Assignees of any Assignment or Assignments made under or by virtue of the said Act made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty (Entries of such Assignments and Transfers respectively, where the Consideration amounts to upwards of one hundred Pounds, being made in such Manner as is directed by the said aft-mentioned Act); and that the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed by Mortgage as aforesaid shall be paid half-yearly to the several Parties intitled thereto, in preference to and before the Payment of any Dividends to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, for the same Half-year; and that all such Transfers, Securities, and Assignments, shall be free from all Stamp-duties.

4 Villt And whereas the said proposed Cut or.Canal, and Rail-way, will be of great Advantage to the several Proprietors of Collieries or Coal-mines situatq in the Parishes of Kingjley and Cheadle, on the South Side of the River Churnetty near Froghall aforesaid; and in consideration thereof, and as an In- ducement to the said Company to make and complete the said Canal and Rail-way by Froghall aforesaid, Edward Leigh, Thomas Aiytton, and John Beech, Esquires, who are Proprietors of considerable Col- heries or Coal-mines within one or both of the said Parishes, have agreed to advance and pay to the said Company, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December next, the Sum of five thousand Pounds, to be laid out and expended towards making and completing the Canal, Rail-way, and other Works hereby authorised to be made, on such Security as herein after mentioned be it therefore enacted by the Authority

525

If Duties not paid on Demand, Company may sue for the same, or didrain the Bjat, &c.

Company impowered to borrow 25,0301*

and to assign over the Navigation as a Security.

Form of Alignment.

No Preference

to Creditors on account of Priority of Assign-merits.

Application of Money borrowed.

Assignmentf nuy be iranf-lericd.

Interest of Money borrowed to be paid halt-ywrl).

1

526

One Half of the Duties veiled in Proprietors of Coal mines, as a Security for 5000l.

to be paid quarterly.

As soon as the said 50C0l. wkh Interest, shall be paid, the Half Part of the Du* ties to be re-vested in the Company, Uc.

'Preamble; reciting a Contrail, wherein certain Proprietors of Lixne-stone-qusrriet agree to deliver to the Company, yeatly, Limestone at the Bate of Seven-pence per Too*

C. 32. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

thority aforesaid, That, as a Security for the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, and Interest, one undivided Moiety or Half Part (the Whole into two equal Parts or Shares to be divided) of and in all and Angular the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, arising by virtue of this "Ad ftom Coals, Cannel, or Slack, the Produce of the said Parishes of Kingjley and Cheaale, lying South of the said River Chumett, which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed, upon the said Canal and Rail-way, or either of them, between the Turnpike-road in Che die ton aforesaid, and the Termination of the said Rail-way, near Caldon aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Edward Leigh, Thomas Mytton, and John Beech, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (redeemable nevertheless by the said Company as herein after mentioned), and shall be received by the said Company with the other Tolls, Races, and Duties, and paid by them to the said Edward Leigh, Thomas Mytton, and John Beech, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by four quarterly Payments in the Year; which Payments shall be made and continue until the said Sum of five thousand rounds, together with Interest for the same, from the Time the Principal shall be advanced, after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Edward Leigh, Thomas Mytton, and John Beech, or either of them, or their or either of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge and Indemnification to the said Company for so much Money paid by them as aforesaid, as shall be mentioned and contained in such Receipt or Receipts respectively 5 and moreover, that the find Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall, out of the Money to arise under the Authority of this Act, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Edward Leigh, Thomas Mytton, and John Beech, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Interest for the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, from the Time the same shall be advanced, until the said Navigation and Rail-way, between Chedleton and the Terminir* tion near Caldon aforesaid, shall be made and completed, after the Rare of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, in case the same shall not happen to be made and completed within two Years from the passing of this Act.

IX. Provided always, That if the said Company* their Successors or Assigns, shall and do, at any Time hereafter, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Edward Leigh, Thomas Mytton, and John Beech, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the same after the Rate aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall then remain due, then, and in such Case, the said Moiety or Half Part of the said Toils and Duties last mentioned shall from thence become wholly re-vested in the said Company, and the said quarterly Payments herein before directed to be made out of the same to the said Edward Leigh, Thomas Mytton, and John Beech, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and all other the Estate and Interest of the said Edward Leigh, Thomas Mytton, and John Beech, of and in the said Tolh and Duties, shall cease, determine, and become void, any Thing herem before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas there are very great Quantities of excellent Limestone in the Parishes of Caldon and Atveton, in the said County of Stafford, lying near the Termination of the said intended RaH-way,

within the Estates of many different Persons, which Stone may be conveyed, by means of the said intended Rail-way and navigable Canal, and of the said Navigation between the Trent and the Mersey,

4 to a very great Extent; and the Price of Lime, under the Provisions and Regulations of this Act, will be much reduced, which will greatly contribute to the Improvement of Land, and be highly beneficial to the Public: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in order to ascertam the Price of such c Limestone, and to make those Advantages general and permanent, have made a Contraft in Writing with Thomas Gilbert, John Gilbert, Richard Hill, George Smith, Sampfin Whieldon, Henry Copestake, Ro~

bert Bill, and William Woollijcroft, being Proprietors of the different Quarries of Limestone lying neat*

the Termination of the said intended Rail-way, according to their respective Estates and interests in the said Limestone, by which the said Limestone Proprietors have meed, yearly, and every Year for ever

hereafter, to deliver to the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Times, as the said Company, or their Clerk, shall nominate and appoint, such Quan- tides of good and merchantable Limestone, ready got and broke, in the Pits where got (as near as conveniently may be to the Rail-way intended to be carried to the said Quarries), as the said Company, or their Clerk or Agent, shall direct or appoint, at and after the Rate of Seven-pence per Ton for every Ton of such Stone, each Ton to consist of twenty-one hundred Weight, at a hundred and twenty Pounds to the Hundred; of which Quantity Notice is to be given before the last Day of October in the preceding Year: Andfurther, that if they, their Heirs or Assigns, should, at any Time thereafter,

neglect or refuse to deliver such Quantities as should be required, it (hcmld be lawful for the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, and such Person or Persons as they, or their Clerk or Agent, should from Time to Time nominate or appoint, to enter into and upon the Lands, Grounds, or Stone-quar- ries, of any of the said Proprietors of Limestone, their Heirs or Assigns, and to get, take, and caiTy 4 away, such Quantities of Limestone as they should think proper, out of any of the Pits or Quarries aforesaid, paying after the Rate of Two pence a Ton, to be computed as aforesaid, for the same (such Stone to be got in a regular and proper Marnier): And it was further agreed, that the said Company should, as soon as conveniently might be after passing this Act, make proper and convenient Railways,

from the said Rail-way from Froghall, to or near the Face of each of the said Limeston e-pits, in the several Pieces of Land or Ground wherein the said several Parties bad Limestone as aforesaid, and keep the same at all Times in proper Repair; and should take the Tonnage to be allowed by the said intended Act, according to the Length of such respective Rail-way. for the Stone to be conveyed upon the same:

4 And whereas the said John Gilbert, Richard Hill, George Smith, and Setmpfon Whieldon, are interested in the said Limestone lying in the said Parish of Aheton, by virtue of a Lease made by the Right Honour- able the Earl of Shrewsbury\ and the said Earl is seised of the Freehold thereof, subject to such Lease;

and the said Earl hath agreed with the said Company, that the said Agreement shall for ever continue

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32.

and remain binding upon the said Earl, and all Persons claiming under him, and his and their Lessees and Tenants, from Time to Time, with respect to the said Limestone lying in the said Parish of Alveton: And whereas the said Company have made such Contract and Agreement with Intent to serve the Public ‘ with Limestone on the cheapest and most reasonable Terms, and are desirous of having the said Agreement executed and performed in such Manner as shall distribute the Benefit thereof most generally and equally Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Contract and Agreement so made as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall be and for ever remain binding upon the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, and the said several Proprietors of Limestone aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators; and that the said Limestone shall be got and provided by the said several Proprietors thereof, at the Rate and Price aforesaid, in such Proportions as shall be agreed amongst them, and approved by the said Company, before the last Day of September for the Year then next succeeding; and, in Default of such Agreement and Approbation, the same shall be got and provided in the Proportions following; (that is to say) Two Fifth Parts thereof by the said Earl of Shrewsbury, his Lessees or Tenants, out of the Quarry lying in the said Parish of Alveton; One Fifth Part thereof out of the Lands of the said Thomas Gilbert, called The Low Pieces, in the said Parish of Caldon; One other Fifth Part out of the Land of the said Henry Copestake, called Hemingjlow or Caldonlow, in the said Parish of Caldon; and the remaining Fifth Parjt out of the Land of the said Robert Belly Sampson lVhieldony and William lVoolliJcrofty called The Quarter Piece, in the Parish of Caldon aforesaid: And to the Intent the Public may be supplied with Limestone as punctually and conveniently as may be, the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, shall, and are hereby required to direct one of their Clerks, whose Name and Place of Residence they shall notify to the Public, to provide a Book, and make Entries therein of the Quantities of Limestone which any Person or Persons shall order under the Authority of this Act, which Order shall be given, and Entry made, on or before the last Day of September, for Stone to be delivered in the then succeeding Year and the said Company, their Successors and Assigns» shall, and are hereby required to distribute such Orders amongst the said several Proprietors of Limestone, in the Proportions aforesaid, as near as conveniently may be, and notify the same to them on or before the fifteenth Day of October then next following.

XI. And, for the better and more certain Accommodation of the Public, and the greater Security and Convenience of the Proprietors of Limestone/ be it further enacted, That no such Order shall be and entered in the said Book, for any less Quantity of Stone than one hundred Tons; and that a

iven.

epofit shall be made, at the Time such Order shall be given and entered, with the Clerk of the said Company as aforesaid, of Two-pence per Ton, in proportion to the Quantity of Stone ordered, and shall be afterwards paid to the Person or Persons to whom the said Company shall allot the providing and furnishing such Stone, in Part of Payment of the same; which Stone shall, for the greater Convenience in carrying away the same, be got, and ready'to be delivered, in Manner following; that is to say, any Quantity between one hundred and three hundred Tons shall be got and ready to be delivered within any Time to be named in such Order, not being sooner than two Months from the Time of giving the same; &ny Quantity between three hundred and six hundred Tons, within any Time to be named in such Order, not being sooner than three Months from the Time of giving the same; any Quantity between six hundred and one thousand Tons, within any Time to be named in such Order, not being sooner than five Months from the Time of giving the same; and any Quantity exceeding one thousand Tons shall be delivered in Manner following, viz. One Fourth Part thereof before the first Day of January^ One other Fourth Part before the first Day of April, One other Fourth Part before the first Day of July, and the remaining Fourth Part before the first Day of 05lobery in the Year next succeeding such Order; and all the said Stone to be so ordered shall be carried away by the Person or Persons ordering the same, from Time to Time, as the same shall be got, if conveniently may be (Obstructions by Frost, or other unavoidable Accidents, excepted): And that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to give and enter Orders for any Quantity or Quantities of Limestone, at other Times than that before mentioned, upon the Person or Persons giving such Order making a Deposit of Four-pence ^rTon for the Quantity ordered, and agreeing to take the same at the Times when it will be convenient to have the same got, without interfering with the Orders so to be given on or before the said last Day of September: And in case the Quantity of Stone so to be ordered on or before the last Day of September, shall not be provided and fur-niftied according to such Deposit, and the Directions aforesaid, unavoidable Obstructions by Frost excepted, the said Company shall repay such Deposit to the Person making the same, and giving such Order, his Executors or Administrators, and also a further Sum, by way of Forfeiture, equal to that so deposited, or in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be respectively recovered from the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall and may, in like Manner, recover the same from the Proprietor or Proprietors of Stone who had received such Deposit, and undertaken tb execute such Order, and make Default therein: And in case the Person or Persons ordering such Stone* 2nd making such Deposit, shall not carry away the said Stone according to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he or they, for such Default, shall forfeit such Deposit; and moreover, in case of such Neglect and Default as aforesaid in the Proprietor or Proprietors of Limestone, with respect to Limestone ordered and entered in such Book on or before the last Day of September, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or for the Person or Persons to whom such Stone was to be delivered, to enter into the Pit'or Quarry of such Proprietor or Proprietors of Limestone having so made Default, and to employ any Person or Persons to get the Quantity so required, upon paying the Sum of Two-pence per Ton only, of the Measure aforesaid, for such Stone, they getting the same in a regular and proper Manner,

527

The jibove-mentioned Contract ratified and confirmed.

A Book to be provided, and Entries to be made therein of the Quantitiea of Lirreflone ordered, &c*

No Order to be entered for left than ico Tons; and a Deposit of Two-penc* per Ton to be left with the Clerk of the said Comply*

Orders for Lime-Done may be given at other Times of the Year, on depositing 4d. per Ton, &c. Penalty on either Party making Default, &c#

5*8

At whtt Time*

Vessels loaded with Lime or Limestone may pass through the Locki, &c,

Occupiers of the Forge or Pool at Cunfalt not to draw Water lower than nine Inches from the Top of the Weir,

Prorifo, for preferring the Water of the River Charnett.

Powers contained io three Asti (t, 10, and 15 Geo. III.) extended to the W*rkt to be executed by this Actj

except as executed.

C. 32. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

XII. And, in order to prevent the Consumption of Water by the conveying of Lime or Limestone, which, by the said first-recited Act, is to pay less Rates, Tolls or Duties, than are thereby authcriLd 4 to be taken upon other Goods passing through the Locks upon the said Navigation from the Tr/nt to the Mersey, when there shall not be sufficient Water to supply the Lockage for Goods which pay the full Tolls, Rates, or Duties, authorised to be taken by the said Act / be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Boat, or other Vessel, carrying Lime or Limestone, to pass through any Lock or Locks upon the said Navigation between the Trent and the Mersey > except at Times when the Water flows over the Weir made to convey the waste Water from the Pound out of which such Lock or Locks is or are to be filled, without paying the like Rate, Toll, or Duty, which other Goods are liable to pay.

XIII. And whereas the said Company do intend to make a Part of the said proposed Canal through the Pool or Pound of Water at Cunjhllfforge, the Property of the Right Honourable Marmaduke Lord Langdale, situate at Cunfall, in the said County of Stafford, and to cleanse and deepen the said Pool or Pound of Water, which will be of Advantage to the said Forge/ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Forge or Pool, or Pound of Water, to draw the Water in the said Pool or Pound more than nine Inches lower than the Cap or Top of the Weir now erected at the said Pool or Pound of Water; and if the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Forge, Pool, or Pound of Water, shall at any Time draw the Water in the said Pool or Pound lower than the said nine Inches, so as to obstruct the Passage of any Boat or Boats along or through the same, then, and in such Case, the said Company, or any Person or Persons navigating upon the said Pool or Pound of Water, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to (hut down the Flood-gates of or belonging to the said Pool or Pound of Water, and to continue the same so (hut, until the said Pool or Pound of Water shall be raised within three Inches of the Top of the said Weir.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall authorise or impower the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to take or convey into the said proposed Canal, any Water out of any of the Streams or Brooks that now flow into the River Churnett (except what shall be necessary for filling the said Canal, and the Purpose of Lockage); and that all the waste Water that shall or may flow out of the Pound at the Summit of the said proposed Canal, shall be discharged into the said River, higher than the Mills called Chedleton Mills, situate at Chedleton aforesaid; and the said Company are hereby required, at all Times hereafter, to keep the Lock of the said Pound next to the River Trent in good and sufficient Repair, in order to prevent the Water of the said Pound being wasted and diverted from the said River Churnett, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more easy and effectual making, completing, repairing, maintaining, and using, the said proposed Canal, Railways, and the several other Works, Matters, and Things aforesaid, the said Company, their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Labourers, and all and every other Person and Persons, Commissioner and Commissioners, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whatsoever, shall have, and be seised and possessed of, and is and are hereby invested with such and the like Estates, Authorities, Powers, Abilities, Interests, Privileges, and Advantages 5 and shall be, and is and are hereby made subject and liable to such and the like Rules, Conditions, Directions, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Controuls, Payments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, and Benefit of Appeal, as are mentioned, directed, given, granted, prescribed, established, and inflicted, in and by the said Acts made in the sixth, tenth, and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his

Present Majesty, to every Intent and Purpose whatsoever; and that the said Acts, and all the Clauses, rovifvs. Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except such Parts of the said Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, as are varied or altered by the said Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also except such Parts of both of the said Acts, or either of them, as are hereby altered or varied), shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take Effect, operate, and be put in Execution, in, for, and in respect of, the continuing, making, completing, repairing, maintaining, and using, the said proposed Cut or Canal, and the several Works, Matters, and Things, by this Act authorised to be made, done, and performed, and for the Punishment of Offences in relation thereto, and for the felling and conveying of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and ascertaining the Value thereof, and for determining and afll-(ling of Damages, and all other Matters and Things which shall relate to, or happen or arise by, or in consequence of, the Execution of all or any of the rowers of this Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same can or may operate and be executed to, upon, for, or in respect of, the Cut or Canal, and the several Works, Matters, and Things, in the said former Acts respectively mentioned, or authorised to be made, done, and performed, and as if all the said Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said Cut or Canal, Railways, Tunnels. Soughs, Trenches, Sluices, Piers, Arches, Bridges, and the several other Matters and Things by this Act authorised to be made, done, and performed, or as the same would have been done if the said Cut or Canal, Railways, Works, Matters, and Things, hereby authorised to be continued, made, and done, had been authorised to be made, done, and performed, by the said former Acts, or either of them.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 33. 529

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the landing certain Commodities on the present Quays, and for providing a convenient Quay and proper Places for landing and storing the same; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire within the said Port of Bristol*, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the Port of Bristol is a Place of great Trade and Commerce, and the Ships and Vessels lying at the Quays thereof are by the Efflux of the Tide left dry twice in every twenty-four Hours, whereby they frequently receive Damage: And whereas great Quantities of Timber, Deals,

Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rofm, and Turpentine, have for many Years past been imported into the said Port,

particularly in the Summer Months, during which Time it has frequently happened that there has not been Room within a convenient Distance from the said Quays for storing the same, by reason whereof,

and of the Expence of removing the same, which on Articles so cumbrous and of such low Value amounts to a great Charge, the Quays have been often through Necessity greatly incumbered, and the Danger of Fire to the Ships in the rort much dreaded: And whereas the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Bristol\ have from Time to Time expended very large Sums of Money for the Benefit of the Navigation and Trade of the said Port, and with a View to provide a Remedy for the afore-mentioned Inconveniencies, have purchased certain Docks and Yards in the Parish of Clifton, in the Courny of Gloucester, adjoining to the River Avon within the said Port, and have, at a very considerable Expence, rendered one of the said Docks, now called The Floating-dock3 capable of receiving and floating the largest Ships using the said Port: And whereas the Danger of Fire to the Ships in the said Port and to the City of Bristol would be greatly lessened, and it would be more beneficial to all Persons using the Trade of the said Port, if the said Floating-dock was enlarged on the North-western Side thereof, and rendered capable of containing a greater Number of Ships than at present, and if a convenient Quay, with proper Storehouses, Warehouses, Sheds, and Yards, were built, crested, made, and laid out, for landing, storing, and laying up, the afore-mentioned Articles of Trade: And whereas the said Society are willing to enlarge the said Floating-dock, and to build such Quay as aforesaid, and to erect and make the several other Works before mentioned; but cannot eflreft the ft me, and completely remedy the Inconveniencies afore-recited, without the Aid of Parliament*/ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the society of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Briflcly and they are hereby authorised and impowered ,to enlarge the said Dock called The Floating-dock, on the North-western Side thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and likewise to build and make a convenient Quay on such North-western Side, with proper Storehouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Yards, and Places, for landing, storing, and laying up the said Goods.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Land and Ground situate on the North-western Side of, and adjoining to, the said Floating-dock, and extending in Breadth on or towards the North-west from the Quay-wall of the said Floating-dock (whether in its present State, or as the same shall be enlarged) two hundred Feet, and extending of the same Breadth from the Water of Avon to the North-east End of the said Dock (whether in its present State, or as the same shall be hereafter enlarged), shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, a Quay for the landing all Sorts and Kinds of Timber (including Mahogany), Planks and Boards, Deals and Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, in whatever Quantities the same shall from Time to Time be imported into the said Port of Bristol in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever: Provided the Owners of such Goods do first pass a regular Entry thereof, and pay the Custom and other Duties, and before they unship any of the Goods give Notice of the Day and Hour of Landing, in Writing, to the principal Officers of the Customs at the said Port of Bristol for the Time being, that they may direct the proper Officers to attend accordingly; and provided that none of the Goods be unshipped but in the Presence of a Waiter or Officer so appointed thereunto, otherwise the said Goods to be liable to Forfeiture according to Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to land any Timber, Planks, or Boards of any Sort or Kind, Deals, Staves, Tkr, Pitch, Turpentine, Rosin, or other the Commodities aforesaid, on any Part of the present Quays within the said City of Bristol, from or out of any Ship or Vessel coming into the said Port of Bristol (except in the Cases herein after mentioned). Two Third Parts of the Cargo whereof shall consist of all or any of the said Articles, or from or out of any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, bringing the same from any such Ship or Vessel, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; and the Master or Owner, or other Person having the Command, Charge, or Care, of any Ship or Vessel coming into the said Port of Bristol after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, Two Third Parts of the Cargo whereof shall consist of all, any, or either of the said Articles (the Proportion of such Cargo to be ascertained by the Tonnage of the whole Cargo), shall cause the said Ship or Vessel to be unladen of all such Articles at the said new-intended Quay, upon Pain of forfeiting fifty Pounds for each Offence.

Preamble

Master, Warden*, and Common*] y, of the

Society of Merchant Ventureif, impowered to enlarge the Float ing-dock, and to build S‘orehouses, 8cc§ Ground allotted for a new Quay*

Role* to be ob* served by Merchants.

Timber, Plank*, &c. not to be landed on the present Quays, after June 14, 1777 a

on Penalty of 501.

530 C. 33. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

This Act not extend to Timber brought coastwise j

nor to prevent landing at private Wharf*, *c.

Duties now payable on the Importation of certain Article*, &c. to continue soon being landed at the new Quij.

Kate* to be paid for storing of Good*, &c.

Mayor and Justices may lower the Rates, &c#

Tar, Pitch, ice, nr t to be left on the Q^ay longer than seven Dajs after gauging.

Piece of Ground to be appointed for laying up

Balks, Mails, &c.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Timber, Planks, or Boards, brought coastwise into the said Port; but that the same shall and may be landed on that Part of the present Quay (commonly called The Back of Bristol) in the same Manner as such Timber hath been usually landed there.

V. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners of any Timber, Planks, or Boards, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, or Turpentine, or any of the Commodities herein before recited, or his or their Agent, Factor, or Consignee, from landing or unlading the same, or any Part thereof, at any private Quay or Wharf within the said Port, where the same may now, or at any Time hereafter (by Consent of the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs within the said Port), be landed or unloaded, nor to prevent any such Person or Persons from landing or unlading any of the said Articles at the present Quay within the said City of Bristol) such Person producing a Certificate, under the Hands of any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Bristol, to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs within the said Port of Bristol (such Certificate to be grounded on the Oath of the Party applying for the same), that, at the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, a Birth or Place could not be had fit for such Ship or Vessel to lie in for landing and unlading such Articles as aforesaid upon the said new-intended Quay; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties which are now due and payable for Wharfage, Tonnage, Tannage, Plankage, and the Duties commonly called The Town Duties* and all other Duties and Customs whatsoever now payable in the said Port of Bristol on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel at the Quay or Back of Bristol, or on the Importation of Timber (including Mahogany); flanks, or Boards, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, or any of the Commodities aforesaid, shall (till continue due and payable, and shall be paid to the several Persons who now are, or here* after shall be, intitled to the same, for all Ships and Vessels which shall arrive at the said intended Quay; and for all Timber (including Mahogany), Planks, and Boards, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, and all other the Commodities aforesaid which shall be landed on the said new-intended Quay in the said Parish of Clifton, in like Manner as if the said Ships or Vessels had arrived at the Quay or Back of Bristol) or as if the said Goods had been landed on either of the present Quays, within the said City of Bristol \ and also that the Rates which are now due and payable, or which shall be hereafter settled, for Jadingor unlading such Goods or Merchandise on the present Quays within the said City of Bristol, shall be paid for the lading or unlading the same on the said new-intended Quay in the said Parish of Clifton.

VII. And, in order to defray the Expence of making, building, maintaining, and supporting, the said new Quay, and the Storehouses, Warehouses, Yards, Sheds, and Places, to be built and made for the Purposes aforesaid / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be paid to the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Bristol (oyer and above the Charge for piling Deals and other Goods usually piled, and other Labour now usually paid for in the said Port of Bristol), by the Proprietors of such Goods, for all such Timber (including Mahogany), Planks, and Boards, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, and other the Commodities aforesaid, as the Owner, or Person having the Care thereof, shall chuse to have stored or placed in the said Storehouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Yards, oi^Places, to be built and made as aforesaid, the several Rates ascertained in the Schedule inserted at the End of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Justices of the said City of Bristol and County of the same City, in their Court of Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said City of Bristol and County of the same City, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time (for good and sufficient Cause), to lower the said Rates hereby granted, or any of them, and from Time to Time for such good Cause, to raise again the said Rates, or any of them, provided the said Rates do never exceed the Rates authorised to be taken by virtue of this Act; and the said Mayor and Justices, in their said Court of Quarter Session, shall have Power and Authority to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the better Management of the said new-intended Quay in the said Parish of Clifton, and to settle equal and reasonable Rates for Labour, as well by Horses, Carts, and Carriages, as by Men, to be done thereat; and if any Person or Persons shall take or demand more than the Rates so to be settled, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to leave on the said new-intended Quay any Tar, Pitch, Rosin, or Turpentine, for any longer Time than seven Days after the same shall be gauged or pa fled by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and in case any Person or Persons shall leave any of the said Articles upon the said Quay, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, that then, and as often as such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, by their Agents or Servants for the Time being, to house or store all such Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, in the Warehouses, Storehouses, or Places, to be provided for that Purpose as aforesaid; and the like Rates shall be paid as if the Owner thereof had directed the same to be stored or housed by the said Society.

4 X. And, in order to prevent Inconveniencies from Balks, Mads, Spats, Timber, Planks, or other

Articles not usually piled, being suffered to remain on the said new-intended Quay/ be it further cr.nfted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Society of Merchants shall set out and appoint from Time to Time one or more Piece or Pieces of the Ground adjoining the said new-intended Quay* within the Meads called Rownbam's Meads* for laying and placing Balks, Marts, Spars, and Timber (including Mahogany'*, and also Planks of the Thickness of three Inches or upwards, and of the Length of twenty-five Feet or upwards.

by c.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. G/33* 531

upwards, and all other Articles not usually piled; and in case the said Society of Merchants shall omit or neglect so to do, then it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Justices of the Peace of the said City and County of the City of Bristol9 in their Court of Quarter Sessions, on Complaint being made to them by any three or more Persons interested in such Goods, from Time to Time to set out and appoint one or more proper Piece or Pieces of the Ground adjoining the said new-intended Quay, within the Meads commonly called Rownham's Meads, and also from Time to Time to change or alter the same, and to set out and appoint any other Piece or Pieces of Ground within the said Meads commonly called Rjawnhands Meads (and not being at that Time built upon), for laying and placing Balks, Marts, Spars, and Timber (including Mahogany), and also Planks of the Thickness of three Inches, or upwards, and of the Length of twenty-five Feet, or upwards, and all other Articles usually piled; and in case any Balks, Marts, Spars, or.Timber (including Mahogany), or any Plank of the Dimensions aforesaid, or other Articles usually piled, shall, after the Landing thereof, be left on the said new-intended Quay for any longer Time than Hull be necessary for removing the same to such Place or Places as shall be set out and appointed for laying or placing the same as aforesaid, that then, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Society, by their Agents or Servants, to remove the same, at the Expence of the Proprietors thereof, to such Place or Places as shall be so set out and appointed for placing or laying the same as aforesaid.

XI. And whereas it will be of great Importance to the Trade and Commerce of the said City of Bristol,.

that the said new-intended Quay should be at all Times kept in good Repair, gnd that proper Sheds-

should be erected for housing or storingTar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, with Reservoirs for pre-

serving the Leakage of such Tar, and that proper Places should be provided for the laying and placing

Timber (including Mahogany), Deals, and Staves, and all other the Commodities aforesaid which shall be landed at the said new-intended Quaybe it therefore further enacted, That in case the said Society Th*Society or

of Merchants shall not erect and make a sufficient Number of proper Warehouses, Storehouses, and Sheds, Merchants to

for the storing all such Tar, Pitch, Rosin, and Turpentine, as shall be landed at the said new-intended

Quay, or shall not provide a sufficient Quantity of Ground for Yards for laying up and placing all such so*

Timber (including Mahogany), Deals, and Staves, and other the Commodities aforesaid, as shall be Ooodij

landed at the said Quay, and by reason thereof the Master of any Ship or Vessel coming into the said P6rt,

or the Owner or Owners of any of the said Goods, shall be put to any extraordinary Expence, or shall'

Curtain any Loss or Damage, that then, and in either of the said cases, the said Society shall make good or; in Befauft all such extraordinary Expences, and all such Loss or Damage as aforesaid; and the same shall and may thereof, to male* be recovered by Action at Law to be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster. sood all

XII. And whereas four undivided Sixth Parts or Shares of nine Acres, or thereabouts, of Ground lying in Rownhatn's Meads in the Parish of Clifton (of which Ground the said Society are seised of the other two undivided Sixth Parts or Shares), and also a certain other Piece or Parcel of Ground within the said Meads, and containing by Estimation four Acres, or thereabouts, will be necessary to be made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, and a certain other Parcel of Land, containing Half an Acre, or there- abouts, heretofore Parcel of the said Meads called Rownharns Meads, will be convenient to be purchased by the said Society; all which Premises were heretofore the Estate of Shute Adams Esquire, de- ceased: And whereas it may happen that lbme Persons, or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Ecclesiastical,

4 Feoffees in Trust, Femes-covert, Infants, or others, who are seised or possessed of, intitled unto, or interested in, the said recited Ground, and Parts or Shares of Ground, may be willing to treat and agree to fell such Premises, but are incapable of felling, granting, or conveying the same;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic* Bodies PoHt'c, Corporate, or Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Ad- possessed of mimstrators. Guardians, or other Trustees whomsoever, and for all Femes-covert, Infants, and every certain Lands LnP‘ Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any such Ground »0wered to fd* and Premises, or Part or Share or Parts or Shares of Ground and Premises, to sell and convey all such the same. Ground and Premises, or Part or Share, Parts or Shares, of Ground and Premises, or any Part thereof, and all their Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, or to the same, to the said Master,

Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, their Successors and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons, and their Heirs for ever, as the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers shall direct, in Trust for them the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the said Society of Merchant Venturers, and their Successors and Assigns, for the Purposes in this Act contained, or for which the same are now used; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, (nail, without any Fine or Finer, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such.1 Persons are and shall bp hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politic, Corporate, or if any Brt? Pd*-Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Femes-covert, Infants, or other Person or Persons whom- litic. See. soever, ip and by this Act impowered and qualified to contract for, fell, convey, and dispose of, the Pre- to treat, mises herein before mentioned, shall refuse to treat and agree as aforesaid, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating and agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to fell, convey, and dispose of, the Premises whereof, wherein, or whereunto they respectively shall be so seised, possessed, interested, or intitled, as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests, in, to, or out of the same, unto the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the said Society of Merchant Venturers, their Successors and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate or appoint for the Purposes'

aforesaid^.

532

Or cinnot produce a Title to the Premise*,

Matter, War-dent, &c. may apply to Conri-zriiTicneri herein after named.

A Jury to be summoned.

On Veg!e&, &c. of Commissionera, the M after, &c. may apply to »he Quarter Sessions,

who dull eaefc the Matter in Dispute to be inquired into by a

JurT-

Juron may be challenged,

and Witnessci examined on Oath.

VerdtcV of the Jury, &c. tOrbe linal j

and to be enured amongst the Records, &c.

C. 33. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

aforesaid, according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act;-or shall not produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the interest h-y claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the <*«id Society or Me.cham Venturers, their Successors and Assigns; it shall and may be lawful for the said Master, W ardens, and Common* ty* of the said Society, wi'hin three Years, to be computed from the tw, n'y-fourih Day of June one thousr.nd seven hundred and seventy-six, to apply to the Commissioners herein after named, 01 to the Survivors of

them, and request such Commissioners to put in Execution the Powers and Authorities hereby giv n to them; and on such Application, they the said Commissioners, and the Survivors of them, or any three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby vested with such and the like Powers and Authorities for hearing and determining in the County of Gloucester the Matter in Dispute, as were given and granted to his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of Bristol and County of the same City, in certain Cases resp ufting Houses, Buildings, Grounds, and Estates, situate within the City of Bristol, in and by an A<5f, passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for widening several Streets, Lanes, lVays% and Passages^ within the City f Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same, and for explaining, amending, and enla'gin% the Powers of the several A Sts pasted for pavings eleanfwg, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and other Places within the said City and Liberties thereof; and such Commissioners shall ifllie a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County of Gloucester, who is hereby authorised, directed, and required, accordingly to impannel and return a competent Number of substantiaL and disinterested Persons, resident within the Hundreds next adjoining to the Hundred of Barton Regis in the County of Gloucester, and qualified to serve on Juries, and not less than twenty-four; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as in such Precept or Precepts 0 all be directed and appointed, and to attend there from Day to Day until discharged by the said Commissioners.

XIV. Provided always, That if, for or on any Account whatsoever, the said Commissioners shall not be able to put in Execution, or shall not put in Execution, within three Calendar Months after such Application shall be made to them, the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them as aforesaid, that

then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of the said Society, to apply to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County of Gloucester, or to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held for the said City of Bristol and County of the same City, giving fourteen Days Notice of such Application to the other Party or Parties concerned in the Matter in Dispute, and request such Justices to proceed in the Manner herein after directed; and on such Application it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices so assembled at such General Quarter Sessions, and to whom such Application shall be made, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be inquired into by and upon the Oaths of the Jury who shall attend at such Sessions; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges (but not challenge the Array of the Pannel) against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Justices, as aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, by Precept or Order, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them, and to examine them, on their Oath or Oaths, touching the Premises; and the said Justices as aforesaid, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Matters in question in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices as aforesaid shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, and from Place to Place, a3 Occasion shall require; and such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, shall attend until the Inquiry aforesaid shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths, shall inquire of the Value of such Ground, and Part or Share or Parts or Shares of Ground, which shall be necessary to be purchased, and of the respective Estate and Interest of every Person seised or possess'ed of or interested therein, or in any Part thereof, and such Jury shall assess the Sum or Sums to be paid, or other Satisfaction to be made, to every such Person or Persons for the Purchase of such their Estates and Tnrerefts which shall be necessary to be so purchased, and the said Justices as aforesaid shall and may give Judgment for such Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed, or other Satisfaction to be made; which said Verdi# or Verdicts, and the said Judgment, Decree, and Determination thereon, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of the same, either in Possession, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, and Femes-covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators as against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices as aforesaid and Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written or engrossed, and kept and entered amongst the Records of the said Quarter Sessions; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other such Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or a Copy thereof, attested under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace of the Couny of Gloucester for the Time being, if the same shall be heard and determined in the County of Gloucester, or under the Hand of the Town-clerk of the City and County of the City of Bristol, if the same shall be heard and determined in the said City and County of the City of Bristol, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence and

3 Proof

c.oooo[e

533

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 33.

Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse to the same gratis^ and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, shall not, upon the Execution of the Conveyances by the necessary Party or Parties who shall appear to be interested in or in titled unto the Premises aforesaid, and upon Tender thereof to the Matter of the said Society for the Time being, pay or cause to be paid all such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be so assessed or awarded for the Purchase of the respective Estates and Interests in such Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons to whom the same shall be decreed to be paid, that then the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Society, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, or for the said City and County of the City of Bristol, together with all Costs and Charges attending the same, returning the Overplus (if any) after such Sum or Sums of Money, and all such Costs and Cftarges, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Jury shall adjudge the said Premises to be of greater Value than the said Society of Merchants shall otter for the same, that then the Costs and Charges of every Sort and Kind attending the obtaining such Assessment by a Jury shall be paid by the said Society of Merchants; and if such Jury fha^ not adjudge the said Premises to be of greater Value than the said Society of Merchants shall offer for the same, that then the said Costs and Charges shall be paid by the Party or Parties refusing to treat, or to accept the Pi ice offered by the said Society.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That, upon such Payment by the said Society of Merchants of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and decreed as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so assessed and decreed shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances and Assurances in the Law to the said Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, their Successors and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they (bail nominate or appoint in Trust for them, of such Ground and Premises, and every Part thereof, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so assessed, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, requisite and necessary to make a clear, good, and perfect Title to such Premises to the said Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, their Successors and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid; and such Conveyances and Assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall, on the Part of the said Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society aforesaid, their Successors and Assigns, be required: And in case such Person or Persons, to whom any such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded or due as aforesaid, shall not be able to evidence their Title to the Premises to the said Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof in Manner before mentioned, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such Sum or Sums, so assessed and due as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to them on their making such Title, and executing and procuring to be executed such Conveyances or Assurances as aforesaid j or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid, cannot be found, or refuse to appear at their Dwelling-house or last known Place of Abode, or if, by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect of Evidence or otherwise, it shall not appear to the said Justices in their Court of Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, what Person or Persons is or are intitled; or if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money due on the Premises, after Notice given to him, her, or them, for that Purpose, as herein after is provided, then, and in all and every such Case and cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at their Sessions as aforesaid, to order the Sum or Sums so assessed as aforesaid, as the Value or Purchase money for such Ground and Premises, or as shall be due on such Mortgage, to be paid into the Chamber of the said City of Bristol for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them and every of them according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Justices in their said Sessions shall, by any Order to be made by them, direct; and the Chamberlain of the said City, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what Premises and for what Use the same is or are received, to Aich Person as shall pay such Sum or Sums into the said Chamber as aforesaid $ which Receipt or Receipts shall be entered on Record, and registered in such Place, and in such Manner, as such Verdicts, Judgments, and other Proceedings as aforesaid, are herein before required to be kept; and immediately on such Payment and Registry, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively for whose Use the same was paid in, to, or out of such Ground and Premises, shall vest in the said Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, their Successors and Assigns, for the Purposes of this Act; and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand-of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to, and be deem: J and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion, or Remainder, against the Issue and Issues of such Person or Person*, and every Person claiming under them, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever*

in case Corporation orr ir to pay Sums awarded,

the fame may be levied by Dif-trcfi, &c.

Expences of a Jury how to be paid.

On Payment of

Purchase money by the Society, Premises to be conveyed, &c,

If Parties cannot evidence their Title to the Premises, &c.

or if Mortgagee! refuse to take in their Mortgage-money.

such Purchase-m-mey, or Mortgage, to be paid into the Chamber of the Cuy of Br-stol. Chamberlain to give Rece.pts for Sums received,

vh ch dal* be entered cn Record,

and the Premisea

ir* the Souity,

534-

Purchase-momey to be placed out at Interest, &c.

‘Mesne Profiti tecoterabJc, &c.

Mortgagee*, on Pajwnent or Tender of Mortgage-money, to convey the Pre->miic«, die.

Money payable to Bodies Corporate, &c. to 'be inverted in Purchase of ther £statet*

Centrals or Agreements already made, not invalidated by this Act,

Commissioneri

appointed.

Part of the Pari Ih of Clifton exempted from the judicial Jurisdiction of Gloucestershire, and made Part of Bristol*

C. 33. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776'.

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices in their said Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof, after such Payment into the said Chamber, and Registry as aforesaid, on the Application of any Person or Persons interested in such Ground or Premises, or any Part thereof, or the Monies so paid into the said Chamber for the Parch ale thereof, or in respect of any Right or Interest therein, to place out and invert, or cause to be placed out and inverted, such Sum or oums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the public Funds, or on Government Securities, or in the said Chamber of Bristol, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Justices for that Purpose, in Trull to transfer and assign the same to such Person or Persons to whom the Money so paid shall belong, on their executing proper Conveyances as aforesaid; and in the mean time in Trust to pay the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to such Person or Persons who shall be froirt Time for Time intitled to receive the same.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who would be intitled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Justices, in their said Sections, or at some Adjournment thereof, are hereby impowered and authorised to make such Order as aforesaid on the Chamberlain of the said City, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to their being inverted in the Funds or Government Securities, or in the said Chamber of Bristol \ and the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, their Successors and Assigns, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Ground and Premises for which such Monies shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money to be so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mortgagee or Mortgagees of any Land which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, on having six Months Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, or any Person authorised by them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money which, at the Expiration of the said six Months, shall be due on such Mortgage, shall, at the End of the said six Months, after every such Notice of Payment, or Tender, of the Principal and Interest Money which shall be then due, ooii~ vey and assign his, her, and their respective Estates and Interests, in and to the said mortgaged Premises, to such Person or Persons as they, the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, shall nominate or appoint, in Trust for the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, their Successors and Assigns, to the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then all Interest on every such Mortgage, from the Expiration of the said six Months after any such Notice given as aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands or Hereditaments which shall be purchased, for the Purposes intended by this Act, of any Body Corporate or Ecclesiastical, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme-covert or Infant, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same in Trust, with all convenient Speed to be re-inverted in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; which Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be conveyed and settled to and upon and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be purchased from them respectively by the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the Time of such the purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing and capable of taking Effect.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall invalidate or make void, or tend to invalidate or make void, any Contract or Agreement already made between any Person or Persons whomsoever touching or concerning the Sale of any Land, or Parts or Shares of Land, in or heretofore Part of Rownhairis Meads aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, or which may tend to the facilitating the Operation thereof, or which will be convenient to be purchased by the said Society; but that all and every such Contract or Agreement shall (land in and have the same Force as if this Act had not been made; and the Party or Parties who are or shall be bound thereby, or are or shall be willing to carry the same into Execution, are and shall be hereby enabled so to do.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons herein after mentioned shall be Commissioners for the Purposes in this Act mentioned 5 (that is to say) Morran Smith Esquire, Thomas Tyndall Esquire, Robert Jackson Esquire, IViliam Mies Esquire, Samuel Farr Doctor in Physic, John Merlot Esquire, John Freeman the younger Esquire, Henry Durbin Esquire, John Durbin the younger Esquire, Mr. Henry Farr Yeatmany the Reverend Doctor John Cajberd, and the Reverend Doctor Stonhouse.

XXIV. And whereas the Business which will be carried on at the said Floating-dock and new-intended 1 Quay, and at the several Docks, Yards, and other Places, near or adjoining thereto, and herein after mentioned and described, in the said Parish of Clifton, will be chiefly transacted by or between Persons engaged in the Trade of the said Port of Bristol be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty*ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 33.

seventy-six, all tWt Part of the Parish of Clifton aforesaid, which lies between the Bound-stone of the City -of Bristol on the East Part of a little Brook anciently called Woodwell lake> but now a Sluice carried under <Jround near a Place where a Limekiln flood, and where is now a Dock commonly called Limekilh-dock, and a certain Ferry commonly called Rownham Passagey and between the River Avon and the Road which leads from the said Bound-stone to the said Ferry called Rownham Passage, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, except as herein after mentioned, wholly exempted and separated from the County of Gloucester^ and from all Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority, of Sheriffs, Escheators, Coroners, Justices, and other the Officers and Ministers of the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors whatsoever, of the said County of Gloucester for ever; and may and shall be taken and accepted as Member, Part, and Parcel, of the aforesaid City of Bristol and County of the same City, and within the Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority, of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Coroners, Escheators, Justices, and other the Officers and Ministers of the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the said City and County of the same for ever, as fully and amply as if the same had been Part and Parcel of the said County and City-before and at the Time of granting the several Charters under which the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol do now hold and exercise Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction within the said City, and the Suburbs, Liberties, and Precincts thereof, or as if the several Powers and Authorities thereby given were herein repeated and applied to the said District hereby united to and made a Part of the said City 5 and that all and every the Powers and Authorities, given and granted to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, for the City and County of the City of Bristol, in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the first Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary% intituled, An Act for certain Courts of Conscience in the Cities of Bristol and Gloucester, and the Liberties thereof shall be and are hereby extended to that Part of the said Parish of Clifton which lies between the Limits herein before described, and so as aforesaid united to and made a Part of the City of Bristol and County of the same City, and exempted and separated from the County of Gloucester.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the making any Alteration within the District so exempted and separated from the County of Gloucester, and added to the City of Bristol\ touching any Tax, Rate, Levy, or Assessment whatsoever, now or hereafter to be raised in the said rarifli of Clifton, or to the charging the said District with any Tax, Rate, Levy, or Assessment, usually raised within the said City of Bristol and County of the same City, or touching any Matter relative to any ecclesiastical, parochial, or manerial Jurisdiction or Right, or to the taking away the Right of any Person or Persons whomsoever, having, or hereafter to have, any Freehold within the District aforesaid, to vote for the Election of any Knight of the Shire for the said County of Gloucester, or of any Coroner or other Officer whatsoever, but that all the same Rights, Matters, and Things shall be, remain, and continue, as if this Act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor and Justices of the said City of Bristol, in their Court of Quarter Sessions assembled, shall have Power to order and settle the Rates to be paid and payable for Porterage, and also for the Hallage or Lighterage of all Kinds of Goods and Merchandise which shall be carried or conveyed to and from the said City of BrUlol to and from the said several Docks and Places herein before particularly described in the said Parish of Clifton, and also to and from any Place or Places within the said City of Bristol; and if any Person or Persons shall take or demand more than the Rates so to be settled, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings. '

XXVII. And whereas it would be a great Benefit to the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of Bristol, if the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire within the said Port, were put under proper Regulationsbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, all and every Person and Persons who shall keep or use, for carrying of Goods for Hire, any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, within the said Port of Bristol, shall cause the same to be registered by the Quay-warden for the Time being of the said Port of Bristol, in a Register to be by him kept for that Purpose; in which Register the said Quay-warden shall enter, in numerical Progression, the Name of the Owner or Owners of every such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, together with the Tonnage thereof; to which Register all Persons, who may be interested in any Question touching the same, shall have Recourse at all seasonable Times without Fee or Reward: And all and every Person and Persons who shall keep or use, for the carrying of Goods for Hire, any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, within the said Port of Bristol> shall produce such Lighter. Boat, or other Vessel, to such Quay-warden, at or as near as may be to a certain Slip commonly called The Gibb-flip* within the said Port, and shall at the same Time cause the Tonnage of the said tighter. Boat, or other Vessel, when properly filled or loaded, to be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the said Quay-warden, and so in like Manner when such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be three-fourths filled or loaded, and so in like Manner when such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be half filled or loaded; and shall also cgufe his Name, and the Number in the Register, and the Tonnage of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, in the different Degrees before-mentioned, to be marked in a legible Manner at the Head and Stern of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, in large plain Letters and Figures, painted or made with White-lead and Oil upon a black Ground, to the Satisfaction of the said Quay-warden, and shall at all Times afterwards preserve and keep clean and legible the fameName, Number, and Tonnage, so marked as aforesaid; and the Owner of every such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be paid for the Use of the same according to the Tonnage so to be ascertained as aforesaid; and the Owner of every such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, shall pay to the said Quay-warden, as a Fee for his Trouble in fceingfach Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, so weighed and marked, and for registering the same, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and such Quay-warden shall attend within the usual Custom-house Hours of Business to fee every such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, weighed, m irked, and registered as aforesaid, upon twenty-

535

This Act notl* make any Alteration in relation to Taxes, &c. in Clifton*

Mayor and JuC ticcs may settle the Rates of Porterage, See,

All Veflefi kept for carrying Good* for Hire, in the Port of Bristol, to be registered.

Other Reyola-tions relating ta such Vessels.

S36

Quay-warden to examine all such Vesseli, ftc, ywrljrj

and if he Audi

discoxer any Fraud* to present the same, *c»

Penalty on Quay-warden for Negle&of Pnty> ftc»

OFFencet against thii Aik to be determined by Justices, &c* Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Fegtdationi for unloading, &c. of Vessels in the Itoating-dock.

C. 33. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

four Hours Notice given to him for that Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting* to the Owner of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, the Sum of fifty Shillings for every Time he shall neglect to do his Duty accords ing to the Intent of this Act, unless such Quay-warden shall be prevented from attending upon account of Sickness, or feme othe^r Cause which shall be deemed reasonable by the Mayor, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Bristol, upon Complaint to be made by such Owner of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Quay-warden for the Time being shall yearly, and every Year, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, or within seven Days then next following^ 'within the usual Custom-house Hours of Bufinef^ review and examine all the said Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels, at or near the said Gibb-Jlipy and fee that the Name, Number, and Tonnage marked thereon are plain and legible, and whether any Frauds have been committed by Alterations made therein, or otherwise; and such Quay-warden shall affix, or cause to be affixed, on some conspicuous Place near the said Gibb-flip y three Days Notice of the Time or Times when he will attend to make such Review: And in case he shall find that any Fraud hath been committed, or Alteration made in the Name, Number, or Tonnage, marked on such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, or any Cause of Complaint, he shall make a Presentment thereof to the Trustees for the Time being in the said Port of Bristol appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kim George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed anadifabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killeiy Jlainy or drowneay in the Merchants Service; in order that the Offenders may be dealt with according to Law; and in case the Owner of any such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce his Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, to be reviewed and examined as aforesaid. Notice of the Time of such Review being given as aforesaid, and shall afterwards life such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, before it shall have been reviewed and examined by such Quay-warden, every such Owner shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Tide he shall so make use of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel; and the said Quay-warden shall from Time to Time be paid for his Trouble, in taking and making such Review and Examination* by the Owner or Owners of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, the Sum of Sixpence for every such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, so reviewed and examined.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Quay-warden for the Time being shall neglect or refuse to attend to see the Tonnage of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel ascertained, and such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel marked, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay, 40 the Owner of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings for every Tide which shall elapse before he shall attend and perform his Duty as aforesaid; and in case the Name, Number, or Tonnage, which shall be so as aforesaid marked on any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be wilfully obliterated or altered, or the Tonnage of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, wilfully lessened; that then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel* shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence.

XXX. And be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this Act, not hereby otherwise directed to be heard and determined, shall and may be heard and determined by his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Bristol in their Court of Quarter-sessions, and that their Determination shall be final; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, and the Expences of recovering the same, shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, to be made by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Bristol, render* ing to the Party the Overplus, if any; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not otherwise directed to be applied and disposed of by this Act) shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees for the said Port of Bristol appointed to put in Execution the said Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief* and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killedy Jlainy or drowneay in the Merchants Service; and shall be applied to and for the Purposes of the said Act within the said Port of Bristol, at the Discretion of the said Trustees.

XXXI. And whereas the said Society do now receive, from the Owners of Ships and Vessels lying within the said Floating-dock, the several Rates herein after mentioned; that is to say. For every Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of three hundred Tons or upwards, nine Shillings a Week; for every Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of two hundred Tons or upwards, ^nd under three hundred Tons, seven Shillings 4 a Week; for every Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of one hundred and fifty Tons or upwards, and under two hundred Tons, six Shillings a Week; and for every Ship or Vessel under the Burthen of one hundred and fifty Tons, five Shillings a Week: And whereas it is proper that empty Ships and Vessels in the said Floating-dock should give way to Ships and Vessels coming into the said Dock to unload, and that Ships and Vessels coming into the said Dock to unload should, upon Payment of the Rates before mentioned, have the preference of continuing therein before Ships or Vessels which do not come to un- load at the said new-intended Quay;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all empty Ships or Vessels, which shall at any Time be in such Floating-dock, shall make room and give way to a Vessel coming into the said Dock to unlade a Cargo, or any Part thereof; and that all such Ships and Vessels, as have not brought in a Cargo or Part of a Cargo to be unladen at the said Quay, shall make room and give way to any Vessel which shall have brought in a Cargo or Part of a Cargo to be unladen there, if the Owner, Master, or Commander, of such last: mentioned Ship or Vessel shall be desirous of continuing her therein; and if at any Time there shall not be sufficient Room for all such Vessels, as shall have brought in a Cargo or Part of a Cargo to be unladen, to continue- in the said Floating-dock, Aich empty Vessel as shall have been there longed shall leave the said Dock, in order to make Room for

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34- 537

such other Vessel *s shall, according to the Rule hereby established, be intitled to the Preference of continuing in the said Dock: And if any Owner, Matter? Commander, or Person having the Charge or Pentlty for aft-Care of any such Ship or Vessel lying in the said Floating-dock, shall act contrary to the Rules and Orders *"6 c°ntmr hereby established, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. erc

XXXII. Provided always, That no Ship or Vessel, which by this Act shall be obliged to be unladen ProvUb. at the said Quay, shall pay any Fee or Reward for opening the Gates in order to pals in or out of the said Dock.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced, or any Complaint made against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pur- Aaiont. fuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced, and Complaint made, within three Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the City and County of the City of Bristol% and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same mall appear to be so done, or that such Action or

Suit shall be brought or commenced in any other County pr Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant Treble Ceste. or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- Public Act« judged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justiceaf and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

1

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Adh

XT®®' housing Tar, a Farthing per Barrel per Week, and so in Proportion:

F For housing Pitch, Half the Price for housing Tar: *;

For turning Pitch and Tar in, a Halfpenny per Barrel, and the same Rate for turning out

For housing Rosin or Turpentine, Two-pence per Ton gross per Week, and so in Proportion!

For turning in Rosin or Turpentine, Four-pence per Ton gross, and the like Rate for turning oat, and so in Proportion:

4*For every Hundred square Feet of Ground (and so in Proportion for a less Quantity) which shall be oc- copied by any Kind of Plank not exceeding two Inches and a Half thick, Boards, or Staves, or any other Articles which shall be piled, Nine-pence per Week, and so in Proportion; and that over and above the Expence of piling, which is to be paid for by the Proprietor of such Goods:

4 All Rind of American Deals of irregular Lengths to pay Three-fourths of the above Rate:

4 For every hundred square Feet of Ground (and so in Proportion for a less Quantity) which shall be oc- cupied by Balks, Matts, Spars, and all Kinds of Timber, or by Plank of the Thickness of three Inches or upwards, and of the Length of twenty-five Feet or upwards. Sixpence per Week, and so in Proportion; and that over and above the Expence of placing away, which is to be paid for by the Proprietors of such Goods.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other; Deeds; and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Pmnbl*

assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies, which we have granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, in the most safe. easy, and expeditious Manner we are able, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an additional Rate or Duty of Twenty Shillings per Annum be raised, levied, An additional collected, and paid, for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafti with four Wheels, Duty of»o«. Chaifemarine, Chaise with four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, kept by or for any Person for his or her own Use, or to be let out Berlins, &c. to Hire (other than and except such Coaches and other Carriages as noware, or hereafter may be, li- except Hackney censed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches'); which said yearly additional CotchcK Duty of twenty Shillings shall from Time to Time be paid down by the Person or Persons keeping the same, in like Manner, and at the same Time, and be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the same Means and Methods, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Dine&ions, and Penalties, as the annual Duty of four Pounds, given and granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of the

S3*

-After July $> 1776, Stage, coachet to pay a Doty of 51. l«r Aon, c*du

Notice to be given, and Pay-lent made, agreeable -to Act io Geo. il.

A Chuse A£> ^exempting Persons from paying for more than fCartiaget, lapealed*

After Joly

1776, an additional Stamp-duty of 1 a. laid n all-indentures, Bonds, &c. heretofore liable to a Shilling Stamp.

After June *, *776* anaddi-t on*l Duty of i d. laid On every Pack of playing Cards, and !» #d. on every Pair of D ice, made for Sale*

After July 5, 17-6, an additional Duty of re Halfpenny laid.on every Sheet or Half Shnt of Newspaper.

The fold Duties

ta.be under the Management of the CommissionersofStamp-4«tics*

Commissioners may, provide a ew Stamp, to denote all the frvcxal D*ti:a.

C. 34. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.' A.D. 1776.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty feveraV Rates and Duties upon Coache sy and other Carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the Sum of one milliont, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties j is directed to be raised, levied, collected* and paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot* Calash with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with foqr Wheels, and Caravan, or by what* Name soever such Carriages noware, or hereafter maybe, called or know* that shall be kept by or for any Pfctfonor Persons as Public Stage-coaches, employed in carrying Patfengets fdt Hire to and from different Places within this Kingdom, (other than and except such Coaches and ^ther Carriages-as now are, or hefeafterimy be, licensed by the Commissioners for the Duties urifing by HackneyCoadres) ithe^ydarly Sum of five Pounds for every such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot,‘Cahih^with four Wheels* Ctoaife-marine, Chaise with four wheels, and Caravan* or by what Name soever foci* Carriages now bre, or' hereafter may be, called or known, so to be kept and employed as* aforesaid} which said Duty shall be* paid by the Person or Persons who keep the same. > n ,r*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pdffomor Persons; keeping-any fact*

Carriage or Carriages, so to be employed as Stage-coaches as aforesaid shall, from TiritetD^Tiifie, give like Notices, and make Entry and Payment in like Manner and under the ljkeRulesv Regulations; Means, and Methods, Directions and Penalties, as Persons keeping- Coaches and other Carriages /or theft- own Use, or to Jet out-to Hire, are, by the above recited Act, directed to do; any Law* Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. ' 1 f < ') T 1 *fi

-4

IV. And whereas, by the said recited Act; it was provided* That ho Person (hourld beobiiged to pay> 1 the yearly Sum of four Pounds for more tbait five foth Carriages, otvwhich the Duty Of four Pounds a c Year was thereby charged, to be kept by or for him or her, for his or for her ‘Ufeowyrjfbe^fcfeather eaafted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That*' firofrv and after ttwpafllifg of the said

Proviso, so rar as relates to the exempting such Carriages, being more than me in Namberr bf, and rtie fame is hereby repealed and made null and Vbid* - 1 1 "b +;

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after vte fifth Bay^ of Jetty

one thousand seven hundred and seventydix* there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suoceftors, the Rate and Duty following; (that is to say) For every Skin, of Piece of Vellum, or Parchment; or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Leafs, Bond, or other Deed; for which a Stamp-duty of one Shilling ia payable, by virtue of-an Act, made in the.thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, over and above all, other Rates and Duties by the said Act, or by any other Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Stam^-duty of one Shilling. < ' <. v

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day oflTfertr,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised* levied, collected* and paid; tmburhour the Kingdonvof Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and 8ucce(ToYS^ the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For every Pack of playing Cards, made fit for Sale or Use* in Great Britain* the oum of Sixpence, over and above the Duties now payable thereon; and faf and bpon every Pair of Dice, made fit for Sale or Use, m Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings and-Sixpence, over and above the Duties now payable thereon; such respective Duties to be paid by the Make* of such Cards and Dice respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of 3Wy*

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raised, levied, cellefted,' and paid, throughout* the Kingdom of Great Britain\ unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successore* the Slate and; Duty following; (.that is to say) For and Upon every Newspsmer, or Paper containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed \n Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the same be contained in Half a Sheet or any left Piece of Paper* or in any Paper largerthkn Half k Sheef,1 and not exceeding one whole Sheet; upon every Sheet, and Half Sheet thereof, over and above aft other Rates and Duties by any Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one Halfpenny. '

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,*That for the better avid more eflyftoal levying, collecting, and paying, all the said additional and new Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such new Stamps to be provided, to denote the said several additional Duties, as shall be requisite in that Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said several Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and-ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put* in Execution any former Law, concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on which* several Duties are, by several Acts of Parliament, imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Oun-raissioners, instead of the distinct Stamps directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp to be provided, to denote the said several Duties, and the Duty granted by this Act, on every-Piece of Vcllfcmoi Parchment, or Sheet of* Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties*.

A.D. 1776. Anno decima sexto Georgii III. C. 34.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum* Parchment, and Paper,

pliable to the Duty of one Shilling hereby charged* wall, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, before the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed upon, be brought to the Head Office for (tamping or marking Vellum* Parchment* and Paper \ and the said Commissioners, by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith upon Demand to them made by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act dircds, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum*. Parchment or Paper, as shall be so brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons so bringing the same, paying to the Receiver-general of the Stamp-ditties for the Time being, or hiY Deputy or Cleric* the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act which Stamp or Mark, to be put thereupon ia pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discha/ge for the Duty hereby payable for tho Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so stamped or marked.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before granted shall be paid from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the fe-veeal Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising* paying, and accounting for the same, being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer) for the Purpose herein after expressed, at such Time* and in such Manner, as any former Duties dn damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are-dire ded to be paid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Time being shall take care that the several Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from Time to Time, be sufficiently furnished with Vellum* Parchment* and Paper, damped and marked as by this Act is di-reded; to the End that the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors*. may have it in their-Election either to buy the dune of the Officers and Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners, at the ufital and mod common Rates above the said Duties, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment, or* Paper* to be damped and marked as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Price of such damped Vellum* Parchment, or Paper, shall be yearly fee, and such Price marked* and such Allowance made, on prefen*. Payment of the said Duties for any Quantity of the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so to be.(old, in fiidr Manned as by any former Law relating to damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as~the said Commif—

lionets tie hereby directed and authorised to provide and life, shall and may be altered and renewed* in* such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law, relating to* damped Vtllum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who shall hatret<ia4beir Cudody or Possession, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or* Mark which shall he so altered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a Stamp denoting v any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law relating to damped Vellum^ Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cases directed*

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge,-or procure, to be counterfeited and forged* any Seal, Stamp, os Mark, to resemble any Seal* Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any other Act of Parliament granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the foese^rwith an, Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties or shall utter, Vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or any Cards, Dice, or Newspapers, liable to any Stamp-duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark, knowing the fa me to be counterfeit j-or (halt privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark* directed or allowed to be used by this or any: other Act of Parliament relating to* the Stamp-duties, with Intent to defraud his Maiedy, his Heirs and Succedors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and befog thereof lawfully convictd, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall foffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Glaufea, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, prescribed or appointed by any, former Act-or* Acts of Parliament relating toebe Dirties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paperi cm which-any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed or to the Rates and Duties on Cards* Dice, and Newspapers, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the additional Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising* levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional'and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed* according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XVII. And whereas a fraudulent Practice has prevailed of felling Cards that have been already used in^ Play, calling the same Second-hand Cards, to the great Injury of the Revenue/ for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Person shall from and after the (raffing of this Act* sell or dispose of any Cards (by Way of Second-hand Cards) ii^Packs or Parcels, after the Wrapper* or Cover, in which the same have been inclosed and tied* shall have been broke open, unlefe he or she shall, before such Sale* mark the Back or plain Side of every painted or pidured Card* in such Manner as-to render the same unfit to be yfed in Play every Person so offending shall, for every Pack of Cards so foW, forfeit the Surp of five Pounds; to be recovered and distributed in the Manner directed by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting H bit Mtqefly an additional Duty on Cards and Diet.

XVIII. And,

539

After July 5.

1776, all Vrl. lum,&c. liable to the new Duty, to be carried to the Stamp-office, &c. be- fere it ia primcX or wrote on.

To whom the Du tie a art to b*r paid.

Commissionert* to furni/h the feYcrol Part* of the Kingdom with stamped Vellum, Parchment, &c. 1

The Price whereof to be settled yearly, A* -

Stamp* map be -altered and renewed, SUm

Any Person

counterfeiting1*-. Stamp, Sec,

or felling Parchment, Card*, Sece. marked there- -with,

shall suffer Death a* a Fe» Ion.

Power*, Penal-tier, and Forfeiture*, of former Acts, relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment; Stc. ap- % plicabh to tht*- ,

a a. *i

Any Person felling Card* to be played with, after the Cover haa been broke. open*. t

shall forfeit, for each Pack, 5 lr. -

54-0

Pfodtaee of the Duties to be carried to the Sinking Fund.

Preamble; reciting a Re sola-tion of the House of Commons.

All Persont who hare made De-po6ta, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, ire required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times Specified.

Contributors entitled to an Annuity of 3 per Cent, per Ann* from April 5, 1776.

600,000 L to be raised by a Lottery, to carry an Interest of 3 per Cent.

Subscribers to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance.

C. 34. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the said several and respective Rates and Duties, (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, and shall, for the Purpose aforesaid, be carried into, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XIX. And whereas the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that, to- wards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, the Sum of two millions shall be raised in Manner following; (that is to say) the Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, with an additional Capital in refoed of the same, in Manner herein after mentioned; and the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, attended with like Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum 5 and that every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of two millions, shall, in refoe& of every one hundred Pounds subscribed, upon Payment of seventy Pounds to the Cashier or Camiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, at the Times, and in the Manner, herein after mentioned, have, and be intitled to, the Principal Sum of seventy-seven Pounds and ten Shillings, in three Pounds per Centum Annuities, redeemable by Parliament, (making together, in the Whole, one million five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds) and, on Payment of the remaining Sum of thirty Pounds on every one hundred Pounds so subscribed, to three Tickets in a Lottery, to consist of sixty thousand Tickets, of the Value of ten Pounds each, amounting to six hundred thousand Pounds; and thar the Whole of the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds be distributed into Prizes, such Prizes to be converted into like three Pounds per Centum Annuities, as aforesaid: And whereas, pursuant to, and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in, the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the whole Sum of two millions, and made Depo- fits of fifteen Pounds per Centum, on the respective Sums by them subscribed, with the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who have made such Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (which Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby ap-

glinted the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had on that ehalf) to advance and pay, and they are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of two millions, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed in that Behalf; (that is to say) in respect of the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; the further Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the thirty-first Day of July then next following; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the tenth Day of September then next following; and the remaining Sum of twenty Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of October then next following: And in respect of the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds to be raised by Lottery, the further Sum of twenty-five Pounds per Centum, on or before the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; the further Sum of thirty Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the tenth Day of August then next following; and the remaining Sum of thirty Pounds per Centumj on or before the third Day of October then next following.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, and be intitled to, an Annuity, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon his, her, or their Part or Share in the oum of one million five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, being the Amount of the Capital of Seventy-seven Pounds and ten Shillings to be allowed to each Subscriber of seventy Pounds, as aforesaid, for one Quarter of a Year, from the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to the fifth Day of July following, to be paid and payable at the Bank of England, as soon after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, as such Contributors shall have completed his, her, or their Payments, towards raising the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds; and from thenceforth shall be paid by half-yearly Payments, in even and equal Portions, on the fifth Day of January, and die fifth Day of July in every Year.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds to be raised by a Lottery, and distributed into Prizes as aforesaid, shall carry an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, to commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and shall be paid by half-yearly Payments, in even and equal Portions, on the fifth Day of July, and the fifth Day of January, in every Year.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Aflfgn9, paying in the Whole of the Sums by them respectively to be paid, on account of their Contributions towards raising the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand rounds, at any Time after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and before the seventh Day of September following; or on account of his, her, or their respective Share in the said Lottery, for six hundred thousand Pounds, on or before the eighth Day of Augu/l next, shall be intitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of such Sum, so paid in Advance for completing his, her, or their Contribution respectively, shall amount unto, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 54

from the Day of completing the same, to the twenty-fourth Day of Ofltber one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, in respect of the Sum paid on account of the above-mentioned Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds; and from the Day of the a Sual Payment to the third Day of October one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, in regard to the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds to be contributed for a Lottery as aforesaid; such Allowance to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Monies to be contributed in pursuance of this Act, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed such Payment: And that all the Subscribers or Con- Subscribers t* tributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, paying in the Whole of the Sum or ^.Lottery, Sums to be by him, her, or them, paid and advanced, towards raising the said Sum of six hundred thou- whole of their sand Pounds by a Lottery as aforesaid, shall have Lottery Tickets delivered to him, her, or them, to the Subscription*, Amount of the Sum or Sums by them respectively subsenbed and paid for the Purchase thereof, at the Rate shall receive of ten Pounds for each Ticket, as soon as such Tickets can be conveniently made out. Tickets to the

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Go- Amotimthereof, vernor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received or shall receive any Part of the said B*nk?o give Contributions, towards raifuig the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, Receipts to Con* and six hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing, to every such tributon for Contributor, for all such Sum and Sums of Money lo received by him or them, and that such Receipts Money received* shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the fifth Day of December one w*!,ch thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and no longer: Provided always, that such Cashier or Cashiers castierto give shall give Security, to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Security, to the High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Ex- good Liking of chequer, for the public Use, all the Monies which he or they hath or have already received, and shall here- Commissionert after receive from Time to Time, of and for the said Sum of two millions, and for accounting duly for eftheTretfuiy; the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him and them reposed; and shall, from Time to and to pay all Time, pay all such Monies, as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within Monicireceive* five Days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to into the Excht* the due Course thereof, (deducing the reout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them, in pursuance of this Act) for which Sums so paid. Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three Commissionert

or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue send of the Treasury apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money, as shall be so paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's im^wered to Exchequer, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons ?

of Great Britain, in this present Session in Parliament. Cashier. 7

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accomptant- a Book to be-

general of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,\ for the Time being, a Book or Books provided in tb* lall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered $ which Book Accompti^ or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and j^ich Con!^ Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to, and inspeS* without tributors Names any Fee or Charge; and that the said Accomptant-general shall, on or before the fifth Day of July one shall be fairly thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said entered, &c. Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contributors only paying their Such Contribo-Contribution-monies, at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, and their re- ton only, who speSive Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and beki- p*ytheir Contri-thled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy^ their proportionable Share of the said Annuities ,cco^r°to this of three Pounds fer Centum per Annum, by this Act granted, and shall have good and sure Interests and Aa/intided to Estates therein; subject nevertheless to Redemption, as is herein after mentioned; and that all the An- hive their Share nuities by this Act granted shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever: Provided of Annuities, always, That in case any such Contributors, who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to, *c. Money ptid the said Cashier or Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums to be by them respectively contributed or paid, towards the said Sum be forfeittdt# of two millions, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and the Public, pay, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Residue of the Sum or Sums so to be contributed or paid, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned; then, and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sum or Sums as shall have been actually paid, in Part thereof, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; and all Right and Title to the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished \ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, as soon as any Contributors, their At soon at Coo* Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed their Payments of the Whole Sum tributort ba?« payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, the completed their-principal Sum or Sums so by them subscribed and paid respectively, together with the additional Capital of *yrrcfnI.V seven Pounds and ten Shillings for every seventy Pounds by them advanced and paid, shall forthwith be, &c"tobeTii

in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, the Book* ri>r Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, completing such Payments respectively; and the Persons to whose Bank, pUced to Credit such principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or thoir Credit. Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England\ and such Sums shall carry an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per

Annum,

54-2 34*

Anno clecimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Annuities gritted by this Act charged upon the linking F*nd,

'Mtnagen and

Directora of the Xottery to be appointed by the Treasury.

"Me hod of Lot* jtery Books.

Annum* and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Annuities by this Act granted and made payable, in re(pest of the said Sum of two millions, together with the additional Capital thereto, shall, from the respective Commencements thereof, be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the Montes which shall from Time to Time arise, and be in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus-monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed, by any former Alts of Parliament, to be paid out of the same.

XXIX. And, for estab!i(hing a proper Method for drawing the said Lottery,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commimoners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury*for the Time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be Managers knd Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do, and perform, all such other Matters and Things, as are hereafter in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers aHd Directors shall meet together, from Time to Time, at some publick Office or Place, for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns; and, upon the innermost of the said three Columns, there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets, to be numbered one, two, three, and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression, where the common Excess is to be one, until they rife to and for the Number of sixty thousand; and upon the middle Column, in every of the said Books, shall be printed sixty thou* .(and Tickets, of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and, in the extreme Column of the said Books, there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number 'with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets (bail severally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Mana-

fers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think moil safe and convenient; and that every "icket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon, (besides the Number of such Ticket) Words or Figures to this Effect:

Ti4cet«

Manager t to

examine the Books with the Ticket*, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt Tor the Came*

Cashiers to return the hooks, with the undif. posed i ickets.

with an LcouBt of Monies paid

U ndisposed Tickets to be delivered m o the Exchequer.

LOTTERY, Anno One thousand seven hundred and T seventy-six.

#THE Bearer of this Ticket will be intitled to such beneficial Chance as shall belong thereto, in the

* Lottery tote drawn in pursuance of an Act made in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign.'

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them so present, shall carefully examine all the said Books, with the Tickets therein, and take Care that the same be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same Books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, taking from such Cashier or Cashiers an Acknowledgment in Writing, under his or theuL Hand or Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Book or Books, and so many Tickets therein,*s shall be delivered to him or them respectively, that so the said Cashier or Cashiers may be charged to answer ten Pounds for every one of the Tickets in the extreme Columns which shall be delivered to him or them, or for so many of them as he or they shall not deliver back to the said Mariagers and Directors; and all and every such Cashier or Cashiers respectively is and are hereby directed and required, upon his or their Receipt of every or any entire Sum of ten Pounds, in full Payment for a Ticket, from any Person or Persons respectively contributing or adventuring, as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to cut out of the said Book or Books, so to be put into his or their Custody, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, indentwise, in the said extreme Columns, such Tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered to the several Persons intitled thereto, as aforesaid; which Tickets the said Cashier or Cashiers shall (ign with his or their own Name or Names, and he or they shall permit the respective Person or Persons so intitled, if it be desired, to write his, her, or their Name or Mark on the corresponding Tickets in the same Book or Books; and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers ‘shall deliver to such Person or Persons the Ticket or Tickets so cut off, which Tie, (he, or they, are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and securing the Interest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall or may have in the said Fund.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers, on or before the sixteenth Day of Octobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, shall redeliver to the said Managers and Directors. at their said Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not have cut out of the same, and delivered to the Persons intitled thereto, as aforesaid; and shall then and there also deliver to the said Managers and Directors a true and just Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers by or for the Tickets delivered, or to be delivered out, pursuant to this Act, and how the same, and how much thereof, shall have been actually paid, by such Cashier or Cashiers, into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Purposes heiein mentioned; and that the said Managers and Directors, or the major Parc of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the Tickets of the f.iid outermost Columns, which shall not have been delivered to the Contributors and Adventurers, as aforesaid, (if any such be) to be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Cash, to be issued, fold, and disposed

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 543

of, for railing Money for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, as any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the high Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge reasonable and fitting.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the fnajor Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets of the middle Columns, in the Books made out with three Columns, as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them by or from the said Cashier or Cashiers, as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up, and made fast with Thread or Silk; and the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their Presence, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will be there, cause all the said Tickets which are to be so rolled up and made fast, as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwise through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter

(A) 5 which is presently to be put up into another strong Box, and to be locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Directors, and sealed with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until the said Tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the Tickets in the first or innermost Columns of the said Books shall remain still in the Books, for discovering any Mistake or Fraud (if any such should happen to be committed) contrary to the true Meaning of this Act.

XXJUII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other Books, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns; and upon the innermost of those two Columns there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets; all which shall be of equal Length and Breadth, as near as maybe; which two Columns in the said Books shall be joined with some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost Tickets may be cut off indentwise; and that nineteen thousand nine hundred and ninety-two Tickets, Part of those to be contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be and be called The Fortunate Tickets, to which Benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned: And the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said Fortunate Tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner following; (that is to say) Upon two of them severally, twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of three of them severally, ten thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of five of them severally, five thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of twelve of them severally, two thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of twenty of them severally, one thousand rounds Principal Money; upon every one of fifty of them severally, five hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of two hundred of them severally, one hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of six hundred of them severally, fifty Pounds Principal Money; and upon every one of nineteen thousand and one hundred of them severally, twenty Pounds Principal Money: Which principal Sums so to be written, or otherwise expressed, upon the said Fortunate Tickets, together with one thousand Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first-drawn Ticket upon each of the first three Days of the Drawing of the said Lottery, and one thousand Pounds Principal Money to the Owner of the last-drawn Ticket, over and above the Benefits which may happen to belong to the four last mentioned Tickets, or any of them, will amount, in the Whole, to the Principal Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, to be converted into Annuities by virtue of this Act in respect to the said Lottery: And the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said Tickets contained in the outermost Columns of the said last mentioned Books to be, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indentwise, through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter

(B); which Box shall be put into another strong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and sealed up with their Seals; or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets shall also be drawn in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and sealing the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six Days immediately preceding the Day by this Act appointed for the Drawing the said Lottery: And, to the End every Person concerned may be well assured that the Counterpart of the same Number with his or her Ticket is put into the Box marked with the Letter (A), from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some public Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of putting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the End that such Contributors or Adventurers as shall be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, on or before the thirteenth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes, with all the Tickets therein, to be brought into the Guildhall of the City of London, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, by Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day; and shall then and there severally attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said Tickets to be severally taken out of the other two Boxes in which they shall have been locked up; and the Tickets or Lots in the respective innermost Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Contributors or Adventurers as will be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well (haken and ming'ed in each

Tickets of the middle Column* to be rolled up, and hfttned with Thread or Silk;

and cutoff indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A),

Box to be locked up, and sealed.

Books to be pre^ pared with two Columns, on each of which 6o,oco Ticket* are to be printed*

The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets.

10001. toeadf

first drawn Ticker of the first 3 Days, and iccol. to the last-drawn.

Tickets of the outermost Co-lumnsof the last mentioned Book to be rolled up and tied.

Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes.

Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 13, 17

Method to be observed in Drawing, etc.

S44

Number of the Fortunate Ticket?, and the Sums, to be printed.

Disputet to be adj oiled by the Managers* Penalty on forging Tickets, etc.

Felony*

Offenders (rot in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to T' reive a Pafdon, a; d 5© 1. Rc*rd,

Proviso*

Manager! to be fwoin.

C. 34. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Box distimffly, some on« indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed by the said Managers, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid pur, and one other indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said nineteen thousand nine hundred and ninety-two Fortunate, and forty thousand and eight Blank Tickets, shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number as well of the Fortunate as the Blank Ticket shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn, with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall both be put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets, then the principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a Cleric, which the said Managers, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums whereunto they shall be intitled respectively, and two of the said Managers shall set their Names as Witnesses to such Entries; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another File; and so the said drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and tiling the same, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in such Method as is before mentioned, until the whole Number of nineteen thousand nine hundred and ninety two Fortunate Tickets, and one more for the last-drawn as aforesaid, shall be completely drawn: And as the same cannot be performed in one Day's Time, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day, and so from Day to Day, and eve^y Day, (except Sunday% Chrijhnas-day> Thanksgiving and Fast Days,) and then open the same, and proceed as above, until the said whole Number of nineteen thousand nine hundred and ninety-two Fortunate Tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn, as aforesaid; and afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the Fortunate Tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the Property thereof.

XXXV. And, to the End the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what Degree they have been so,* be it enacted, That the said Managers shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Drawing is over, cause to be printed and published the Number of the Tickets drawn against ea^h Fortunate Ticket, and the principal Sum written on the same; and if any Contention or Dispute shall arise in the adjusting the Property Of the said Fortunate Tickets, the major Part of the said Managers agreeing therein shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or aftift in the forging or counterfeiting any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or any former Act, made for establishing any Lottery or Lotteries, or alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any such false,| altered, forged, or counterfeit Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeit Ticket* Certificate, or Order, or any such Ticket, Certificate, or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure or Word therein, shall have been altered (knowing the same to be such), to the said Managers, or any of

them, or to the Cashier or Cashiers or Accomptant-general of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsover, with a fraudulent Intention; or shall willingly aid, aber* assist, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences, as aforesaid;

then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person or Persons, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And the said Managers and Directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised, required, and impowered, to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, assisting, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, or be aiding, abetting, assisting, hiring, or commanding any Person or Persons therein, shall afterwards (being out of Prison) discover any one or more Person or Persons who already have, or hereafter shall commit, or be aiding, abetting, or concerned, in any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, so as such Person or Persons so discovered be lawfully convicted of the frnc, such Discoverer shall have, and is hereby intitled to, his Majesty's most gracious Pardon for such his or her Offences; and, moreover, shall be intitled to a Reward of fifty Pounds, lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offender so convicted; to be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, or any other the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, immediately upon such Conviction as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no At« tainder for any the Offences aforesaid shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, loss of Dower, of

Disherison of Heirs.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his acting in such Commission (except the administering the Oath immediately herein-aftor mentioned), shall take the Oath following; that is to say,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34.

54-5

I A.B. as a Manager and Director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an Act of Parliament,

made in the sixteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me; and that I will not (ife any indirect Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any indirect Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or f ortunate Lot therein, for myself, or any other Person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my Endeavour to prevent any undue or sinister

Practice to be done by any Person whatsoever; and that I will, to the b< ft of my Judgment, declare to whom any Prize, Lot, or Ticket, of Right does belong, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act/

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other Managers and Directors.

XXXIX. Provided always, That it shall and mny be lawful to and for the said Cashier or Cashiers, having given Security as aforesaid, at any Time or Times before such Cashier or Cashiers shall have received any Book or Books for the said Lottery from the said Managers, comprehending the said sixty thousand Tickets in three Columns as aforesaid, to receive from the said Contributors or Adventurers, or their Executors, Administi ators, Successors, or Assigns, the Monies to be by them respectively paid on account of the said Lottery, at one entire Payment, or in such Proportions and Manner as aforesaid, before such Cashier or Cashiers shall have received such Book or Books; and the said Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Note or Receipt, undei his or their Hand or Hands, for the Sum or Sums so paid; and shall be obliged thereby, and by this Act, to give the Bearer of cvciy such Note or Receipt a Ticket or 1'ickets, of the extreme Column of the three Columns Book or Books aforesaid, for every ten Pounds so contributed, paid, or answered, as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto, by Delivery of any such Book or Books to him or them from the said Managers as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor or Adventurer as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down to such Cashier or Cashiers, a Proportion of his, her, or their Consideration-money towards the said Lottery, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, do not advance and pay unto such Cashier or Cashiers the remaining Part of his, her, or their Consideration-money, so to be paid in full.for such Ticket or Tickets, on or before the Times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that then, and in every such Case, every such Contributor or Adventurer shall forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the Use of the Public, the Proportion of his, her, or their Purchase money, which he, she, or they, shall have so paid down as aforesaid towards the Lottery; and in such Case, no Ticket or Tickets shall be delivered out by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Contributor or Contributors, Adventurer or Adventurers, making such Default, but the Ticket and Tickets which should have been delivered to them respectively, had they paid the full Money for the same, shall be returned and delivered to the said Managers and Directors by the said Cashier or Cashiers, together with the other Tickets (if $my) in the outermost Column of the Book and Books first herein-mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of as aforesaid; and such Ticket and Tickets, upon and for which Defaults of Payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, with other the said undisposed Tickets (if any), there to be retained and kept as Cash, and to be ifltied, fold, and disposed of for the Purposes and in the Manner herein-before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed Tickets; and the said Contributor and Contributors, Adventurer and Adventurers, making such Default, shall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of the Money which he, she, or they, shall have paid for or towards the Purchase of such Ticket or Tickets; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Monies to arise by the Contributions to the said Lottery, or out of any other the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the high Treasurer for the Time being, to reward the said Managers and Directors, and the Clerics and Officers to be employed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and maybe any-ways employed in this Affair, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the high Treasurer for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall fell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, for a Day, or Part of a Day, or for a longer Time less than the whole Time of drawing the Lottery then to come; or shall receive any Money whatsoever in Consideration of the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, in case any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery shall prove Fortunate; or shall lay any Wager relating to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, either as to the Time of such Ticket or Tickets being drawn, or whether such Ticket or Tickets be drawn Fortunate or Unfortunate; and all and every Person and Persons who shall offend in any of the said Matters, shall forfeit and pay Treble the Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been received by such Person and Persons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ in which noEfloin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; *Moiety whereef to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other M«icty to be

The Oath'.

Cashier may receive the Sums subscribH before receiving the Lottery Book;

g'vine a Note for the same j wh ch shall entitle the Hearer to a Ticket for every 10 1. so paid.

Contributors not making goad their Payments within the Times limited,

forfeit their Depots with respect to the Lota-texy;

and the Ticket* for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer,

Limitation of the Sale of Chances, &c.

Penalty

546

Office keepers,

*c. felling Shares in Tic* Jccis of *hich they are no! possessed, forfeit 500 1. and suffer 3 Months Imprisonment#

Offences committed in Ireland against At\% for preventing unlawful Lotteries, mad: punishable. Penalties may he sued for in Dublin.

Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates*

Managers to give Kotice of the Times for such Exchanger

Certificates to

he numberedr

Books to be kept f<Nr entering the Name* of Persons bringing Tickets to be exchanged, &t,

Certificates to be signed, &c.

Accountant-general of the Bank to give Credit to the Persons named in Certificates for Sums therein mentioned} which may be assigned; and shall carry 3 per Cent, interest, &c.

CoTemor, &c. of the Bark to appoint a Chief Cashier and Accountant-general.

Monies to be iffied at the Exchequer the Chief C^thier, for Payment of Annuities cre-Wcd by this Act.

C. 34. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same 5 and every such Sale, Wager, or Contra&, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall keep any Office or Offices, or shall print or publish any Scheme or Proposal for receiving any Sum or Sums of Money in Consideration of any Interest to be granted for the same in any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, whereof such Person or Persons shall not then, and at the actual Time of drawing such Ticket or Tickets, be possessed, or in Consideration of any Sum or Sums of Money to be repaid, in case any Ticket, or Number of Tickets, in the said Lottery, which shall not then, and at the actual Time of drawing the said Ticket or Tickets, be in the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall prove Fortunate or Unfortunate; all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and also shall suffer three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprise.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offence against this Act, or any of the Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom, for preventing private and unlawful Lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment, to be inflicted in like Manner as if the Offence \V2S committed in this Kingdom; and that such Penalties as by this Act, or any of the said Acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall, in case of Offences committed against this Act, or any of the said Acts, in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

XLV. And, to the End that all and every the Payments upon the Fortunate Tickets may be more easily ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the Persons who shall be and become intitled thereunto/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, as soon as conveniently may be, after the Drawing of the said Lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the said Tickets to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for Certificates, to be signed by such of the said Managers as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Managers as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint, to take in the said Fortunate Tickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall, as soon as may be, give Notice by Advertisement, to be printed and published in Manner as they shall think fit, of the Days and Times for taking in the said Fortunate Tickets, and delivering out of the said Certificates for and in lieu of the same; and every Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to their bringing their Tickets to the Managers so to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which Purpose such Manager shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose, the Name of every Person who shall bring any such Fortunate Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Fortunate Ticket or Tickets which shall be so brought, the Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord, when the same was so brought; which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned 10 peruse; all which Certificates shall be signed by the Managers so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the Accountant-general of the Bank of England for the Time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accountant-general of the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall* upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept, for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign or transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, whatsoever, in Books to be prepared and kept by the said Accountant-general; and the said Principal Sums so assigned or transferred shall carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock, transferable by virtue of this Act, until the Redemption thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Accountant-general of the Bank of England for the Time being i6 hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates as they shall from Time to Time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, testifying the Principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said Book or Books, by reason or means of the Certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled, as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XLVIII. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of* all the Annuities established by this Act/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall, from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum^ shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in- the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant-general *, and that so much of the Monies, by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments herein directed to be made out of the said Monies, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, and&obtained

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34.-

tained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities, payable by virtue of this Act; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued, shall, from Time to Time* without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and lender his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accountanr-general for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all Persons who shall be intitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be pollefTed thereof as of a persons d Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment, by the Custom of London or otherwise, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to which any Person or Persons shall become intitled, by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, together with the additional Capital of seven Pounds and ten Shillings, in respect of every Sum of seventy Pounds, making in the Whole the Principal Sum of one million five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and the Principal Sums to be determined by the drawing of the said Lottery, to be attended with Annuities after the like Rate, shall be added to the joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, into which the several Sums, carrying an Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were by several Acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, and several fubkquent Acts, converted, and shall be deemed Part of the said joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament in such Manner, and upon such Notice, as in the said Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, is directed, in respect of the several and respective Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that ail and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money tx> which he, she, or they, shall become intitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant-general for the Time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, and also all Assignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, shall, at all seasonable Times, be entered and registered* which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers* or, if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorised in Writing, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witneues; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law,

LII. Provided also, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in either of the said Stocks of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, till so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate, or Interest, in the said Stocks of Annuities, be entered in the said Office; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate, or Interest, in the said Stocks of Annuities, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns; and that no Stamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, out of the Monies arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of two Millions, any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such Incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have Power to make, out of the Fund hereby established, or out of the Sinking Fund, such further Allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities, payable by virtue of this Act; and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Accountant-general, for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labour, of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Comp any of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of ail or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, till all the Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ter Centum per Annum, by this Act granted, shall be redeemed by Parliament, as aforesaid; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reaibn of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this

547

Accountant general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities deemed personal filiate*

All Monies, to which any Per-Cons Hull be intitled by this Act, to be addeT to the joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank; and to carry an Interest of 3 per Cent.

Books to be kept by Accountants general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced' on this Act. Method of transferring*

Persons possessed of Stock may devise the same by Will, &c*

Transfers not subject to Stamp-duties.

Commissioners of the Treasury to discharge all incident Charge* attending the Execution of this Act.-

The Bank to coptinue a Cooi-pany till Redemption of th*: Annuities,

54-8

No Fee to b*, tilceo fot receiving or paying Conttibu-t'On-mouies, or for issuing Receipts, on Penalty of *ol.

Central I Hue,

Treble Cofie.

Ifoamble.

Boundaries of the fix Stems lcertaioed.

Poles to be e-re£)e6, to distin-euilh the Boun-mriu of some of the Stems.

C 35, 36. Anno decimo sexto (jBorgi! III. A.D. 1776.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Monies for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pur-fiiance of this Act, upon Pain that any Offender, or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise* then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXV.

'An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six. 1,500,000l.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard-fishery carried on withia

the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall.

WHEREAS a Pilchard-fishery hath for many Years been carried on in the Bay of Saint Ives, in thar County of Cornwall, and the carrying on and Improvement thereof is of great Importance to this Nation, by increasing the Trade and Navigation thereof, and being a Nursery for Seamen, and otherwise a Means of employing and providing for a Number of industrious poor People: And whereas the said Fishery hath hitherto been conduced and carried on according to, and regulated by, certain Customs or Regulations which have from Time to Time been devised by the Fishermen and Fishcurers concerned and employed in the said Fishery, which by mutual Consent have been observed and complied

with; several of which Customs or Regulations are by Experience found proper to be strictly observed

and continued in Force; and others improper to be any longer pur filed or observed: And whereas of late Years the Number of Adventurers in the said Fishery, and the Craft employed therein, hath been greatly increased, and in several Instances many of the aforesaid Customs or Regulations, which are raoft propter to be observed, have been infringed and disregarded, and several unwarrantable Practices have been introduced into such Fishery, and used by the Fishermen employed therein, whereby great Lodes and Inconveniencies have happened to divers Persons, and the said Fishery hath been muen prejudiced:

4 For Remedy whereof, and for the better Preservation of the said Fishery, and for preventing the (idling within the said Bay of Saint Ives with unfizeable and improper Nets, and for ascertaining the Times and Seasons, and Manner of fishing, within the said Bay, and for the regulating the said Fishery, and re- forming Abuses therein5' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the fix several Stems or Stations for taking Fish within the said Bay of Saint Ives respectively, called or known by the Names of Carrick Gladden, The Poll, The Leigh, Porthminster, Pedn Olver, and Carrick Leggoe otherwise Cam Crotvze Stems, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be deemed and taken to be bounded and limited in Manner herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say. The Carrick Gladden Stem is to be unlimited towards the South, and towards the East, and to extend towards the North as far as the Marks or Boundaries herein after directed to be set up and erected in Porth Repta River; The Poll Stem is to extend towards the North from the said Marks or Boundaries in Porth Repta River aforesaid, as far as the North Side of a certain Hedge or Fence, being the fourth Fence from a House called The Signal-house, on Porthminster Hill, to the Southward of the said House 5 The Leigh Stem is to extend towards the North from the End of The Poll Stem, according to the Boundary herein before mentioned, as far as the Carrick Rock opposite Porthminster Point 5 the Porthminster Stem is to extend towards the North from the said Carrick Rocky as far as the Marks or Boundaries which are already fixed and erected on the Banks of Porthminster River; the Pedn Olver Sten\ is to extend towards the North from the said Marks or Boundaries on the Banks of Porthminster River, as far as the South Corner of the Church-yard in the Town of Saint Ives; and the Carrick Leigoe or Earn Crowze Stem is to extend towards the South from the aforesaid South Corner of the said Church* yard, and to be unlimited towards the North.

II. And be it further enacted, That within the Spare of one Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, Poles, or other proper and sufficient Marks, shall be erected and fixed up in Porth Repta River, and the other Places aforesaid, for the better distinguishing and ascertaining the Exrent, Boundaries, or Limits, of fuel of the said fix several Stems or Stations, for taking Fish within the said Kay of Saint Ives, as terminate at or are bounded by the several Places last herein before mentioned; an 1 also that the Expences Of erecting such Poles, or other proper and sufficient Marks, and keeping up and maintaining the same, shall now, and at all Times hereafter, be paid and borne by all the Partnerships or Companies that now sre

549

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Gepugu III.

C. 36.

or hereafter shall be concerned in the said Pilchard-fishery within the said Bay of Saint Ives, in proportion to the Number of Seynes they respectively do or shall employ therein,

III. And whereas the present Method of Boats holding Turns or Stems upon the said several Stems 61 Stations, without any Limitation in Point of Time, is found to be very prejudicial to the said Fishery ;* be it therefore further enacted, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Jitney which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all Stems or Turns, or Times of Fishing upon the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall commence at the Hour of Twelve at Night, and be determined or end at the Hour of Twelve in the following Night, unless the Boat or Boats holding or keeping such Stem or Turn, Stems or Turns, do in the mean time (hoot or cast: out into the Water her or their Seyne-net or Seyne-nets; and that each and every Boat that shall take Turn upon, or take Possession of, any of the said fix several Stems or Stations, in the Manner herein after particularly mentioned, shall successively, in the Turn or Order in which they have severally taken their Turns or Stems upon the said Stations, have the Benefit and Advantage of fishing within the Limits of such Stem or Station, from the Time the same Turn or Stem shall be taken until the Hour of Twelve in the succceding Night, subject to the Restrictions herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Order and Manner of taking the Turns of Fishing, commonly called taking Stems upon the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall be as follows; that is to say. The Boat taking Turn or Stem mud have on Board five Men at the least, a sufficient Seyne net, with Warp-rope and Tow-rope of the Dimensions herein after specified and particularly mentioned; and to intitle any Boat to a Turn or Stem, and the Benefit and Advantage thereof, the Warp-rope of the Seyne-net belonging to such Boat is to be landed at the aforesaid several Stems or Stations within the several Difiances following; that is to say, At Garrick Gladden Stem the Warp-rope is to be landed between Garrick Gladden Point and the Limits of the said Stem in Porth Refta Rivsr aforesaid; at The Poll Stem, The Leigh Stem, Porthminster Stem, and Pcdn Olver Stem respectively, the Warp-rope may be landed at any Place within the respective Limits of the aforesaid several Stems or Stations herein before described; and at Carti Croivze Stem the Warp-rope is to be landed at any Place ^within the aforesaid South Corner of the Church-yard in Saint Ives and a Rock called Merrany northward of the said Church-yard; and that all the said Turns or Stems are to be taken by landing such Warp-rope, and not otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Tuck-net, commonly used in tucking or taking up Fish out of the Seyne-nets, shall intide any Boat to, take or hold a Turn or Stepi upon any of the aforesaid (pc several Stems or Stations.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid several Turns or Stems, when taken by landing the Warp rope as aforesaid, shall be registered in Manner following; that is to say, One of the five Men who shall be in the Boat at the Time such Turn or Stem is taken, or the Hewer for the Seyne or Matter Seyner in the said Boat, shall, the same Day on which such Turn or Stem is taken, or before the Hour of Eight in the Forenoon of the next Day, bring a List or written Account of such Turn or Stem to the Person herein after appointed to receive the same; in which Lift or written Account shall be inferred and set down the Name of the Seyne-boat, the Time when, and upon which Stem or Station such Turn or Stem was taken* and the Names of the five Persons employed in taking such Turn or Stem; which Lift or written Account shall be registered in a Book by the Person or Clerk appointed for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Turn or Stem, not registered in the Manner and within the Time herein before for that Purpose mentioned, shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall register, or cause to be registered, any Boat or Boats, as having taken any Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, within the Time and in the Manner herein before particularly mentioned, and it shall afterwards appear, either that such Boat or Boats was or were not intitled to take such Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, or that such Boat or Boats did not take such Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, in the Manner* within the Time, and wirhin the Limits, herein before for that Purpose particularly mentioned and provided* and in the Lift or written Account of such Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, particularly mentioned and set down; then, in every such Case, on Information being given thereof on Oath, before the Mayor of the said Borough of Saint Ives for the Time being, or any Justice of Peace of the said Borough of Saint Ives, and on such Person being convicted of such Offence, either on his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnds or Witnesses, before any such Justice as aforesaid, the Person guilty and convitfted of such Offence, and the Owner or Owners of the Boat whose Turn or Stem is fofalfely registered, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the several Sums herein after mentioned; that is to Fay, The Owner or Owners of such Boat, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Person guilty of such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the (hooting of every Seyne-net or Nets, or calling the same into the Water, shall put an End to or determine the Turn or Stem, Turns or Stems, of the Boat or Boats out of which such Seyne-net or Nets shall have been (hot or cast out into the Sea; and that whenever any Boat Or Boats, holding the first or any other Turn or Stem upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall have (hot off her or their Seyne-net or Seyne-nets, then all and every other Boat and Boats upon such Stem or Station shall take their Turns of Fishing thereupon, according to the Order in which they respectively took their Turns or Stems upon such Stem or Station; and also that in case any Boat holding the first or any other Turn or Stem upon any of the fix several Stems or Stations, shall be absent from such Stem or Station at the Time the Fish begin to appear within the Limits of such Stem or Station, then all and every other Boat and Boats, then holding Turn or Stem upon the said Station, shall take their Turns of Fishing thereupon, according to the Order in which they respectively took their Turns upon such Station, until such Boat so quitting or being absent from such Station shall return to the same* and thereby regain hei Turn or Stem thereupon, which such Boat is hereby authorised to do*

Time of continuing upon the Stems limited.

The Manner of taking Stems, and what intitles a Boat thereto.

No Tuck-net to intitie a Boat to take Stem.

Time and Manner of registering the Turns of Stems.

Stems not registered to b« forfeited. Penalty for making false R*» giltcr.

Boats quitting a Stem, others to succeed according to Order* Sec,

55°

Any Boat taking a freth Turn, after having 4Hot her Seyne-net, &c.

Owner to for feit io U

Stems at Earn Crowxe, Pedn Olver, and Porthminster, to be forfeited by going to the Southward of Porthminster Station, Ac* Stem to be forfeited by landing the Warp-rope in another Station.

Dimensions of the Seyoes, Tow-rope, and Warp-rope.

'Seyne to be moored only with forty Fathoms, and Seyne-anchort to have but one 'Flook.

Clerk, or Re-g.fter, by Warrant, may enter any Boat to measure the Warp-ropes and Mooring^ropes, &c.

Expences of meafciring, how to be paid.

Penalty on ob-

flru£>ing the Entry of the Clerk, &c.

C. 36. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Boat, that hath taken Turn or Stem upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, within the Time and according to the Directions herein before for that Purpose limited and $>iven, shall have (hot put her Scyne-net, such Boat shall not take any fre/h Turn or Stem upon any other btem or Station, until her said Seyne-net so (hot as aforesaid shall be taken out of the Water; and in case any Boat, having (bother Seyne-net as aforesaid, shall take any fresh Turn or Stem upon any other Stem or Station, before her said Seyne is taken out of the Water, the Owner or Owners of such Boat shall, upon Conviction of such Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, and the Turn or Stem so taken contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act shall be void, and no Benefit or Advantage had or taken therefrom; but that all Fish that shall be taken by such Boat and Seyne shall belong to and be the Property of the Owner or Owners of the Bolt and Seyne intitled to such Turn and Stem.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Boats, holding or having taken Turn or Stem (within the Time and according to the Directions herein before for that Purpose limited and given) at Earn Crotvze, Pedn OIvery or Porthminster Stems, shall pass the Limits of Porthminster Stem or Station to the Southward, with a Seyne-net on Board, every such Boat shall forfeit the Turn or Stem which (he thentofore had upon either of the aforesaid several Stems and Stations of Earn Crowze, Pedn Olvcr, and Porthminster; and also, that if any Boat or Boats, holding or having taken Turn or Stem upon any of the said fix several Stems or Stations, within the Time, and according to the Directions herein before for that Purpose limited and given, shall land or put on Shore the Warp-rope belonging to her Seyne-net, within the Limits of any other Stem or Station than that upon which such Boat or Boats had originally taken Turn or Stem, the Turns or Stems first taken by such Boat or Boats shall be forfeited thereby.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Dimensions of the Seyne-nets, to intitle any Boat or Boats to hold or take a Turn or Stem as aforesaid, shall be as follows; that is to say. Every such Seyne-net is to measure one hundred and eighty Fathoms at the lead at the Cork-rope of such Seyne, and to have one hundred and forty Fathoms (Part of the said one hundred and eighty Fathoms) Cod or Dungawon Mdb, and to measure nine Fathoms at the lead at the Beam or Bunt, and fix Fathoms at the lead in Depth, ac the Poles or Ends of the said Seyne (each of the said Fathoms to be computed after the Rate of five Feet to the Fathom), and to have a Tow-rope not less than eighty Fathoms, and a Warp-rope not less than three hundred and twenty Fathoms, each of the said last mentioned Fathoms to be computed after the Rate of fix Feet to the Fathom.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Mooring*rope to be bent or fattened to any Anchor, and used in mooring any Seyne-net or Nets, within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall exceed forty Fathoms in Length, to be computed after the Rate of fix Feet to the Fathom ;* and that all Anchors to be used in mooring Seynes, within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall have one Flook only; and that if any Seyne shall hereafter be moored, within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, with any Anchor having two Flooks, or with any Rope longer than forty Fathoms, to be computed after the Rate aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of every such Seyne, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of* ten Pounds for every such Offence.

XIV. And, for the better discovering if any Warp-ropes or Mooring-ropes of an improper Length, and contrary to the Directions herein before in that Behalf given, are made use of by any Persons cm- ployed in the said Pilchard-fishery, within the Limits of any of the said fix several Stems or Stations be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person for the Time being appointed Clerk or Register to the said Fishery, in Manner hereafter mentioned, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of Peace as aforesaid (who is hereby required and directed from Time to Time to issue such Warrant, at the Reaued of any Owner or Owners of any Seyne-net or Nets employed in the said Fishery desiring the same) 5 and all Persons who shall be specially named in such Warrant, at any Time to enter into any Seyne-boat employed in the said Pilchard-fishery, within the Limits of any of the said fix several Stems or Stations aforesaid, and then and there immediately to measure all or any of the Warp-ropes and Mooring-ropes belonging to any Seyne-net or Nets then on board such Boat (unless such Seyne-net or Nets shall happen to be at that Time in the Water; in which Case the said Clerk or Register, and the other Persons named in such Warrant, are hereby authorised and directed to remain on board such Boat, until such Seyne-net or Nets shall be taken out of the Water, and then immediately to measure all or any of the Warp-ropes and Mooring-ropes belonging to the same), and report the exact Lengths of the said Warp-ropes or Mooring-ropes, or such of them as shall be then measured, to the Justice of Peace granting such Warrant as aforesaid, in order to convict or acquit the Person or Persons charged with such Offence: And it is hereby directed, that the reasonable Expences, for the Time and Trouble of the said Clerk or Register, and the Persons specially named in such Warrant, employed in taking such Admeasurement, to be settled by the Justice of Peace granting such Warrant, shall be paid and borne by the Owners of the said Seyne-net or Nets, if the Warp-ropes or Mooring-ropes, or any of them, belonging to such Net or Nets, shall appear to be of an improper Length, and contrary to the Directions herein before in that Behalf given, over and above the Penalty herein before annexed to such Offence; or otherwise by the Person at whose Request such Warrant was granted and issued.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder the said Clerk or Register for the Time being, or any of his Assistants named in such Warrant, from entering such Boat or Boars, or in m^afuring all or any of the Warp-rop:s or Mooring-ropes of the Seyne-net or Nets belonging to such Boat or Boats, the Person or Persons so offending the rtin shall, for every such Offence, 4 forfeit

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 36. 551

forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, on Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible WitttfK or Witnesses, before the Justice of Peace granting such Warrant as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be a proper and sufficient Buoy and Buoy-rope made Fall to every Anchor which shall be used in mooring any Seyne-net or Nets within the Limits of any of the said fix several Stems or Stations, so as to point out and discover all and every such Anchor and Anchors during all the Time that such Seyne-net or Nets shall remain in the Water; and in Default thereof, the Owner or Owners of every such Seyne-net or Nets so moored, within the Limits aforesaid, by any Anchor or Anchors without a sufficient Buoy and Buoy-rope fattened thereto, shall, upon Conviction of such Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for any Anchor used in mooring such Seyne-net or Nets, without having a sufficient Buoy and Buoy-rope made fast to the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Boat or Boats, having any Seyne-net or Nets on Board, shall remain or be left at Anchor, 9r be moored or fattened within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, without five Men at least on Board such Boat or Boats, the whole Time that the same remains or remain at Anchor, or be moored or fattened as aforesaid; and that if, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of "June one thtfufand seven hundred and seventy-seven, any Boat or Boats, with any Seyne-net or Nets on Board, shall be left or found at Anchor within the Limits aforesaid, without five Men at the least on Board such Boat or Boats respectively, the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Boats shall, upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit, for every such Offence, such Sum of Money as such Justice shall think fit and adjudge, not exceeding ten Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Warp-rope of every Seyne-net shall be landed or brought on Shore before the Boat, having such Seyne-net on Board, is put off to Sea to (hoot her Seyne; and that if any Boat, having a Seyne-net on Board, shall be put out to Sea before the Warp-rope of her Seyne net shall be landed, the Hewer or Hewers of such Boat and Seyne shall, upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Fish shall be taken by such Boat, all such Fish shall be forfeited to the Owner or Owners of the Boat then next in Turn, upon the Stem or Station within the Limits of which such Offence is committed, having her Warp-rope on Shore.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Warp-rope of the Seyne-net belonging to the Boat intitled to the first Turn or Stem, upon any of the said fix several Stems or Stations, shall be landed before any other Boat, which may have put out to Sea, shall have shot out ope End or Part of her Seyne, it shall and may be lawful for the Hewer of the Seyne, on Board the Boat so intitled to the first Turn or Stem* to forbid the other Boat from shooting her Seyne; and if such Boat shall shoot her Seyne, notwithstanding such Forbiddal, then and in such Case all the Fish which shall betaken by her shall belong and be forfeited to the Owner or Owners of the Boat so intitled to the first Turn or Stem; and the Owner or Owners of the Boat, from which the Seyne-net shall be so shot after such Forbiddal as aforesaid, shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XX. Provided always, That if such last mentioned Boat or Boats shall have shot out any Part of her or their Seyne before the Warp-rope of the Seyne belonging to the Boat intitled to the first Turn or Stem is* landed, then, and in such Case, the Hewer of the Seyne on Board the Boat, intitled to such first Turn or Stem, shall have no Right to interrupt or forbid the Persons belonging to such other Boat or Boats as aforesaid from proceeding in shooting out the Remainder of their Seyne.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Boat, having or holding a Second or other Turn or Stem upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall be put out to Sea, until the Boat intitled to the first Turn or Stem upon that Station shall have shot out all her Seyne, or shall desist from (hooting out the same; and that if any Boat, holding Second or other following Turn or Stem upon any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, shall be put out to Sea before the Boat intitled to the fbft Turn or Stem upon such Station shall have shot her whole Seyne, or, having begun to shoot, shall desist: from shooting the same, the Hewer or Hewers of such Boat shall, upon Conviction of such Offence, by the Oath of one or moie credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and if any Fish shall be taken by such Boat or Seyne, all such Fish shall be forfeited to the Owner or Owners of the Boat and Seyne then intitled to the first Turn or Stem.

XXII. And whereas it frequently happens, that, after Fish are within the Limits of any of the said fix several Stems or Stations, and the Boat then holding Turn or Stem upon some one of such Stations hath begun to shoot out her Seyne, the Fish start back or pass into the Limits of one of the next Stems or Stations be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for every Boat, which hath begun to {hoot her Seyrte when the Fish were within the Limits of the Stem or Station upon which {he held or was intitled to Turn or Stem as aforesaid, to continue to shoot out the Remainder of her Seyne in the adjoining Stem or Station into which the said Fish shall go or pass.

XXIII. And be it further enacted* that when any Seyne-net shall be Ihot within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, such Seyne-net may be worked or haled through the Limits of any adjoining Stem or Station, and brought to a convenient and proper Mooring-place, and moored and secured within the Limits of any of the said fix several Stems or Stations for the Preservation of the said Seyne, and the Fish inclosed therein.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if more Seyne-nets than one shall happen to be in the Water at the same Time with Fish inclosed in each, the Owner or Owners of the Seyne which there shall be Occasion to moor, after the first Seyne hath been moored, shall be at Liberty to moor the said Seynes together, fattening the Cork-rope of the one Seyne-net to the Cork-rope of the other, provided there be not

Every Anchor used in mooring to have a sufficient Buoy and Buoy-rope;

on Penalty of lot.

Penalty on leaving Boats at Anchor without five Men on Board.

Penalty on putting a Boat to Sea, &c» before the Warp-rope is landed.

Regulations for shooting the Seyne.

[Proviso.]

Second Boat not to put to Sea till the first Boat hath ihot her Seyne*

When Seyne u partly ihot in one Stem, the Remainder may be ihot in the adjoining Stem, if the Fish go thither.

When Seyne is ihot, it may be worked through and moored in any other Stem.

Two Seynes may be moored together, with Anchors on the

55*

North and South Sides of such Seyncs.

When the Anchors of the outermost Seyncs drive, the Owners of such Seynes to replace the Seyne.

One Anchor to the Bunt of every Seyne.

Seyne that it first moored to attend the mooring of every other Seyne*

Penalty for cutting oft* any Rope belonging to Seyncs, &c.

Proviso, relating to Vessels going into or out of Harb'jur.

Times for (hooting the S ynes upon the several Stems or Stations.

C. 36.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

less than ten sufficient Mooring-anchors put out on the Southern Sleeve or Side of the Southermost Seyne* net, and no less than ten fufRcient Mooring-anchors on the Northern Side or Sleeve of the Northermost Seyne-net: and if the said Owner or Owners of the said Southern or Northermost Seynes shall neglect to moor their respective Seyne-nets with ten sufficient Mooring-anchors as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners guilty of such Offence shall, upon ConvidUon thereof, by the Oath of one or moie credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds for every such Offence

XXV. And whereas, when more than two Seyne-nets are moored together, it may frequently happen, by the Violence of the Tide or otherwise, that the Anchors of feme of the outermost of the said- Seyne-nets may drive or start, or the Mooring-ropes belonging or fastened to such Anchors may part or

break, by Means whereof the Sides of the inner Sevne-net or Nets may be forced too near tc gether, so as

to endanger the Loss of the Fish enclosed therein;9 be it therefore further enacted, That in all such Cases the Owners of such cutermost Seyne-net, whose Anchors shall drive, or Mooring-ropes part, act aforesaid, shall, upon Notice being; given to any one of such Owners, or to the Hewer of such Seyne or Matter Seyner thereof, immediately assist and fend one Boat, manned with five Men at the lead, to replace the said outermost Seyne in its proper Birth or Station again; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to afford such Assistance as aforesaid, the Owners or Matter Seyner of the inner Seyne-net or Nets, so in-Danger of losing their Fish as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty to replace such outermost Seyne into its proper Birth or Situation, and the Owner or Owners of such outermost Seyne neglecting to afford such Assistance* as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of one Pound to the Owner or Owners of the said inner Seyne-net or Nets, for and towards the Expence of replacing the said outermost Sevne-net as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Bunt or Middle of every Seyne-net in which Fish shall be irtclosed shall be moored with one sufficient Anchor at the least, when such Seyne shall be haled into her. proper Birth, and there moored on the Sleeves or Sides as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Seyne-net with Fish inclosed therein shall be moored within any Cove or Birth, and it shall be necessary to moor any other Seyne-net or Nets in the said Cove, the Owner or Owners or Hewer of the Seyne so first moored shall send out a Boat, manned' with four Men at the least, to attend the Mooring of such other Seyne-net or Nets, to see that the Seyne first moored shall receive no Damage by the haling in or mooring such other Seyne-net or Nets in the said Cove; and in case the Owners of the Seyne first moored shall neglect to send out such Boat, so manned as aforesaid, the Owners of such other Seyne-net or Nets shall not be answerable for any Damage to be done, or which shall happen by haling such other Seyne-net or Nets into a proper Birth in the said Cove and Mooring there.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, either by Day or Night, wilfully and maliciously cut or cast off, or cause to be cut or cast off, any Warp-rope, Tow-rope, or Mooring-rope, of or belonging to any Seyne or Thwart-net in the Water, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut, break, or destroy, any such Seyne or Thwart-net in the Water, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut, cast off, or unbend, any Cable, Hawser, or other Rope, either fastened on Shore, or bent to any Anchor then used for mooring any Ship or Vessel, which shall be lying in the Pier or Harbour of Saint Ives, for the Purpose of loading Fish, or any other Ship or Vessel whatsoever which shall be lying in the said Pier or Harbour, or shall wilfully cut, cast off, or unbend, any Hawser or Rope fastened on Shore, or bent to an Anchor then used for mooring any Boat whatsoever lying within the said Pier or Harbour; then, and in any of the said cases, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and transported to one of his Majesty's Plantations Abroad, for seven Years, or shall be committed to Frifon for an* Time not exceeding three Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or Court before whom such Offender shall be tried; and any Indictment for such Offence shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined, in any adjacent County, within that Part of Great Britain, in such Manner and Form as if the Fadts had been therein committed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons on board any Boat, Ship, or Vessel, coming into or going out of the said Pier or Harbour of Saint Ives, from cutting or catting off any Rope or Cable, where it will be necessary to be done for the Safety of any such Boat, Ship, or Vend.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That although the Turns or Stems are herein before appointed to be held from the Hour of Twelve in one Night to the like Hour of Twelve in the following Night, yet the Time of (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of the said fix several Stems or Stations shall commence and end at and within the several States of High and Low Water, upon the said several Stems or Stations respectively, herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say, The Turns or Stems for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of Garrick Gladden Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of Half Flood, and end at the Time of Half Ebb of the Tide upon that Station; the Turn or Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of The Poll Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of a Quarter Flood, and end at the Time of threa Quarters Ebb of the Tide upon the last mentioned Station; the Turn or Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of The Leigh Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of three Quarters Ebb, and end at the Time of one Quarter Flood of the Tide upon the said last mentioned Station; the Turn or Stem for (booting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of Porthminster Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of two Hours Flood, and end at the Time of four Hours Ebb of the Tide upon the said last mentioned Station; the Stem or Turn for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of Cam Crowze Stem or Station, shall begin at the Time of three Quarters Ebb, and end at the Time of one Quarter Flood of the Tide upon the find last mentioned Stem or Station; and within the Limits of

Ptdu

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 36.

Pedn Olver Stem or Station, the Seyne-nets may be (hot at all Times or States of the Tide: And that if any Seyne-net or Nets shall be (hot within the Limits of Carrick Gladden, The Polly The Leigh, Forth-minster, and Garn Crowze Stems respectively, before or ^fter the several States of the Tide at which the Turns or Stems for (hooting the Seynes are herein before particularly directed to commence and end at the said five last mentioned Stems or Stations as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners or Hewer of every such Seyne shall, upon Conviction, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds: And if any FiQi shall be taken in consequence of any Seyne-net or Nets (hot contrary to the Directions herein before given, all such Fish shall be forfeited to such Person or Persons as any two of the Justices of the Borough, on hearing the Parties, and Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, if necessary, shall order and direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commencement and End of the aforesaid several Turns or Stems of (hooting the Seyne-nets, within the Limits of the said Carrick Gladden, The Polly The Leigh, Porthminster, and Came Crowze Stems respectively, shall be declared and made known by the hoisting of a Flag, or (bine other proper Signal, at the Beacon-house on Porthminster Hill, by a Person herein after appointed for that Purpose.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the Turn or Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of Carrick Gladden Stem or Station, by the Boats upon that Station, shall be at an End, at (he State of the Tide upon that Station herein before for that Purpose mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Boat or Boats, having or holding Turn or Stem upon The Poll Stem, to (hoot her or their Seyne-net or Nets into the Limits of Carrick Gladden Stem, until such Stems shall again commence, according to the Directions herein before for that Purpose given; and also that when the Turn or Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of Carrick Gladden and The Poll Stems respectively, by the Boats upon the said last mentioned Station?, shall be at an End, according to the Directions, and at the States or Tl imes of the Tide upon those Stations herein before for that Purpose given and mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Boat or Boats, having or holding Turn or Stem upon the Leigh Station, to (hoot her or their Seyne-net or Nets into the Limits of Carrick Gladden and The Poll Stems respectively, until The Poll Stem shall again commence, according to the Directions herein before for that Purpose g:ven; and also, when the Turn or Stem for (hooting the Seyne-nets within the Limits of the Porthminster and Cam Crowze Stems respectively, by the Boats upon the said last mentioned Stations, shall be ac an End, according to the Directions, and at the States of Tide herein before for that Purpose given and mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Boat or Boats, having or holding Turn or Stem upon the Pedn Giver Station, to (hoot her or their Seyne-net or Nets into the Limits of the said Porthmirjler and Cam Crowze Stems respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, upon the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Partnerships or Companies, Concerned in the said Pilchard-fi(bery within the said Bay of Saint Ives, (each Partnership or Company duly authorising, in Writing, some one Person to vote for each Company or Partnership) to elect and appoint some fit and proper Person to be their Clerk or Register, for the Purposes herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say. To receive all the Lifts or written Accounts that shall be brought to him of Turns or Stems for (idling, to be from Time to Time taken by the Seyne-boats in Manner aforesaid, and to enter the same Lifts and Accounts in a Book to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, and to give a Certificate thereof; and also, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall be and require, to measure the Gurries or Vessels used in the Division of the Pilchards brought home from the Seyne-net or Nets, and all the Seyne-nets, Warp-ropes, Tow-ropes, and Mooring-ropes, belonging to any Seyne-net or Nets, made use of within the said Bay of Saint Ives; and to examine whether the Anchors used in mooring such Seyne-nets have more than one Flook each; and also, at the several States or Times of Tide when the Turns or Stems for (hooting the Seyne-nets are herein before directed to commence and end at the Garrick Gladden, The Polly The Leigh, Porthminster, and the Cam Crowze Stems as aforesaid, to give, or cause to be given, a Signal or Signals from the Beacon-house upon Porthminster Hill, by the Hoisting of a Flag or Flags, or otherwise, as shall from Time to Time be fixed and agreed upon by all the several Companies or Partnerships for the Time being concerned in such Fishery; and that on the twenty-fifth Day of March m every Year, there shall be paid, to the Person for the Time being appointed Clerk or Register to the Companies concerned in the said Pilchard-fishery as aforesaid, as and for his Salary, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Time and Trouble in attending to and transacting the several Matters and Things herein before intruded to him as aforesaid, the clear Sum of fifteen Pounds; such Salary to be raised and paid by all the Partnerships or Companies for the Time being concerned in the said Pilchard-fishery, in Proportion to the Number of Seyne-nets they shall respectively employ therein.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Clerk or Register, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall at any Time hereafter receive any Sum or Sums of Money, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, from any Person or Persons, to prevent, delay, or hinder any Prosecution, or compound for, or wilfully conceal, any Offence to be committed contrary to this Act, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Clerk or Register shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and be forthwith dismissed from his said Office or Employment, and rendered incapable of ever again being re-ele&ed thereto, or re-instated therein.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Person so to be elected and appointed Clerk or Register as aforesaid, shall not upon any Pretence whatsoever, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, have, hold, or enjoy, any Share or Interest whatsoever in any Boat or Seyne-net employed in the Pilchard-fishery within the said Bay of Saint Ives; nor 2& or be employed as a Hewer or Hewers, Seyner or Blowfer, to any Person or Persons concerned in the fai J

553

Owner* of Seyne*, (hooting at improper Time*, to forfeit 20l. f«r each Offence.

Commencement, See, of /hooting the Seynet to be made known by a Signal.

At what Timet the Boat* having Turn on one Stem, may /hoot the r Sejme-n t» withm the Limit* of another Stem.

Regl/ler to be appointed j

Hit Doty,

and Salary,

Penalty on Register receiving Bribes, &c.

Register not to

be interested in the Pilchard-fishery, &c.

SS4

Penalty on filling for Hook-fish, &c. between July *5, and December 25.

Penalty en Boats not keeping within 20 Fathoms of the Shore, between July *5, and December 25.

Gurries to be measured and marked;

a Penalty cf

it. It.

Partner ships may alter the Size of Curries,

Penalties and Forfeitures bow to be recovered tnd applied.

If sufficient Distress cannot be found, Offender to be committed.

c. 36. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Pilchard-fishery; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Companies or Partnerships for the Time being, concerned in the said Pilchard-fUhery, (or Jot the Majority of them, each Paruiership-. deputing one Person to vote for each Partnership) from Time to Time hereafter, as they shall see fit, to remove and dismiss the Person to be appointed Cleric or Register to the said Fiftery on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousami seven hundred and seventy-seven, or any future or other Clerk or Register, from such Station or Office; and thereupon, in his Place and Stead, to appoint and elect some other fit Person to be Clerk or Register to the said Pilchard-fishery, with such Salary, not exceeding the Sum of fifteen Pounds, as the said Companies or Partnerships, so eleding such Clerk, or Register, (halD think fit to allow and appoint.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day of July, until the twenty-fifth Day of December, in this present and every succeeding Year, no Person or Persons shall fish for any hlook-fiffi, or (hoot or lay any Boulter or Ground-tackle for taking Fish, or make use of any Trawling-net or Nets, within the Distance of one thousand Fathoms from the Shore, any where within the Limits of the -aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations; and that every Person offending herein shall, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness of Witnesses, before Aicfe Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every such Offence.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Boats, which shall have Occasion to pass. an d< rep a fs within the Limits of the aforesaid fix several Stations, between the twenty-fifth Day of July and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, shall, during such last mentioned;Space of Time, keep within the Distance of twenty Fathoms from the Shore; and that if any Boat or Boats, between the twenty-fifth^ Day of July and twenty* fifth Day of December, in passing and repassing within the Limits of any of the aforesaid fix several Stems or Stations, to and from the Harbour of Saint Ives, shall not keep within the Distance of twenty Fathoms from the Shore, every Person on Board such Boat shall, upon Conviction of every such Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every such Offence.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Gurries or Vessels to be used by every Company or Partnership for the Carriage or Division of Pilchards taken from the Boats that shall bring home the Pilchards from the Seyne, shall be all of the following Size or Dimension 5 that is to say, hirty Inches in Length, twenty-one Inches in Breadth, and nineteen Inches deep; and that all such Gurries or Vessels' shall, before they have been used, be measured and maiked in some conspicuous Place or Part thereof by the Clerk or Register for the Time being, who shall put, or cause to be put, the initial Letters of the Names of the Owners thereof; and that if any Person or Persons shall make use of, or attempt to make use of, any Gurry or Gurries, or Vessel or Vessels, that hath or have not been measured and marked by the said Clerk or Register, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons observing such unmarked Gurry or Gurries, Vessel or Vessels, to seize the same, and carry such unmarked Gurry or Gurries, Vessel or Vessels, before the Mayor of the said Borough of Saint Ives for the Time being; and -if the same shall, upon View or Examination thereof, appear to be unfizeable, contrary to the Directions herein before given, or unmarked by the said Clerk or Register, the Owner or Owners of such Gurry or Gurries, Vessel or Vessels, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one Guinea for every such unmarked Gurry or Gurries, Vessel or Vessels, and the same shall be immediately broken and destroyed.

XXXIX. Provided always, That if, at any future Time or Times, it shall be thought proper to make any Alteration in the Size of the said Gurries or Vessels, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Partnerftilps or Companies for the Time being, concerned in the said Pilchard-fishery, from Time to Time, on the twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, as often as they shall think proper, (one Person being duly authorised to vote for each Partnership as aforesaid) to make such Alterations in, and Regulations relating to, the Size a/iJ Dimensions of the said Gurries, as to the said Persons so deputed to vote as aforesaid, or the Majority of them, shall seem meet; and that, after every such Alteration and new Regulation, and so long as such Regulation shall continue in Force, all the Gurries to be used in the Carriage or Division of the said Fish shall be of the Size and Dimension9 so from Time to Time pointed out and directed, and shall also be measured and marked before they are used, in such and the same Manner as is herein before directed.

XL. And, for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred*

4 by Disobedience to this Act, and for disposing of the said Forfeitures where no particular Provision is f made herein/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said Borough of Saint Ives for the Time being, and for any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, on the Conviction of any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Forfeiture not being paid, to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals respectively, to any Peace Officer or Peace Offiqers within their respective Jurisdictions, impowering him or them to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender or Offenders for the Sum to be levied by any such Warrant, and to cause such Goods and Chattels, after five Days from the Distress taken, to be appraised and fold, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deduding the Forfeiture, and Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owners or Owner; which Charges shall be ascertained by the Justice of Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted; and that one Moiety of all such Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall go and be paid to and for the Use of the Poor within the said Borough of Saint Ives: And if sufficient Distress or Distresses at any Time cannot be found, wherefrom the Money, which shall be forfeited by any Offender or Offenders against this Act, can be levied on his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, then, and in any such Case, every such Offender or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, be apprehended, if he, she, or they, can be found, and be committed to the House of Correc-6 tion

A.D. 1-77 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 36

555

Tofticei for die County, in certain cases, may put this Act in Execution.

Hows Major or' Justice* to proceed, in case Offender eTeapot into another County, 6oc+

tion for the said Borough of Saint Ives, thete to remairi and be kdpt to hardXahour fbf dny Time not exceeding three Months, as such Justice shall order, drileffe the Money, Which shall be forfeited by such Offender or Offenders, shall be sooner paid.

XLI. And whereas it may happen that the Mayor and Justices of the said Borough of Saint Ives may c be interested in the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by Disobedience to this Act/ be it therefore enacted, That, in all such cases, any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Cornwall shall have the like Jurisdiction, and the like Power and Authority, as by this Act is gfiven to the Mayor or any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Saint Ives.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That, in case any Person or Persons, against whom any Warrant or Warrants shall be issued by the said Mayor or Justice of Peace, either before or after Conviction as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of such Person granting such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender, convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, thin where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress granted, it (Ball and may be lawful for the said Mayor or Justice of the Peace so granting such Warrant or Warrants, or any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, into which such

Person or Persons shall escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his, her, or their Goods and Chattels shall be; after such Conviction 5 and they, and every of them, are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand-writing of the said Mayor or Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant; and the same, when so indorsed, shall be-a sufficient Authority to all Peace-officers to execute such Warrant or Warrants in such other County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant ot Warrants; and the said Mayor and Justices respectively, or any of them, as the Case shall happen, after indorsine the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before the said Mayor or Justices, or any one of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, direct the Offender to be carried to the Person who granted the said Warrant or Warrants, to be dealt with according.-to Law.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be puniftxed for any* Offence against this Act, unless a Prosecution shall be commenced against him or them for the same within two Months after every such Offence shall be committed; and that, where any Person or Persons shall be committed to any House of Correction for Default of Payment, or for Want of sufficient Distress being met with to answer any Penalty incurred by any Offence against this Act* and shall remain there during the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, no such Person or Persons shall be liable afterwards to be prosecuted again for Non-payment of such Money forfeited.

XLIV. Provided also, That the Mayor of the said Borough of Saint Ives for the Time being, and any. Small Perta!t!e*-Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be brought and convicted of any Offence against this may bemiti-Act, shall and may, from Time to Time, as he or they shall see Occasion, mitigate any of the Penalties Slted* under the Sum of ten Pounds hereby inflicted; and every such Mitigation shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person offending for so much of the Penalty under the Sum of ten Pounds as shall be so mitigated.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor of the said Borough of How justice* to Saint Ives for the Time being, and the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Person shall be con- proceed lorCon- -vifted by virtue of this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the viaionofOf-Effect following; (that is to say) fender*.

Pfofeentrone ter * be commenced within 1 Month* after Offencea-committed.

7 c DE it remembered, That, on this Day of in the Year of the Reign

Towir, S* U of ? is convicted, before [Mayor of the Borough of

Saint Ives, one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of or Borough

or City of as the Case shall happen to beJ for and do adjudge him, her,

4‘ or them, [as the Case shall be J to pay and forfeit the Sum of

4 Given under* my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above said.'

XLVI. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Conviction of any Justice of the Peace for the Borough of Saint Ives, for any Offence committed against this Act, to appeal to the next General or Quarter Section to be holden for the Borough of Saint Ives; and for any Person or Persons, who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Conviction of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Cornwall, for any Offence committed against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cornwall, at the next General or Quarter Sessions; the Person or Persons so appealing, first entering into a Recognizance, in double the Sum of Money forfeited, before such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, to pro--fecute such Appeal with Effect, and abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal, and giving eight Days Notice in Writing of every such Intention to appeal to the Party or Parties on whose Prosecution any such Conviction was made: And the Justices of the said Borough and County, as the Case shall happen to be, are hereby authorised and required, in their next General Quarter Session after any such Appeal shall be made, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal; and to make such Order, and to award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and for levy, by their Order pr.Warrant, the Costs which shall be so awarded, together with such Money as th^y shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the same;' and for Want of sufficient Distress, to commit the Party or Parties

to*

Form of Conviction.

Persons agener— ed may appeal (» ihc Quarter Sessions,

who may heir*

and determine. the Matter of such Appeals -

5 56

Ttiur Order to be final. Limitation of AlUons.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Public Act.

[Preamble.]

AO 13 Go. Ill, reciteU.

Certain Quantities of Wheat, Bifid, &c. allowed to be exported from London, Bristol, Liver po le, and Glasgow.

Certain Qnan-titiea of Biscuit and Peife allowed to be exported to New-loundland, &c. for the Benefit of the Fishery, from the Ports herein after mentioned.

C. 37. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

to the common Gaol or Prison for the said Borough of Saint Ives, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Calendar Months, unless the Money, which shall be adjudged to be forfeited, as well as the Costs ordered to be paid, shall be foonet paid; and such Order of such Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions, shall be final, and shall not be removeable by Certiorari or otherwise.

XLVII. Provided likewise, and be it also enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought within six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place, in which such Offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear To to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find fur the Defendant or Defendants; an i upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall be paid Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for Recovery of the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have in any Case to recover his, her, or their Costs by Law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act For allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Heknay and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleury and Labrador, and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, (Inti* tuled. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corns) whenever the rrices of certain Species of British Corn or Grain exceed the Prices therein limited, the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.is prohibited under certain Penalties in the said Act mentioned, except in particular Cases allowed by that and several subsequent Acts of Parliament: And whereas certain Quantities of Wheat, 4 Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, which were allowed to be exported to the British Sugar Colonies in America, for the Snftenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, and certain Quantities of Biscuit and Pease allowed to be exported to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there, by two several Acts of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one intituled, An Act to allovj the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to his Majestys Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the rroviftom of an An, made in the la ft Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,") allowing the Exportation of fVheaty Mealy Floury Rve9 Barley, or Malt% to the Islands of Guernsey and Terfey, to Breads

Biscuit and Pease \ and to allow the Exportation of all the said A> tides to the Island of Alderney; and the other intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the Britishi Fishery there; have been rendered insufficient by the Inter- ruption which has been given to Trade, and the Troubles and Disturbances which are still subsisting in many of the Colonies in North America, and the Inhabitants of the said Sugar Colonies, and the British Subjects carrying on the Fishery at Newfoundland, and at other Parts in Americi7, may be put under

great Difficulties and Distress at this Time, without farther Supplies from this Kingdom May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to (nip and export, from the Ports of London, Bristol, Liverpoole9 and Glasgow only, any Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal; that is to say. Not exceeding in the Whole, from the Port of London, fifty thousand Quarters; from the Port of Bristol twenty thousand Quarters; from the Port of Liverpoole9 twenty thousand Quarters; and from the Port of Port Glasgow9 ten thousand Quarters; at any Time or Times before the First Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies: And that it shall and may be lawful to ship and export Biscuit and Pease, out of and from the several Ports in this Kingdom herein after mentioned, to the several Places herein after named, for the Benefit of the British Fishery carried on in those Parts, so as the same do not exceed the several Quantities respectively limited to those Places, any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say)

From the Port of London,

To the Island of Newfoundland, two hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.

—To Nova Scolia> two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.

—To Bay

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 37. 557

Chaleur, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Labrador, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Bristol,

To Newfoundland\ two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.—To Nova Scotia, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Bay Chaleur y one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Labrador, cne hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Poole,

To Newfoundland, three hundred Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Nova Scctia% one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Bay Chaleur, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease.— To Labrador, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Dartmouth,

To Newfoundland, three hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and three hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

—To Nova Scotiay one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

—To Bay Chaleur, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

—To Labrador, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

From the Ports of Topsham and Tingmouthy within the Port of Exeter, not exceeding in the Whole from both Places,

To Newfoundland\ four hundred Tons of Biscuit, and six hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Nova Scotia, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.--To Bay Chaleur9 two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.—To Labrador two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two* hundred Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Liverpoole9 To Newfoundland, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and thirty Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Weymouth, To Newfoundland, sixty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and twenty Quarters of Pease.

From the Port of Chester, To Newfound/andy one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred and twenty Quarters of Pease.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled,'. c An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn) it was (among other Things) enacted, That nothing therein contained should extend to prohibit the Exportation from the Port of London, to the Island of Saint Helenay of any Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, not exceeding*

five hundred Quarters in the Whole, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants thereof, under the Restrictions and upon the Conditions therein mentioned: And whereas the said Quantity of five hundred Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, is not sufficient for the necessary Use and Consumption of the said Island of Saint Helenay and for the United East India Company's Settle-

ments in the East Indies be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Eift Ind>a Com* passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said United Company to export annually from Great Britain foVxport^"^ to the said Island of Saint Helenay Bencoolcny and to their Settlements in the East Indies, or any of them, nUaiiy 1000" any Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, not exceeding one thousand Quar-' Qmtm of ters in the Whole, under the Restrictions and upon the Terms and Conditions in the said recited Act vvW, Flour, provided and contained, as respecting the Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, thereby allowed to be *c: *!om 9r?at exported to the said Island of Saint Helena j any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary. Hcl thereof notwithstanding. coolen,'&c.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Articles The said Arti-exported as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject to the like Securities at the respective Ports c,e# t°be subjea from whence they are exported, that the same shall not be landed or sold in any Parts whatsoever other corit^&r^n than the respective Places for which the same shall be entered and declared for Exportation, and in all rY^uarion/at other respects not altered by this Act shall be liable to such and the like Rules, Restrictions, and Regula- dirrtUd by Act tions *. and the Persons granting or making any false Certificate, or counterfeiting,*erasing, or falsifying any 14 Geo. III. Certificate, or knowingly publishing such Certificate so counterfeited, erased, or falsified, shall be subject to the same Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said recited Acts made in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and applied, in the Manner directed by those Acts.

IV. And whereas his Majesty, by an Order in Council, bearing Date the thirtieth Day of Junehft,

was pleased to order that a Quantity of Biscuit, not exceeding one thousand Tons, should be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleury and Labradory from the Date thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of July following, which Time was afterwards prolonged by his Majesty's further Order in Council, bearing Date the eleventh Dav of August last; and his Majesty, by another Or- der in Council, bearing Date the twelfth Day of July last, was pleased to order that two hundred Tons of Biscuit should be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, from the Port of Liverpool; and also that

fifty Tons of Biscuit, and one hundred Quarters of Pease, should be allowed to be exported from the Port of Weymouth \ and likewise two hundred Quarters of Pease from the Port of Poole; which said Or- ders could not be justified according to the drift Forms of Law, and yet were so much for the Service

of the Public, and so necessary for the Safety and Preservation of his Majesty's Subjects in those Parts,

that the same ought to be justified by Act of Parliament > and all Persons advising, acting under, or in

7 4 Obe-

L.

55 s

CUufe for indemnifying all Persons advising or cx^t nting certain Orderi of Council for allowing Exportation of Biscuit, &c.

lP;e*n:Wc,

Alphabetical Lifts to be made out of Hrifoneis in Custody for Debt on Jan.is, 1776, or since that Date 5 '

with the Time when charged, and at whose Suit.

Lift* to be delivered to the Quarter Seftiona. Warden of the Fleet, &c. to take an Oath cn delivering in

Lift?*

The Oath.

C. 38. Wnno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.T). 1776.

4 Obedience to the same indemnified ;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who have or shall have acted or done any Thing in advising or executing the said Orders of Council, or touching or concerning the same, or relating thereto, shall be and are hereby saved h3rmless, discharged, acquitted, released, and indemnified in that Behalf, as well against: the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons; and all Suits and Proceedings for any Manner of Thing discharged by this present Act, shall be utterly void and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases.

WHEREAS many Persons, by Losses and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by Sea or Land, yet are detained in Prison by their Creditors,

or have been forced to go into foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such unhappy Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of public Compassion, and, by several Acts of Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned; for the Relief, therefore, of Insolvent Prisoners and Fugitives*, who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act, to be respectively ob- served by them, and faithfully discover upon Oath, and deliver up and assign all their Effects and Estates whatsoever, for the Benefit of their Creditors, and to prevent, as far as possible, the many Frauds and

Abusesi which, in a great Measure, have obstructed the good Ends of such Acts;' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, in any County* Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, who, upon the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, was or were, or at any Time since have been, under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, Nand at the Time of making out every such Lift shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, upon any Procefe whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt or otherwise; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged ia Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet* and MarQial of the King's Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath, in the open Court of such General Quarter Section of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to say)

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and 4 A declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inferred and contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of 4 [infen the Name of the Prison], at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also, that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said Lift, now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have,

since the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, been coir.-4 mitted or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of [ insert the Name of the Gaol or Prison, J

4 at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except such Person or Persons who is or are in such Lift particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged*

or removed to some other Prison, by Process of Law, since the said twenty -second Day of January* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also except such Person or Persons, who is or are in such Lift particularly mentioned and described to have been permitted to have gone out of the said Prison, by Day-rules of the Court of [Common Pleas, or King's Bench, as the Case shall be], since the said twenty- second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to transact their Affairs; and also except such Person or Persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and described to have, ' 4 upon the said twenty-second Day of January* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or since*

been in the Rules of the said Prison of the [Fleet, or King's Bench, as the Case fall be,] by Leave of the [Warden or MarQial of the said Prison, as the Case fall be]; and have, to the bed of my Know- ledge and Belief, really and truly, ever since, continued and remained in actual Custody in the said Prison, of the [Fleet, or King's Bench, as the Case fall be], or the Liberties thereof, at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons in the said Lift respectively mentioned; [and if any Prisoner or Prisoners hath or havey since the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six* efcoped out of either of the said Prisons, then insert], except [infer t the Name or Names of the Pri-

1 foner or Prisoners who have escaped]> who* wUhQUtmy Knowledge, Privity* or Consent, hath or have

escaped

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38.

escaped out of the said Prison of and that the said Lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just Lift of all such Persons who were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said twenty-second

4 Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and who, since the said twenty-second c Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, Prisoner or Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of

or the Liberties thereof; and that none of such Prisoners, to

my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expedition to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament, to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered themselves, or been committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books 4 of« the said Prison, or since the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have resided out of the said Prison of

or the Rules thereof, [but if any have so done, addy except naming such by Name]?

And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Prisons, in any County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift respectively, take an Oath, in the open Court of the General Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Town, Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such Lift, and swear to the Effect following (that is to say):

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, db solemnly swear, profess, and 4 X declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names are inserted or contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the bed of my Know- ledge and Belief, upon the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit or

4 Suits of the several Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Per- Tons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed, as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, been committed or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of 4 [if any such Prisoner or Prisoners hath or have, since the said twenty-second Day of Ja-

nuary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, been committed orsurrendered to such Gaol or Prison], at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned, except [if any Except tion is necessary] such Persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, oeen dif*

charged, or removed to some other Prison by Process of Law, or to have escaped out of such Prison, ? without my Privity, Knowledge, or Consent, since the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six j and that all and every of them, whose Name and Names is and are contained in the first Part of the said Lift (except as before excepted) to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, have really and truly continued in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of

ever since the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and that the said Lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just Lift of all such Persons as were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said twenty-second Day of

4 January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and who, since the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, have been really and truly committed, or fur- rendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (except as before excepted) to the best of my

Knowledge and Belief; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation, to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered or been committed to the said Prison of

or got his, her, or their Name or Names entered as Prisoner or Prisoners in the Books

of the said Prison, or, since their Commitment, have to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, resided out of the said Prison of [if any have so done, thenadd> except infer ting the ir*

4 Names].

Which said respective Oaths the said Justices, at the first or second General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, or at (bme Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court: And the Words of the said Oath herein-before directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and the Words of the Oath to be taken by every such Gaoler or Keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court: And every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors of Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, ten Days at lead before the first or second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall beheld, after the passing of this Act, for the County, Riding,

559

All other Gaol-rn on delivering in their Lifte, to cake the following

Oath.

Oaths to be administered by the Justices in Court, and entered and subscribed at the Bottom of the Lids.

Lifts to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace.

Three Copies of Lifts to be fixed up in each Pii-, son, &c.

56 b

Personsinfertetf in the Lifts beinj Piifoneis, *ifh-cat a fraudulent Imtntioc, ui Jan. *», 1776,

and conforming to 1 his Ad, ftuil be ditUurged.

Pets >ns arrested

fur Dtbr, and LeId to Bail, on or before Jan. I, 17*76, lurren-derirg them* felvss on or ]>e-fore June *6, 1776, and conforming tothi* Ad, shall be distbaiged.

Juttlcr?, on Petition of any Prisoner, and his delivering a Schedule of his £(Ute,

may issue their Warrant for bringing him to the Quarter Sef-siens, Scc*

*ith the War-tant of his Detainer, &c.

Schedule of the Prisoner's Estate to betranfrmtted to the Clerk, of the Peace, for Inspection of Creditors, Any J aft ice, omitting for fen I)avs to transmit a Copy of the ScKfdule to the Ctrrk of the P<*..ce, Scr. shall Solicit 10l.

Prisoner* intending to petU lion for their Ldfchargf, are to piv: previous Notice tnri:c in Uic Gazette, &c.

C rtt-nt* of the Kthce*

C. 3&

Anno decimo fetfto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Division; City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which any Gaol or Prison (half be, or to which' the same belong, to fix up, in forne conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the most frequented and iifual Gate, Door, or Entrance, into every such Prison, three or more true Copies of the List or Lists pro* posed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said General Quarter Sessiona, or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, whoseNanae or Nantes shall be inferred in anyffuehLift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with a Viewer Design to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part* what is required to bedone by him-or htr by this Act, shall be forever released and discharged from his or her Imprisonment, in such Manner a* hereafter is provided.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall have been arrested and in actual Custody of an Officer, for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any, Writ or Process, issuing out of any Court of Record, and held to Bail thereon, on or before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fu, and who shall, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, surrender him, her, or themselves, in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, and shall thereupon be committed to Prison, every such Person or Persons shall, upon due Proof of the Premises upon Oath, be discharged from his, her, or their Debts and Imprisonment, in like Maflner as if such Person or Persons had been actually in Prison on the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; subject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, herein-before imposed upon Person* a<3ually in Custody on the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and al Tofu b}e& to the same Terms and Condition relating to the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any, Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within hi* or their respective Ju*-rifdictions, upon every, such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the Time of his or her so petition*-ing, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Sche* diHe, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs* Gaoler of Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices*. to bring before the Justices, at the first or second next General Quarter Session of the reace, or any Adjournment thereof to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days front the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place* or Li* berty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler, or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded, to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such Justice or Justices, shall, within ten Days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Justices* with whom the same shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting. as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit, for the Space of ten Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule so left with him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, Riding, Divisioo, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be (tied for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Parry who prosecutes for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be discharged under this Act, as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three feverat London Gazettes, previous to such General Quarter Session, and the Adjournment thereof, at which the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gaol it*London, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London, or the weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in iome Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so ill Custody; containing the Name, Trade, and Occupation, and two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act; and aafentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper, to be

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 3S.

the first, second, Dr third Notice, according to the Time of publifoing each of such Notices; and for the inferring of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid, each Time, by every such Prisoner, *Twv>pence, and no more: The first of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, thirty Days at least, and the last of the said Notices, ten Days, at lead, before any such first or fpcond General Quarter Session, and Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

X. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient Time to consider the Matters

and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors,' be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, when he or she (hgll. (according to the Directions of this Act1) publish the first Notice of an Intention to petition for his or her Discharge, he or she shall, in such Notice, declare that the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal Estate, (to be sworn to in Manner 4$ by this Act directed) is lodged in the Hands of the Gaoler or Keeper, or the Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison wherein any such Prisoner shall be confined $ and every such Prisoner is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, as the Case may be, before he shall publifti such first Notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy; and in case any Prisoner shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such Schedule to such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, prior to such his first Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or foe, upon due, Proof made of such Neglect to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Prisoner shall make Application for his Discharge, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid: And every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to, attest the Signature of the Prisoner's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Prisoner, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Requtft made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose, in Writing; such Copy to be aeliven-cd to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within three Days after Demand made, on Payment for each Schedule after the Rate of Sixpence per Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for any left Number ,of Words: And if any such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Gaoler, Keeper, or Deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum ot twenty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for and recover the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Actfonof Debt.

Xf. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Prisoner, in Manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following j videlicet,

T [insert the Name, Trade, QccMpatian, and two last Places of Abode, if so massy]

4 Ay now confined in ^nfert the Nam/ of the Prison and County], do hereby give

this Public Notice, being [insert the first. Second, or Third, as the Case may be 1, that I do intend to take the Benefit of an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of his §vefent MajestyYReign (intituled An 4 ASi fgr the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases,) [and if it be the First Notice, then addJ and I do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same, in Manner aforesaid, to the Gaoler or Keeper, or his Deputy, of 4 [insert the Name of the Prison wherein such Prisoner shall be confined, and the County in which it isfituate]

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Prisoner, and counter-signed by the Gaoler or Keeper, or Deputy of such Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison wherein inch Prisoner shall be confined.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be brought to the General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and Newspapers before mentioned to the said Justices, at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other Newspapers, where required, in Manner as herein before is directed, and that the Person or Persons so petitioning was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or fmee, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the List of Prisoners there delivered in at any such first or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall, in open Court, at the said General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy; and also of the Whole of his or her personal Estate, which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or intitled to, or was or were in his or her Possession, at any Time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Name9 of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with 5 and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured j and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing,^ then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and (wear to the Eft'edt following > (that is to say,)

561

% d. to be each Time for inferring Notices.

When Notice# to be inserted.

Every Debtor to deliveraSche-duicof his Estate to the Gaoler, and to declare the same in bi» first Notice, &c.

On Neg!e&

thereof, to be reminded bide to Prison.

Gaoler to attefc the Prisoner's Signature to hi# Schedule, and give him a Du -plicate thereof; and also to give a Copy to any Creditor who requesti it. Gaoler, &c. o« Neglect, to for4 fcitaoL

Form of Pr7- Toner'* Notice

Notice to be fi^n'd by '.he Prison r, &c. Prisoner bf ing bho'ijiht inro Court, and Publication of Notice* proved, Ao.

to deliver in a Schedule of hit E(1 ate, Debt*, &c.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

562

Prisoner's Oath on delivering in Ibe Schedule,

Schedule and Oath to be subscribed in the Court, and lodged with the Clerk for the Examination of Creditors.

Court at the Re-quell of a Creditor, may examine Gaoler, &c. on Oath. The Prisoner* Oath not b«ing disproved, the Court i* to discharge him.

on hi* paying a Fee of r s. to the Gaoler 5

who shall be indemnified for the Escape. '

Ell ate and E fifed! s of the Pr i-frrer, upon his Di/charpe, to be vested in the Clerk of the Peace,

who is to make over the farre to the Assignees named by the Court j

C. 38.

A.D. 1776.

'I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and 4 A declare, That on the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, I was a Prisoner, or else, [as the Case may £f]thatiince the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, I have surrendered, or have been committed to the Prison of in Discharge of my Bail, or for Want of Bail the Case shall he]; and that I was

actually arrested, and in the Custody of an Officer, before the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, in the Actionor Suit, Actions or Suits, in which I surrendered, or was committed as aforesaid, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I have, ever since

4 my said Surrender or Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Gaolef or Keeper of the said Prison of or within the Liber-

ties thereof, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Re- membrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I, or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, ere seised or possessed of, interested in, or intitled to, or was or were in my Possession at any Time since my Commitment to Prison; and of all Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contradb whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of AbodeJof the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate, Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, t>ther than what are in the said Schedule contained, except wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money, not exceeding forty Shillings, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of twenty Pounds; and that 4 I have not, nor any Body forme hath, directly or indirectly, fold, leffeqed, or otherwise conveyed, dif- posed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estate, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Cre- ditors, to whom I am or was indebted in anywise howsoever.

So help me GOD.*

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Prisoner, subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in open Session of the Peace* as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, City, Liberty* Division, Town, or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Prisoner who shall desire, or may have Occasion, to resort thereto; and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of an$ such Prisoner, are hereby authorised to cause the Deputy Warden and Marftal of the Fleet and Kings Bench Prison, and any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Gaol or Prison, and any other Person, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Prisoner or Prisoners, shall not be disproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them, present at any such General Quarter Session, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by any such respective Prisoner, then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, command the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to let at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for his or their Attendance with every such Prisoner at such General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their Discharge (and which every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of such Prison Or Prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such Order): And every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, of such Prisoner, of, in, and unto, all the real Estate, as well Freehold and Copy as Customary-holJ, and to all the personal Estate, Debts, and Effects, of every such Prisoner, shall, immediately after the Discharge of any such Prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty, or Place, where any such Prisoner shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every such Prisoner's Estate and Effects, vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Prisoner, as the Justices at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38.-

tions, shall order and direct (which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper damped); and to veil the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest the Prisoner had therein; and for the preparing, ingrossing, and executing ot which Assignment and Conveyance, no Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall take any greater Fee than two Shillings; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of such Prisoner, in respect or in Proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully impowered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may be occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and Attaining any Estate or Effe£b of any such Prisoner, and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in, or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Prisoner, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the Rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner; and to give Discharge and Discharges to any Debtor or Debtors of any such Prisoner, as shall be requisite: And every such Assignee or Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his or their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner; and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Prisoner vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if any such Prisoner shall be interested in, or intitled to, any real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, or Expectancy, the same, within the Space of two Months after every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be sold by public Auction, in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Prisoner who shall assemble together, on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Prisoner before his going to Gaol resided in London, or in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner dwelt before he or she was committed to Gaol, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, or their Hands, agree on: And every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of three Months at farthest from the Time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair Dividend of all such Prisoner's Estates and Effects, which shall have been then recovered, amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debts; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Prisoner's Estate, and make Oath in Writing, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is herein before directed to be published, thirty Days at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective Debt by Oath, or due Proof in Writing, before some such Justice or Justices: And if any Creditor of such Prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner shall have been discharged, at their next General Quarter Session, and what they shall there determine in the Premises shall be conclusive to all Parties: And if, after Payment of all such Prisoner's Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors or Administrators.

XV. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Negl-eft or Omission in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Estate, Real or Personal, belonging to any c Prisoner who shall apply for his or her Discharge, under the Authority of this Act be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Prisoner or Prisoners, and of which he, she, or they, shall be actually possess'ed at the Time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed, and taken to be, a Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like Manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this ActE

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid, in whom the Estate* Right, Title, Interest, or Trust, of any Prisoner or Prisoners, shall have vested by the Authority of this Act; every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as aforesaid respectively, as the Case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Provisions of this ACE

XVII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoner's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the London Gazette for that Purpose.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer aefting as Clerk of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town, and County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the

' 9 Estate*

563

for which he shall be paid % 9,

Assignees impowered to sue, or execute any Trust or Power for the Prisoner, &c.

Assignees to get in the Estate and Effects of the Prisoner,' and malte Sale, within two Months, of Prii-Toner's Real Estate, &c.

arid make a Dividend within 3 Months

first making op" their Accounts, and verifying tlaero upon Oath.

30 Da) 3 Notice to be given of making a Dividend;

and"none to receive any Sbsre until they have proved their Debts.

Debts claimed to be examined into and determined by the Court.

Surplus of the Prisoner* Estate to be paid to him, Sec,

Creditors not to suffer from any Orfiiffitn in the Schedule of Prisoner *s Estate.

On Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, See, Prisoners Estates to become vtfled in their Successors.

No Suit in F-quity to be commenced but by Consent of Majority in Value of Creditors.

564

Clerk of the I'eace to exhibit to the Creditor, cr his Attorney, on h*i\ment of I s. the Sthndole ot' an) Prifoiicr'i LiUtc:

AOeflfd Copy v h 'rtc>f to b< deemed legal Evidence.

Clerk of the Peace refufirg to produce such ScIvduJe, or to deliver a Copy thereof, 6c c.

stall f >rfeit rol. and Treble Costs:

One Moiety to the Prosecutor, and the other to the Poor of the Parish.

Aflipnees of of or Cuf tomary F.states to compound with the Lord of the Manor, and to be admitted Tenants thereupon.

The Prisoner's Right and littered, &c. only to be j fretted by this Act.

Atl Mortgages, &c. to take p'ace p eftrable to Cliims of an inferior Nature.

Power* in Pn-

fonen of leafing Lind«, fee. veiled in Actgncec.

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Estates of any Insolvent Debtor or Debrors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitive?, or his or their Attorney, produce and fheyv to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day-time, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule, paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace* in whole Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble iu searching for, and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party or Parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: And that a true Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule, without being wrote on stamped Paper (and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for a less Number of Words), shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same: And if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer adingas Clerk of the Peace, shall* on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid, in the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall a(k or take more than after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts <k Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered* go to the Party who prosecuted for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish ia which the Offence shall be committed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any of or Customary Estate, as aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom, the same shall be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees* Tenant to such of or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manor* of which the same shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Prisoner had thereia at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said of or Customary Premises.

XX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive* which may be expedant upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fugitive)* hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peaces but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person and Persons, shall remain* continue, and be saved to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Actflull extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple. Statute-merchant, Recognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to take Place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of every such Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act had not been made 5 any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, are

seised and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Terna of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such

Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years deter- minable upon Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 3 9.

XXIII. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisoni in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Gaolers or Keepers them (elves, or know

# any thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers

or Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons be it therefore enacted, That, in every such Case, the Person Who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or Prison, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper nimfeif), shall take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such Gaol or Prison.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought ip pursuance of this Act1, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper of Uny such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act^ an Oath to the following Effect; (that is to say,}

T / B. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in

A the Prison of to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the Twenty-

second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and that the Copy or Copies of the cause or causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause

or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person

whatsoever, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief.

'So help me GOD.'

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, on the said twenty-second Day of January one thousafnd seven hundred and seventy-six, or fiace, shall not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such Session, or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid, al any such General or Quarter Section, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison, to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

*T A.B. do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Commitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Riding, Division,

4 City, Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Case shall be\ 5 and that I do verily

believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor

calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of # the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons, to my.

Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.

565

The afling Gaoler, at the Time of delivering the Lilts, only liable to be sworn.

Court, on Re-

quiOtion of a Creditor, to administer an Oath to the Gaoler.

The O&tfcJ

If fheh Petfoni' shall not have been Gaoler on Jan. 12, 1776, then he shall ti k.e the follow*? ing

Oatfija

XXV. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol

Books,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter Coart, at tfeo Section of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, anyv tt!*

Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or person who aft-Prison within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven edasG^oleron hundred and seventy-six, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Jan- *7 Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, ®r^\ce* as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Section, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit: And if o^olth any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such sheriff o'r Gj>1~

Justices, at any Section of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner as shall be directed and re- er, disobe>:r>g

quired by Warrant of any Justrce or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose; Order of Cotrf, or if any Gaoler or Keeper attending, shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall ^j/hTreoi-0^ be reasonably required at such General or Quarter Section, or any Adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, rCDU

so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be recovered, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of the Party injured, by Action of Debt, to be brought in his or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with Treble Gofts of Suit

XXVI. And whereas a great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their Employments and Native Country, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas their

? Continuance abroad must be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom 5. in order therefore to

566

Debtors who were beyond the Seas on Jan. ll, 1776, surrendering them felvrt, majr tilte the Benefit of this Act,

tjpun the same Terms as other Prisoners;

except in certain P*rucul»rf.

Xagitltt's Oath#

retted, intending to turrender, intitled to the Benefit of this Act.

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

induce and enable such Persons to return,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Debtor and Debtors, who was or were actually beyond the Seas, in Foreign Parts, on the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and did not go into such Foreign Parts with the View or Intent to gain or have the Benefit of an Insolvent Debtors Act, who shall return and surrender himself or themselves, within fourteen Days next immediately after his or their landing in JLngland^ unto the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of the Prisons of the King's Bench, Marshalseat or Fleets or to the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison or Prisons of such County^ "City, Town, Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Debtor or Debtors last dwelt, for the Space of six Months (which said Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, is and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors, surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their Discharge, as herein after mentioned), and who, from and immediately after such Surrender, do continue in actual Custody of such Gaoler and Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, until the Time of his Discharge, shall be deemed a Prisoner or Prisoners within, and be, to all Intents and Purposes, intitled to the Benefit of this Act; and shall, upon due Proof of the said Premises, by the Oath of such Debtor or Debtors (not disc proved by any credible Witness), be discharged in the same Manner as «f he, she, or they, had been actually in Prison on the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provssions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, herein before imposed upon the said Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and also subject to the Terms and Provisions relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, as aforesaid; excepting only such Particulars thereof as require the Name of a Prisoner to be inserted in the Gaoler's or Keeper's Lift, as aforesaid, as relate to the Oaths of such Gaoler or Keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which Particulars cannot possibly be applied to the Case of Persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said Oath herein before appointed to be taken by Prisoners in Custody upon the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; instead whereof, the Person or Persons so surrendering shall take an Oath, in open Court, at some General *>r Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, in the Prison of which any such Fugitive or Debtor shall be held, after the JSurrender of any such Fugitive or Debtor, to the Effect following; which the said Justices, authorised to put this Act in Execution, are hereby renuired and impowered to administer in such Manner as the Oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered:

1st. B upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That I was actually, on the twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts; videlicet, at and that I did, within

fourteen Days next immediately after my landing, surrender myself to the Custody of the Keeper of [as the Case may be] \ and that I have ever since such my Surrender continued

4 a Prisoner in his Custody; and that the Schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to *4 the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Difi- covery of all the Real Estate, Goods, Effects, and other Personal Estate, in anywise belonging to me f 4 and also of all such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Name: and Places of Abode of the several Persons froro whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any such there be]; and that neither 1, nor any Persons in Trust for me, is or are seised of any Real Estate, in Possession, Reveifion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, or of any Personal Estate of any Kind whatso-% ever, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; except my Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, my Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding in the Whole the Value of twenty Pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Real Eiftate, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Personal Estate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, so as to re- ccive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom to myself or Family, or with any View, Intent, or Design, to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am indebted in anywise howsoever, J or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective Debts.

'So help me GOD.*

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Fugitive intending to surrender to the Terms of this Act, shall, within the Space before mentioned of fourteen Days, be arrested in any Suit or Action, which cause of Action accrued before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, such Fugitive giving Notice (as before directed) to any Justice of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions, and in all other Respects complying with the Terms and Conditions of this Act, shall be intitled to the Benefit of the same; and every Sheriff, Bailiff, or Officer, Gaoler, or Keeper of a Prison, in whose Custody such Fugitive shall be detained, shall conform him or themselves to the Directions of this Act, in like Manner as before mentioned.

XXVIII. And whereas a great Number of Commission and Warrant Officers, in his Majesty's Set and Land Service, who, through unavoidable Misfortunes, have involved themselves in Debt (and many of them, through Necessity, have taken up Money on Terms very disadvantageous to themselves, tend- ing to hasten their Ruin)* are now unable* though willing, to serve their King and Country, because, to

avoid

567

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38.

c avoid the Disgrace and Shame of a Prison, they have taken Shelter in privileged Places, and cannot come forth without Danger of being immediately arrested, or have been thrown into Prison, without Hopes of being released by any Discharge of their Debts, and are therefore become useless and a heavy Burthen,

instead of being serviceable to the State: And whereas many of them are not under the Description of

4. those Persons who can take Benefit by the Provisions of this Act, without some Extension thereof,

yet are very proper Objects of such Relief as is hereby intended to be given be it therefore enacted.

That all and every Commission or Warrant Officer or Officers, in his Majesty's Sea or Land Service, now Any Commir. upon the full or half-pay Lift, who shall, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of "June one thousand seven lion or Warrant hundred and seventy-six, surrender himself or themselves to the Gaoler or Keeper of any of his Majesty's who

Prisons, in such Manner as is herein directed for Fugitive Debtors returning from Foreign Paris, who mean to claim the Benefit of this Act, and who shall, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all Re- j,ereion d"acd speds to the like Terms and Conditions prescribed to such Fugitive Debtors (except as to so much of the for Fugitive Oath required to be taken by them, as declares that such Debtors were in Foreign Parts on a certain Day. Debtors, before and did surrender within fourteen Days after their Return); instead whereof, every such Debtor shall iu,!f.a6? *776# swear, that he did, on or before the twenty-sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy- *. fix [as the Case may be], surrender himself to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of thi,

f insert the Name of the Prison], and who shall, in all other Respects, take the same Oath as every such Fugitive Debtor is required to do, shall be deemed and taken to be a Prisoner or Prisoners within the true Meaning of this Act, and be intitled to the Benefits thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIa. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Gaoler, or Print-Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some er of the Ga-General Quarter session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, re- zclte» not fuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session, or ^VeTuiationa some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit of this Act, to to insert, in any such Lift, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually forfeit 100l. for in Custody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison, on the said twenty-second Day of January one thou- each Offence, sand seven hundred and seventy-six, or since; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, wuhTieble such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or 0 refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of one Shilling herein before allowed for his or her Attendance in order to be discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette^ or other Newspaper, as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than Twopence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy' or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner, in any such Case injured, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which shall and may be recovered', with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any rrifon, shall, in taking of the afore-mentioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury), shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made, of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then ifi the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties; to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within fourteen Days after his or her Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his or her Discharge, on the Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence; or shall take more than the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy; or shall take more than one Shilling for an Assignment or Conveyance of such Prisoner's Estate or Eftcds; every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace, at any such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; and who are hereby impowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, so offending.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall forswear or perjure himself, her-

Vol. XU. 4 D iclf,

Gaoler coimftet of Perjury, to forfeit coo 1« with full Costq* ac.

Application of the Penalty,

Clerk of the Prace refusing a Prisoner a Copy of his Discharge, or taking exorbitant Fee?, shall forfeit 20l. to

the Prisonert

Prisoner, Bee, convicted of Perjury, to suffer at a Felon,

568

Persons <fif-charged by this Act, not liable to Impr fonment for Debts, &c. contradUd before Jan. it, *77®

Hut no Prisontr to be discharged of Debts subsequent thereto.

Justices, &c. may pjead this Act to any Allion brought against them, and recover Treble CotU.

Persons discharged may plead generally, &c. to all Actions or Judgments brought against them before Jan. %z, 1776, &c.

and in other Suits, may plead in Discharge of their Persons from Execution.

Plaintiff" may reply generally, &c.

hut if nonsuited, to piy Treble Cost*.

Attorniesor Servants embex-eling Money, &c. excluded the B^n^t of this Act.

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

self, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged by this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisonsd by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained foi Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said twenty -second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such Prisoner's Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, at the same Time, order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Suit or Suits, to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she, or they, shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do on such PrisonePs causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXXIV. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts, as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts; to remedy which/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts subsequent to the twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and if it shall appear to the Justices, in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, that in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge him or her of all Debts previous to the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she (lands charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Aff, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence 3 and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have 'Preble Costs.

[Treble Costs.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire facias, or A £1 ion of Debt, or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas, as aforesaid, upon the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, it shall be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person's Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place, for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place (as his, her, or their Case is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid), that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, without pleading any other Matter especially; where to the Plaintiff shall or may renly generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may (new the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge, by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff' be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have

XXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons aifting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall (land charged for any Money, or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons aeftin^ as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they, shall (land charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, received (ft possessed by him, her, or them, for the Use, and on account of his, her, or their Mailer or Mnfters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own Ule; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, have,

4 by various subtle Stratagems, Threats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, Goods, Waxes, Merchandises, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for

4 1 Money,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38.'

Money, to the great Injury of industrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit ;* be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and dftignedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons, Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a view to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred,

conveyed, or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody of Law, or impnToned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Alignment, has been frequently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, though sufficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design ;* be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of the Court, to which any Prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain his or her Discharge, that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part of his Estate or Efiefts, subsequent to the Time of his Imprisonment, or of his being in Custody of Law, without just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid; every such Prisoner shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be intitled to his or her Discharge.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the same, to fee and (peak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, whose Names are inferred in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette, or other Newspaper, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they, are detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so otfend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay, to the Person so refused and aggrieved, the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLI. And whereas several Persons, who have taken the Benefit of Acts of Insolvency, from a Difficulty of obtaining a new Credit to set themselves up in their usual Trades and Occupations, (as their future Effects have been made liable to their Debts previous thereto) have gone Abroad for the better Maintenance of themselves and Families, carrying the Arts and Manufactures of this Country to our Enemies, or Rivals in Trade:* In order to prevent such Evil for the future, be it enacted, That the future real Estates, as well Freehold and of, as customary of, or Money in the Funds, or lent upon real Security only, of every such Person or Persons, Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, which, after the Time of his, her, or their, total Surrender of his, her, or their Estates and Effects, under such Acts, he, she, or they, shall or may be seised of, in his, her, or their own Right or Use, by Grant, Demise, or Purchase, shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors, as before the making of this Act; and any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, may, at any Time hereafter, sue out Execution, Extents, or other Process, against such real Estate or Money in the Funds as aforesaid, of such Person or Persons, on any Judgment at the Time of such Discharge recovered, or Statute-staple, or Recognizance acknowledged by, or Decree obtained against, any such Prisoner or Fugitive, but not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their personal Estate or Effects, except Money in the Funds obtained or accrued frnce such Time of such Discharge, other ‘than as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this Act, may, at any Time after any such Discharge, commence and prosecute any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due from any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or their said Discharge, but shall not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Person, or personal Estate and EffVfts, other than as aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive, in Execution, by any Judgment, Sentence, or Decree, which shall have been, or hereafter may be, recovered, or obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive; and any Judge of the Court, out of which such Execution shall issue, shall have Power to discharge the same by virtue of this Act: And in any Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, no Benefit or Advantage shall be had or taken for that the Cause of Action did not accrue within three Years next before the commencing of any such Action or Suit; nor shall any Statute or Limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such Creditor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such Cause of Action or Suit did not accrue within three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under this Act; and, in any such Case, the same may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or Fugitive by Force of this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or w ere Partner or Partners in Trade with any such

j69

Person who, by false Pretences, have obtlined Money, Cools, &c. excluded the Benefit of this Act.

Ahy Person having fold or assigned any Part of his Estate or Effects, after being in Custody, with Design to defraud his Creditors, shall lose the Benefit of this Act.

Gaoler to permit the speaking in private to Prisoners, whose Names are inserted in the Lift, or Gazette, &c.

and the examining original Books of Entries, Sec, on Penalty of 40 1. with Costs of Suit.

Prisoners future Estates, or Money in the Fund?, notwithstanding their personal Discharge, liable to Creditors;

who may sue ont Execution, but not against their Persons, or personal Effects, See,

Creditors may sue for the Rea covery of Debts due at the Time of Prisoner*! Discharge, but not bold the Prisoner to fpc-cial Bail, nor take his Person, &c. by any Judgment recovered against him.

No Advantage. to be taken of, the Cause of, Action not a«-. cruing within 3 Yeirs, &c. Exception.

Discharge of Prisoner no Acquittal to hi*

57°

Partner or Sure-

iiai.

Gaoler making false Eniriet in Prison Book or Lift, to forfeit cool* with Treble Cost*.

Prisoner refu* 4ng to declare the Abode, &c. of the Person at vrhofe Suit be it detained, &c. to be excluded the Benefit of this Act,

Justicet may af-

fembfe at or wear any County Gaol, and kold a Session there for Discharge of Pri-toners.

Justices for the County of Surrey may aficm-hle at the Town-hall of Southwark for. administering Oaths, &c.

Prisoners who are kept in Custody for Payment of Fees, &c. to be discharged.

This Act not to extend to Debt* rs to the Crown j

nor to Prisoners who owe more than i coo 1. to one Person, unless such Creditor coi.sent i Exception.

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. Ai Di 1776.

Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or engaged in any Contract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shall severally stand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contrafts, in like Manner as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison or Prisons, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any List, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody in any such Gaol or Prison upon the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual Custody (except as hi the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and for the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entries; which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation, or last Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or being called for and desired, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Prisoner, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of 1 York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings c or Divisions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers of those Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session of each Riding or Division, the same will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners in those large Coun- ties be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties (or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session, from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

4 X-LVII. And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which 4‘ shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the County, and upwards of twenty Miles from any of the said Prisons be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Session to the Town-hall in the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County wherein any Prisoner or Prisoners are confined, and to the discharging such respective Prisoner or Prisoners confined therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or other Demands due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking his or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (be shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or either of them.

L. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking his or her Discharge under this Act, who shall be charged by any Body Politic or Corporate, or by any one Person, on or before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, in any Sum exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds, besides Interest and Costs, and whose Discharge shall be in Court opposed by such Body Politic or Corporate, or one Person (except such Person or Persons who shall have been bound in Securityjor any other Person or Persons to a larger Amount, and it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court, that such Person or Persons so bound, or giving, or joining in, such Security, hath or have not received or applied to his, her, or their own proper and separate Use

9S

A.D. 1776. Anna decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 571

or Benefit, any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money so due and owing as aforesaid): And if any such Body Politic or Corporate, Creditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding one thousand Pounds shall be owing, Avail oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner (except as aforesaid), and shall infill: that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol; that then, and in such Case, such Body Politic or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors, opposing the said Prisoner's Discharge as aforesaid, shall at his, her, or their proper Costs and Charges, allow and pay, in the whole, such a weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding four Shillings, nor less than three Shillings and six Pence per Week, in such Manner as the said Justices, in their General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; and, upon Non-payment of the same for the Space of two Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in their General Quarter Session, held as aforesaid, shall be discharged, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Acth

LI. And whereas, under former Act, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble in c attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Discharge of Prisoners clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Act, but who, after having been before one Session heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged;' to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Prisoner shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections, for which they refused his Discharge; and, that the same may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to slate the Objections why such Prisoner's Discharge is refused by them; and, in all Cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session or Adjournment, upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them, by two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer), of each Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice, served, at least ten Days previous to such Application, on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in Manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of Opinion the said Prisoner is intitled to the Benefit of this Act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

LII. Provided always, That every Fugitive or Fugitives, intitled, or to be intitled, to the Benefit of this Act, shall obtain their respective Discharges on or] before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or shall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act.

LIII. And whereas it may happen that several Persons, who may claim and be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail, in some Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have, by Law, Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons* said Freehold or of Lands,

4 Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors £ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, such Person. or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Fee Provided the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

LIV. And whereas many Persons who may take the Benefit of this Act, have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands, of various and intricate Natures, and they maybe intitled to Equities of Redemption of Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, and other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Re

mainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered, in the Schedule, or Inventory, before directed to be delivered in, upon Oath, as aforesaid, or which may' 4 want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and EffeCb of such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their Difr charge, in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons, duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Person or Persons shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Person or Persons may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Estate or EffeCb; whereupon such Justices shall fend for, or call before them, such Person or Persons, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Means, as they shall think fit; and, upon such Person's appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things, as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and EffeCb of such Person or Persons; and if any Person or Persons (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or EffeCb, so vested, or intended to be vested, in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices* by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend*

Creditor opposing Prisoner's Discharge to allow him 3 s. 6 dB per Week;

and on Nonpayment for tw& Weeks, Prisoner to be discharged.

Determination of Justices to be' final with respect to the Re- tenrion of any Prisoner j unlef6 the Pri- foner get rid of the Objections for which they refused his Discharge.

Justices, on Proof by two Witnesses of Ob-je£!ions being removed, fee, may discharge such Prisoner. No Fugitive to obtain a Discharge after

Aug. l, 1778.

Personr seised of* an Estate Tail, claimii g the Benefit of this Act, are to deliver up the same to Creditors,.

Assignees may'

apply for further Etamina- -tion of Prisoners, touching the Discovery of their Efte&i;. nd Justices mayv fend for and examine them accord ngljr. Persons reftjfing^ to appear, or ar--fwerupon Oath,-, may be committed.

kjooaie

57*

tol. per Cent. allowed for discovering, within la Months, any Part of a Prisoner's Estate not computed in his Schedule.

Discharge obtained fraudu-. Icntly, void.

Person3 concealing any Estate or Eft'efls of the Prisoner, forfeit lool. and Doub'e Value, with Treble Cost* of Suit.

/ffigneer, with Consent of the Majority in Value of the Creditors may compound for Debts doe to the Prisoner'* Estate;

and trey submit any Dispute relating thereto to Arbitration*

If Assignees die bcfoic the Effects of the Prisoner* are got in; and their Heiist&c. refuse to act, other Assignees to be appointed, and Cred'tors to t/btain a new Assignment fr. m the Clerk of the Peace, vhwh the Juf-t ecs are to dire c>.

CJ:rk of the i'eacc to obey the I -rder, as if no A fiignnient had Lccu

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.* A.D. 1776.

prehend such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall, by such Justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons, who shall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate, as shall not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centumy out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the same, by the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner's Estate and Effects.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner or Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true; then, and in every such Case, every such Discharge shall be void, and of none Effe<ft.

LVII. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who shall be discharged

by virtue of this Act/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Estate, Real or Personal, of any such Prisoner, from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees shall, in pursuance of this A<d, be chose of any such Prisoner's Estate, discover and disclose to such Assignee or Assignees, such Trust and Estate, in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also Double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner; to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majestys Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner's Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees, of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall be chose in pursuance of this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner or Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be held on twenty-one Days public Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was in Custody in London, or within the weekly Bills of Mortality, apd if not, then also in feme Newspaper, which shall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been in Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors, or Accountants, to such Prisoner or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can, upon such Composition, be gotten in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons for or on Account, or by Reason or Means of any Matter, Cause, or Thing, relating to such Prisoner or Priforters' Estate and Esseds, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said Assignee or Af-signees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have no Difference; and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference or Dispute between them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree; and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what tfiey shall fairly do in the Premises, in pursuance of this Act.

LIX. And whereas, under former Acts of this Nature, no Provision was ever made as to what (houli

become of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, not got in, obtained or recovered, by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts, at the Time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, refused to ad or meddle therein;' to remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, to chuse a new Assignee or Assignees in Manner and Form as herein before is directed, and to obtain a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and impowered to direct, son due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Af-signs, to ad or meddle therein ;) and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, 1'own Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, are hereby impowered to obey the same, and execute such Assignment accordingly, in Manner and Form a< if no former Assignment had ever been made; the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act, relative to them or any of them; and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by vi.tue of this Aid, for Disobedience in airy Part thereof, or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executor®, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to nd, that then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the fai-J Justices shall hive Power, m afuinmaty Way, to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Assignee or Af-

(igt.ees.

c.

573

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38.

signeesa to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her, or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may In* lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Sections in ffales, and the P. incipality of ChrJIer, and the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence any Process ifitted upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed; or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sections aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from 1'imc to Time, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Efrefts of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees. in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner for the Benefit of the respectlive Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to, such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LaI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Parts, to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, w hen truly stated.

LXII. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments for Contempts, for not pay- ing Money awarded to be paid under Submissions to Arbitrators by Rules of Court, or under Submissions to Arbitration Bonds, and which Submissions have been nude Rules of Court, in pursuance of an Act,

passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of Hrtiliam the Third, for determining Differences by Arbitration; and likewise for not paying of Costsduly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper c Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for, or grounded on, the Non-payment of Costs or Expences in any Cause or Pro- ceeding in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for any Contempt to such Court, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the lame Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only*

LXIII. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon c Processes Hiding out of Courts of Conscience ;' it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by^this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and Suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and impofcJ by this Act Upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the Space of eight Years last part, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such Person shall be willing to serve, and shall actually enter himself to serve, on Board some one of his Majesty's Ships of War for the Term of Seven Years, or shall inlist as a Soldier in some of his Majesty's Land Irorces.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Prisoner, who may have taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Act within the Space of eight Years last part, shall under this Act apply for his Discharge, every such Prisoner shall produce to the Court (to which he shall make Application for such Discharge) a Certificate in Writing, signed by an Officer properly authorised to engage or inlist Men for his Majesty's Sea or Land Service [as the Case may be] setting forth that he was on the Day of V"f£rt the

Date] engaged or inlisted [as the Case may be] to serve as a Mariner or Soldier in his Majesty's Sea or Land Service, which Certificate shall be attested by one or more credible Witness or Witness'es; and in case such Certificate shall not be produced, or shall not be properly authenticated in Manner aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, he shall be remanded back

to

A/signees complained against f jr Infuflkiency, Fraud, Mifira-'mgrrmnt, or other M./behaviour;

the Court thereupon is to sum-nion the Partin, and make such Oroers therein as they shall think fit*

Where mutual Credit has been given, the Balance to be Aated and allowed*

Persons committed for not paying Money awarded under Submissions to Arbitration; an! for not paying Costr, tec, are intitled to the Benefit of this Act.

Prisoners 'upoat Process out of Courts of Conscience, to have the Benefit of this Act. Quaker's Affirmation to be tak^n in lieu of an Oath.

Persons who have taken the Benefit of any In ohent Act within eight Years, excluded from this Act; Exception.

Prisoners who have taken such Benefit, and shall apply for Discharge under this Act, to produce to the Court a Certificate, signed by a proper Officer, set irg forth, that they are

c.

374

inlirted to serve His Majesty,

&c.

1 hit Act not to extend to Scotland.

Clause of Relief for Bankrupts, who have not obtained Certificates and Discharge of their i Debts.

Chuse with respect to Bankrupts who have conformed themselves to the Bankrupt Laws;

Lord Chance'lor, <Src. impo%#cred to a!Jo a such Bankrupts Ccr-t'ficites, a!-tln'Ugh not finned by fr ur-fi ths of their Creditors,

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

to the Prison from whence he came, there to remain till he shall have fully complied with the Direction*

aforesaid, or shall by other legal Means sooner obtain his Discharge.

LXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LXVIII. And whereas Bankrupts who have not obtained their Certificates and Discharge of their Debts, under some one of the Acts relating to Bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the Mean- ing of Aflsoflnfolvency, as such Bankrupts have no Schedules to deliver up according to the Terms and Conditions of such Acts 5 nevertheless, as many Bankrupts are confined in Prison for Debt only, though they have already delivered up their whole Estates and Effects, or, from a Fear of being arrested and thrown into Prison, are frequently induced to abscond from their Homes, and go into Foreign Parts Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, 6r who shall have been really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively, on or before the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy mall have since been awarded and issued, and who hath or have duly conformed, or shall duly conform, him, her, or themselves, to the several Acts of Parliament relating to Bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any Prison by a Warrant of the Commissioners, in such Commission named, for Contumacy or Noncompliance to those Laws, and who now is or are in Prison for Debt, Damages, Contempt, Costs of Suit, or any Sum or Sums of Money due and accrued previous to such Commission, or who now are secreting themselves in Fear of their Creditors; and shall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held to Bail, or shall surrender him, her, or themselves, or be surrendered, in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, or taken in Execution in any Suit or Action for any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, shall and may apply to any one of the Judges of the Court wherein such Process or Proceffcs hath oc have issued, to summon his, her, or their Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to shew cause why such Bankrupt or Bankrupts should not be discharged from his, her, or their Imprisonment, or Arrest as aforesaid, such Bankrupt or Bankrupts first making Oath before such Judge, (or if at a Distance from such Judge, then before a Justice of the Peace) who is hereby authorised to administer such Oath, that such Debt or Debts did accrue previous to the issuing such Commission; and such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that such Bankrupt or Bankrupts hath or have concealed any Part of his, her, or their Estate or Effects, or hath or have not duly conformed him, her, or themselves, to the Laws now in Force against Bankrupts, such Judge shall and may discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Imprisonment or Arrest as aforesaid5 such Bankrupt or Bankrupts causing a common Appearance to be entered for him, her, or them, where necessary, in every such Suitor Action; and if any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall be afterwards again sued and arrested, or taken in Execution, or imprisoned, in any Suit or Adhon, for such Debtor Debts, previous to such Commission as aforesaid, any Judge of the Court wherein such Process issued shall, upon Summons of the proper Party or Parties, immediately discharge such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from such Arrest or Imprisonment; nevertheless such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall, in all other Refipedls, be deemed subject to the Laws in Force against Bankrupts; and every Sheriff and Sheriffs, Bailiff and Officer, Gaoler and Keeper of a Prison, is and are hereby required, on proper Notice being given of such Judge's Discharge, torcleafeand set free such Bankrupt or Bankrupts out of his or their Custody, and each and every of them is and are hereby indemnified from any Action or Actions that may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them, for any Escape for or on account thereof.

LXIX. And whereas many Bankrupts, having in all Respects strictly conformed themselves to the Directions of the Bankrupt Laws, have, notwithstanding, been unable to obtain their Certificates, and have, on that Account, been discouraged from exerting their Industry in the Pursuit of their several Occupations; either living in the most unhappy and distressed Situation at Home, or seeking Relief in so- reign Countries, where they can earn and secure to themselves the Profit of an industrious Application to 4 Business; some of whom have carried with them the Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce of this Country,-to the great Prejudice thereof: And whereas some Relief given in such particular cases, might prevent the Evils arising to the Public, and be an Encouragement for such Individuals to follow their different Occupations at Home be it enacted, That any Person or Persons against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and who hath or have in all Things conformed to the several Acts now in Force concerning Bankrupts, by his, her, or their Surrender and Submission thereto, and who shall not have been committed for any Act of Contumacy or Nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained a total Discharge from his, her, or their Creditors, of his, her, or their Debts, arifine or accruing previous to such Commission, for want of their Certificate, shall have Liberty, after the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months from the Day of the Date of every such Commission respectively, to petition or to apply, by Motion of Court, to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Time being, setting forth the true Circumstance of the Case relative to such Commission and Certificate; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority to direct and order the acting Commissioners in the respective Commissions named, to certify to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, the Conformity or Nonconformity of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and such other Matter as to them shall seem necessary concerning the same (the said acting Commissioners being hereby authorised and required so to do); and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall thereupon have Power and Authority, if he or they shall so think fit, to direct and order an Advertisement to be inserted in the London Gazette, for the Allowance of such Bankrupt's Certificate, (although the same shall not appear to have been signed or consented to by four-fifths in Number and Value of the said Bankrupt's Creditors, agreeable to the

1 Laws

A.D. 1776. Anno dccknoifesttO'ClBonQii Iff. C. 39, 40.

Lews now in being)., in-the/swne Manner and Form a* if the said Gertificaterhad been signed J|s aforesaid; and in case no sufficientCause A all be shewn to the contrary within the THuelwnited by the said Advertisement, the said Lord Chancellor, Load Keeper, or Lords Commit oners as aforesaid, mall have Poorer and Authority to allow* such Bankrupt's Certificate, Hi the like Maj&ner as if (he Tape bad been signed agreeable to the Laws now in being, and grant or make such other Order thereupon* for the Relief and Discharge of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts from his, her, or their Debts as aforesaid, or other wise, as to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, shall foetp proper; which Certificate, if so allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been duly obtained and allowed agreeable to the Directions of the several Laws now.in Force concerning Bankritpts j any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And whereas the Case of Thomas Touchet, late of Manchester, Merchant, and jnow a Prisoner in the Kings Bench Prison, is attended with very particular Circumstances, and that the fakl Thomas Touchet is Lunatick ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That although theauin due and owing by the said Thomas Touchet to one Creditor does exceed the Sum of one t hou (and Pounds* and »roewith (landing his said Lunacy, he the said Thomas Touehet shall be intitled to all the Benefits of this Act» in all RespectSiwbatsoever, as if the said. Thomas Touchet had riot owed more than one thousand Pounds to one Person, and was not lunatick, any Thing in thisAStto the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding and that all Alls done or contented to by the Committee of his Estate and Effij&s shall be good and valid to all Intents.and Purposes, as if the same were done and consented to by the {^Thomas Tmhu timself.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and reduce into one AH tf Parliament, the general Laws new in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain tolled England, and for other Purposes; which relates to the counterfipking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, and other Carriages, to be used on Turn* pike Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act, with respect to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages having die Fellies of the Wheels of the Gauge of six Inches or upwards.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of hj$ preterit Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act to explain, amend\ and reduce into one At1 of^ Parliament, the Gt- neral Laws new in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes;) it is enacted, That the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, WaHis, Carts, and other Carriages, to be used on any Turnpike Road, shall be counterfunk, by placing the fameupon the Fellies in such Manner that the Nails shall not rife above the Surface, and that the Sole or Surface of the Wheels shall be quite flat; and that the Owner of every-Carriage offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; and every Driver, not being the Owner, the Sum of twenty Shillings* for every Offence; which Provisions are attended with great Inconvenience ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tfte ftipe. That the said Clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas by the said Act it is provided, That no Person or Persons shall be allowed to take the Benefit of certain Exceptions in the said Act mentioned, or have the Power of compounding for Tolls, in icfped of Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge or six Inches, or upwards, unless the Fellies, and the Tire upon such Fellies, shall lie flat: And whereas Doubts may arise concerning the Construction of the said Provision, which, according to the flrid Sense of the Words, cannot be complied with: To the End therefore that all Persons who shall endeavour to comply with the said Provisions may receive the Benefit of such Exemptions and Compositions be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of six Inches, or upwards, the Fellies or Tire whereof shall not deviate more than one Inch from a flat Surface, shall be deemed and taken to be flat, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

CAP. XL.

'An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions, specified in the Ad, relative to the State of the Poor; and to authorise and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be transrxmted to the Clerk of the Parliaments.

WHEREAS the great and encreasing Expence of maintaining and providing for the Poor, within % that Part of Great Britain called England, and the continual Distresses of the Poor notwithstand- ing, make it highly expedient for the Lagiflaturq. to fake that great, Subicd into their mofl ferrous Con* VowXIL 4 E 4 sideration:

Clapfein favour of Thomaa Touchet, Merchant.

'Preamble.

A Clause in AAi| Geo. III. redted,

and repealed*

A Provision III the said A* respecting the Fellieaand Tire of Carriage*, fee. explained*

Preumb

576

Printed Copies of this Act to be transmitted, by George White Esquire, to the Clerics of the Peace, &c. in England and Wales, to be di-stribuetd amongst the Justices, Sec, Returns made by Overseers to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments.

Justice*, between the Midsummer Session and G£h to, 1776, to appoint Meeting, and give Notice to Overseers to attend them, &c.

Overseers to give in Answers and Returns agreeable to, and to take the Oath contained in, the Schedule, &c.

Justices to deliver the Answera and Returna to High Constables.

The Duty of ' High Constablea inputting this Act in Execution.

Penalty for Ne-gled thereof.

Overseers to attend the Justice* at Meetings, and deliver, in Writing, true Answer3 and Returns, &c. Overseers im-yowered to take Copies of Accounts of preceding Overseers.

Penalty on Persont refuting to deliver such Accounts.

C. 40. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

sideration: And whereas Information of the State of the Poor, and the Nature of those Expences, may be necessary to be procured in order to enable the two Houses of Parliament to judge of proper Remedies to redress those Grievances 5 but it is apprehended such Information cannot be effectually obtained with- out the Aid and Authority of Parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act shall, as soon as conveniently may be, after the passing hereof, be transmitted, by George White, Esquire, one of the Clerks of the House of Commons, to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, and Counties Corporate, in England and Wales; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall, and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the acting Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits; and also to cause a sufficient Number of the Schedule to this Act annexed, to be printed and delivered to the High Constables, or other proper Officers within their respective Limits, at the Midsummer Quarter Session of the Peace in one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also to receive the Answers and Returns made by Overseers of the Poor, pursuant to the Directions herein after given, and transmit the same to the Clerk of the Parliaments with all convenient Speed, in order that the same may be inspected by the Members of both Houses of Parliament, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect and Default, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions in England and Wales, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Midsummer Session, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, appoint a Time and Place or Times and Places, which Time or Times shall be on or before the twentieth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, for the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, within their respective Jurisdictions, to attend them at such Meeting or Meetings for the Purposes of this Act, with Returns and Answers to the Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and cause Notice thereof to be given to such Overseers respectively, and also to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior Officers within such respective Jurisdictions, requiring their. Attendances at such Meetings for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace shall, and they are hereby also required, at such Meeting or Meetings, so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to receive and take the Answers and Returns to be made by the Overseers of the Poor pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, and then and there administer to them respectively the Oath contained in the said Schedule and such Justices, if they fee cause, may examine such Overseers upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and call for the Accounts of the Overseers of the Poor for the preceding Year, if they shall see fit, in order to explain and verify the said Accounts as shall be fhen made; and the said Justices shall then deliver such Answers and Returns to the respective High Constables or other proper Officers as aforesaid, in order that the same may be by them transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks, as herein is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the High Constables, or other proper Officers so described at* aforesaid, within the respective Jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions in one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the said Clerks of the Peace, or Town Clerks, the said printed Schedules, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, one such Schedule to one of the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, or Place, as well within Towns-Corporate as without, within their respective Limits; and, when required by the respective Justices of the reace as aforesaid, attend the said respective Meetings, and then and there receive the several Answers and Returns made by the Overseers of the Poor, and indorse upon the Back of each of them the Nam© of the Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, or County Corporate, wherein the Parish, Township, or Place, therein mentioned, is situate, and transmit the same, together with a true and perfect Lift of the Names of the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, and Place, to whom such Schedules had been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the Peace, and Town Clerks, at the then next Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the Adjournment thereof, which Adjournment the Justices at such Quarter Sessions are required to make to some convenient Day, within one Week after the said twentieth Day of OSloher, in Cases where such Returns shall not be made at the said Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default or Neglect in the Matters aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, and Place, shall, and are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings, and then and there deliver to the said Justices, in Writing signed by them, a just and true Answer and Return to the said Questions, upon Oath, as before directed; and that every Overseer making Default in any of the Matters hereby required, shall, for every such Neglect or Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made: And in order to enable the said Overseers to make Answers and Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorised and impowered to call for, inspect, and take Copies of, the Accounts of the preceding Overseers, or so much thereof as shall be necessary; and every Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Power every such Accounts shall be, shall and are hereby required to produce and deliver such Accounts to the said Overseers, for the Purposes aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default or Neglect in the Premises, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.- 577

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed, for the Trouble and Expences of the several Persons employed in the Tran factions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Drredions aforesaid, the Sums following, and no more; videlicet, To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return which shall be made from every such Parish, Township, and Place, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence: To the High Constable, or other proper Officer, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence: To the Overseers of the Poor, for the like, the Sum of two Shillings: To the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling: And that the Justices of the Peace, at their respective Quarter Session, which shall be held next after Michaelmas) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, shall, and are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, and Counties Corporate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied bjr Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of u Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus, if any, after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall nottbc found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for a Term not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid and applied, one Half to thelnformer, and the other Half to the said respective Treasurers in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying, or being liable to pay, to such County Rates.

Feet to be allowed for each Return*

To the Clerk of the Peace, 2f.6d.

High Constable j xi. 6d. Overseers, 2 s. Justices Clerlcr, is.

Penalties and Forfeitures* host

to be recovere4 and applied*

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS^ to whieby by Direction of an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty King George the Third) intituled, An Act for obliging the " Overseers of the Poor) within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Que/lionsspecified in the Act, relative to the cc State of their Poor: and to authorise and require the Justices of the Peaces within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions) in the several Coun- ties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath) and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments ;n Answers are to be returned by the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township) and Place) in Writing) upon Oath) and signed by them, for which Purtofe the said Overseers are to attend the Justices of the Peace) within their respective Jurisdictions, at such Times and Places as they shall appoint, on Pain of forfeiting) for every Default or Neglect) a Sum. not exceeding five Pounds, nor left thanforty Shillings*

J. 1T7HAT was the Amount of the Assessments Vy for the Relief of the Poor, in the Year ending ztEafler, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six?

ll. How much of those Assessments was applied for the Relief or on Account of the Poor, and how much for the Payment of County Rates, or any other Purposes; distinguistung also the Amount of what paid for the Rent of Workhouses, or paid or allowed for Habitations for the Poor; and, if any of the Poor reside in Houses buik at the Expence of the Parish, Township, or Place, state the total annual Value of such Houses

ANSWERS returned to those QuefionS) by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish [ Township, or Extraparochial Place, as the Case may be] of

in the County [Riding) Division, &c. as the Case may be] of the Day of 10*

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six

THE Assessments for the Relief of the Poor, in the Year ending at EafftT) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, amounted to

There was applied of the Money collected under those Assessments, on Account of the Poor only, £.

Ditto for the Payment of County Rates, or other Purposes, the Sum of £.

Out of which Money applied on Account of the Poor, there was paid for Rent of Workhouses, the Sum of £.

Out of Ditto there was paid or applied for Habitations for the Poor, the Sum of

The annual Value of Houses occupied by poor Persons, which are the Property of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, [Township, or Extra - parochial Place] amounts to £.

57 8

C. 4.1. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

III. What Nbmbee of Poor have received constant Relief during than Year and what bar been the Expence thereof; as near as the same cm be cftt* matbdf

The Number of Poor who received constant Relief in that Year, was

The Expence of maintaining them, as near as the same can be efti mated, amounted to £.

IV. Is there a Workhouse in your Pariflr? If fb» what Number of Poor will it accommodate I

There is a* Workhouse, which will accommodate ! about Persons.

Yu What war expended in Litigations about Settlements. Removals; Appeals, or other Disputes concerning the Poori within that Year; diflan-guifUing how much of (boh Expencesfarofe from Dilates with PatKhee, Town ships, or Places, nbt within the County* Ridings Division, Pre-craft^ Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, or County Corporate, wherein hid* Parish, Township, Place lay?

There was expended in Litigations, about Settlements, Removals, and other Disputes concerning1 the Poor, within that Year, as near as the same can.be estimated, the Sum of £.

Of which there was expended in Disputes wkh Pa* riihes, Townshipsv or Places, not within the County, Riding, Division, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, or County Corporate, wherein such

lay the Sum of

Form of tbs Oaths

c \T OU (half swear, That the Answer and Return now made by you to the several Questions contained 1 in the Schedule thereunto annexed, is a full and true Answer to the said Questions, to the best of your Knowledge and Belief.*

CAP. XLI.

Preamble*

A a 15 GsoJIL Sccited#

Acetal of w AO of the Parliament of Ireland, if Geo.

HI#

An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of the Aitftnun Netherlands* imported into Ireland* for a limited Time.

WHEREAS, determined by an Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for allowing the Cloathing and Accoutrements nuessary for his Majesty's Forces, paid out of his Alajeffs Revenues arisehg in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported fresh thence to the Places where such Forces an ordered to ferae * and for granting a Bbunty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, for a limited Time)* reciting, That, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, the third Year of his Ma- lefty's Reign, a Premium or Bounty of five Shillings Hogshead is allowed and paid out of the Revenue of that Kingdom upon the Importation of Flax Seed, which Bounty was not, at that Time, sufficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby, and it was expedient that some farther Encouragement should be given for a limited Time, to induce the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland* in order to promote and encourage the Linen Manufactures of that Kingdom; it is therefore, amonest other Things, enacted by the said recited Act, That, from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fir, for and during the Space of two Years, and from thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a further Bounty of five Shillings Hogshead, shall be allowed for all Flax Seed imported into the Kingdom of Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England* or any four or more of them, for order the said Bounty thereby granted, to be paid by the Receiver general.of the Customs, out of any Money in his Hands, arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management, to the Importer or Import- ers of such Flax Seed, or to his or their Assigns, duly authorised to receive the same, upon his or the r 4 producing a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port in Ireland, where such Flax Seed was imported and landed, certifying the Number *Of Hogsheads so handed, with the Name of the Ship and Matter in which, and the Place from wfctnce, and by whom* and at what Time the same was imported, and that the Bounty granted by the before mentioned Act of Parliament,; made in Ireland* had been paid and allowed for the same: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland* in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty rs Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the third Year of his Majestys Reign, (intituled, "An Act for the continuing the Encouragement riven by former Act of Parliament, tathe Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures)* a Bounty of five Shillings per Hogshead is allowed, and paid out of the Revenue of that Kingdom* upon the Importation of Flax Seed, of the Growth of the United Provinces* or of the Aujhian Netherlands- from the first Day of January* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, until the nest Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, subject to the several Clauses, Regulations, and Re- ftrtftieas, contained in the said Act of Parliament, made in Ireland* in the third Year of his Majesty *s Reign, concerning the Bounties therein given and provided: And whereas, iit order to encourage and promote the Linen Manufactures in Ireland* it is deemed expedient in lilce Manner to extend the Bounty

Kluted by the said recited Act of Parliament, made in this Kingdom, in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to alt Flax Seed; of the Growth of the said United Provinces^ and of the Aujlrtan Nether- lands* imported from thence into Irelandmay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the tamev That a Bounty of five Shillings per Hogshead shall be allowed, for all Flax Seed, of the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 42,43, 579

Growth of the said United Provinces, or of the Austrain Netherlands, which hath been, or shall be, imported from thence into the Kingdom of Ireland, from and after the said first Day of January, one thou- of*

thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, for and during the Space of two Years, and from thcnqc to the End, the Growth of of the then next Session of Parliament; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his

tfeeUmtui Province*,

Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, to order the said Bounty, granted by this Act, &c. im-

She paid by the Receiver-general of the Customs out of any Money in his Hands, arising by any of the pwredinto irt-a ties or Revenues under their Management^ to the Importer or Importers of such Flaxoeed, or to hit for*

or their Assigns, duly authorised to receive the same, upon his or their producing a Certificate under the ti, Yevk Hands and Seal of Office, of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port in Ireland, where such Flax Seed was imported and landed, certifying the Number of Hogsheads so landed, with the Name of the Ship and Master in which, and the Place from whence, and by whom* and at what Time, tho fame was imported, and that the Bounty granted by the before mentioned Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, had been paid and allowed for the same.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Prcston, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Com, Grain, and Flour is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, intituled, An Act to rtgtdaUtho Importation and Exportation of Corn.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of^ Corn) it is enacted, That in case any Wheat AO n. GeoJir, 4 or Wheat Flour, Kye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into any or fedwd*

either of the Ports in the said Act particularly mentioned, at any time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour respectively; the same,

upon due Entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or Yeilel, in which fuel*

4 Species of Corn, Grain* or Flour, shall be so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Of- ficers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties, under Certain Restrictions and Regulations,.

in the said Act mentioned and prescribed: And whereas it is expedient that Com, Grain, and Flour,.

imported into the Port oi Preston at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour respectively, should in like Manner be landed1 4 without Payment of the said Duties ;\may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord*

Spiritual and emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament idem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Wheat, or Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be «ri>efrid A* imported into the said Port of Prefix at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall extended to ti* be due andi payable for such Species of Com, Grain, or Flour respectively; the same, upon due Entry P#rtofPrefton, thereof* naay be forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or Vessel in which such Species of Corn, Grain* with tefeea to or Flour* shall be so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties; and such Corn, Grain, and Flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehoused, mod to be delivered in the same Manner, and under and subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Corn, Grain* and Flour, imported into any or either of the several Porta mentioned in the said Act are subject and liable to, as fully and effoftually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Port of Prtflon had been included in the said Act any Law* Custom, or Usage, to the contrary (hereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offender* who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

WHEREAS the Transportation of Convicts to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, ftctmUt,

now in Use within that Part of Great Britain called England, by virtue of the several Statutes authorising such Transportation, is found to be attended with various* Inconveniencies, particularly by depriving this Kingdom of many Subjects whose Labour might be useful to the Community, and who*

by proper Care and Correction, might be reclaimed from their evH Courses: And whereas, until some other pore effectual Provisioivs, in the Place of Transportation to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in After tea, can be framed, such Convicts, being Males, might be employed with Benefit to the Public in raffing Sand, Soil, and Gravel from, and cleansing the River Thames 5 or being Males unfit for so severe a Labour, or being Females, might be kept to hard Labour of another Kind within England;* be it therefore enacted by the Kine's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, where any Male Person {half. Any Malt con* at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, within that Part

8o

partition to America, may, instead thereof, be kept to Hard Labour in cleansing the River Thames, &c. for auy Teim not less than three, nor more than ten Years.

In case his Ma-jesty should extend his Mercy t,>any Male con-tided of any Felony for which he is liable to fufter Death, the Judge may order the Offender to be kept to Hard Labour, for the Time specified by the Secretary of

State.

When any Offender shall be ordered to Hard Labour, the Clerk of the Assi*se, &c. shall give a Certificate to the Sheriff or Gaoler,

who shall deliver such Offender and Certificate to the Oterfeery Ac.

Expence* incurred in Conveyance of Offender* to be paid by the County, &c.

Overseer to have the same Power over Offenders in his Custody as a Sheriff or Gaoler.

Offenders to be kept to Hard Labour in railing Sand and Gravel from the Thames, See,

Offenders not to be employed in ddivf rirgBjllaft

to Mafleis of Ships, &c.

Offenders to be fed with Bread* coarse Food, and Water or Small Beer.

No Person to supply them with any other Food, &c. on Penalty yf 40 s,

C. 43. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776

of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Crime for which he shall be liable by~Law to a Sentence of Transportation to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Person shall be (o convicted, or any Court held for the same Place with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of such Punishment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Person shall be punished by being kept to Hard Labour in the raising Sand, Soil, and Gravel from, and cleansing the River Thames, or any other Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of the said River, under the Management and Direction of an Overseer or Overseers, to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace, for the same Term of Years as the Transportation for the said Offence might by Law have been adjudged, or for such shorterTerm as such Court shall think fit to order and adjudge; provided that the same shall in no Case bcless than three Years, or more than ten Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any Male Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminerf or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of any Robbery, or other Felony, for which he shall by Law be liable to fufter Death without Benefit of Clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the Royal Mercy to any such Offender, upon Condition of being kept to Hard Labour for the Term of Ten Years, or any other shorter Time to be specified, in the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid; and such Intention of Mercy shall be notified in Writing by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Judge or justice of Over and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, in any County, City, or Place, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted or condemned, it shall and may be lawful for every such Judge or Justice of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, to make an Order for allowing forthwith to every such Offender the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, in the same Manner as if there was a Pardon under the: Great Seal; and may and shall adjudge, that every such Offender shall be kept to Hard Labour, in the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, for the Time specified in the Notification from such Secretary of State.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender shall be ordered to be kept to Hard Labour, in Manner aforesaid, or as herein after is directed, the Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court by which such Order shall be made, shall give to the Sheriff or Gaoler, having the Custody of such Offender, a Certificate in Writing, under his Hand, containing an Account of the Christian Name, Surname, and Age of such Offender; of his Offence, of the Court before whom be was convicted, and of the Term for which he shall be so ordered to Hard Labour; and the Sheriff, or Gaoler, having the Custody of such Offender, shall, with all convenient Speed, after the making of any such Order, and receiving of such Certificate, convey such Offender, or cause him to be conveyed, to such Place within England; and also deliver such Offender, or cause him to be delivered, together with the said Certificate, to such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid; and the Overseer or Overseers, to whom any such Offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper Receipt in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, which shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff, or Gaoler, so delivering such Offender.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred by any Sheriff or Gaoler, in the Conveyance of any such Offender as aforesaid, shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, for which the Court, ordering such Punishment by Hard Labour instead of Transportation to America, shall be held; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expences from the Treasurer for such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, by Order of the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarterly, or other General Session, who are hereby required to make such Order accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That, after Delivery of any such Offender, as aforesaid, into the Custody

to which he shall be adjudged, the Overseer or Overseers, who shall have the Custody of such Offender, shall, during the Term for which he shall be ordered to Hard Labour, have the same Powers over such Offender as are incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler; and in case of any Abuse of the Custody, or other Misbehaviour in Discharge of his Office, shall be liable to the same Punishment as a Gaoler; and also shall, during such Term as aforesaid, keep such Offender to Hard Labour, either in raising Sand, Soil, and Gravel from, and cleansing the Thames, or in any other laborious Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of tht Thames, but at such Places only, and subject to such Directions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity House shall from Time to Time prescribe.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That such Offenders shall, in no Case, be employed in delivering Tonnage of Ballad to Matters and Commanders of Ships, but only in digging, raising, and taking up, the Gravel, Sand, and Soil, from the Shelves and Sand-banks of the said River of Thames, and in discharging the same upon the Shore, above the High-water Mark, or in some other laborious Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of the Thames.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be ordered to Hard Labour, in the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, shall, during the Time of such Service, be fed and sustained with Bread, and any coarse or inferior Food, and Water, or Small Beer, and also cloathed 5 and such Offender shall not, during the Term of such Service, be permitted to have any other Food, Drink, or Cloathing, than such as shall be so allotted to them; and if any Person shall supply any such Offender* at any time during the Term of his said Service, with any Drink, Food, or Cloathing, other than such as shall be so directed or permitted, he or she so supplying shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43. 581

VIII. 'And be it further enacted, That if any Offender, who shall be so delivered as aforesaid to be kept to'Hard Labour, shall, during the Term of such Service, refuse to perform any Labour authorised by this Act, or who shall be guilty of any other Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers having the Custody of any such Offender, to order such Whipping, or other moderate Punishment, to be inflicted upon him, as may be inflicted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction for Hard Labour.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be delivered to be kept to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid, shall, at the End of the Term of such Service, and upon being restored to his Liberty, receive from the Overseer or Overseers, under whom he shall have so served, such Sum of Money, not being less than forty Shillings, nor more than five Pounds, together with such decent Cloathing as the Court, into which such Returns shall be made, as herein after mentioned, shall appoint: And if any such Offender, whilst confined to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid, shall, by his Lnduftry and other good Behaviour, {hew such Signs of Reformation, as shall induce the said Court to recommend him as an Object of his Majesty's Mercy, and it shall be thereupon signified, by a Letter from one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks fit, in Consideration of such good Behaviour, to shorten the Duration of such Offender's Term, such Offender shall be accordingly set at Liberty at the Time mentioned in such Letter; and shall receive a Sum of Money from his Overseer or Overseers, together with Cloathing, in the same Manner as if he had served the Whole of the Te/m for which he was adjudged to serve.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division. City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of Grand or Petty Larceny, or any other Crime, for which he or she shall be liable by Law to Transportation to any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, it shall be lawful for the Court, in which any such Offender shall be so convicted, or any Court held for the same Place, and with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of such Punishment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Person shall be sent to some proper Place of Confinement within the said County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, to be appointed for that Purpose in Manner herein after mentioned, there to be kept to Hard Labour, for such Term or Number of Years as such Court shall appoint, not exceeding the Term or Number of Years for which the Transportation for the said Offence might have been adjudged: Provided, That the same shall in no Case be less than three Years, or more than ten Years

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall, at any Session of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter, or other General Session of the Peace, for any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convi<3ed of any Robbery, or other Felony, for which he or she shall by Law be liable to suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the Royal Mercy to any such Offender, upon Condition of being kept to Hard Labour at the Place of Confinement to be appointed for that Purpose in Manner herein after mentioned, and such Intention of Mercy shall be notified in Writing, by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the Judge or Justice of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, in any County, City, or Place, before whom such Offender shall be convicted or condemned; it shall and may be lawful for every such Judge or Justice of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, to make an Order for allowing forthwith to every such Offender the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, in the same Manner as if there was a conditional Pardon under the Great Seal, and may and shall adjudge that every such Offender shall be kept to Hard Labour for the Time specified in the Notification from such Secretary of State.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender shall be ordered to be kept to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid, the Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court by which such Order shall be made, shall give to the Sheriff or Gaoler, having the Custody of such Offender, a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, containing an Account of the Christian Name, Surname, and Age of such Offender, of his or her Offence, of the Court before whom he or she was convicted, and of the Term for which he or she shall be ordered to Hard Labour; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall, with all convenient Speed after the making of any such Order, and receiving of such Certificate, convey such Offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed, to the proper House of Correction, and deliver such Offender, or cause him or her to be delivered, together with the said Certificate, into the Custody of the Matter or Keeper of such House of Correction; and the Person or Persons to whom such Offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper Receipt in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, which shall be a Sufficient Discharge to thejjheriff. Gaoler, or other Person, so delivering any such Offender; and all Expences incurred by any Sheriff or Gaoler, in the Conveyance of any such Offender to the House of Corte&ion in Manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, or Place, for which the Court ordering such Punishment by Hard Labour shall be held, in the same Manner as is herein before directed in respetft to Offenders ordered to Hard Labour in removing Sand, Soil, and Gravel from, and cleansing the River Thames.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for every County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty* Borough, Town, and Place, within that Partof Great Britain called England shall, at the first Quarter or other General Session of the Peace, which shall be held next after the passing of this Act, take into Consideration the State of their respective Houses of Correction, in order that proper Places within the same, or elsewhere, within each respective County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Bo-Jough, Tgwn, and Place, may be prepared for the Reception of such Offenders as shall be ordered to Hard

Labour

Offender who refuse to work, or otherwise mi/behave them* felvesf, may be whipped. Sac,

Every Offender, at 'he End of hi# Confinement, shall receive a Sum of Money, not less than 40s. nor m6re than 5 I. together with decent Cloathing.

His Majesty, oil' the good Behaviour of Offenders, may shorten the Term of their Confinement.

Any Person, convicted of any Crimepunish-able by Transportation! may be sent to some Place of Confinement within the County, See, and there kept !o Hard Labour for not left than three Year*, nor more than ten Year*.

In case his Majesty /hould extend hit Mercy to any Person guilty of any Felony punish-able by Death, the Judge may order the Often* der to be kept to Hard Labour, for the Time specified by the Secretary of State.

When any Offender shall be ordered to Hard Labour, the Ckik of Assize, &c. shall give a Certificate to the; Sheriffor Cao-Jer,

who shall deliver such Prisoner,

Sect to the Keeper of the proper Hoofe of Cor-region j who shall gTvea Receipt for the same.

E1pence* of Conveyance to* be paid by the County, See, Justices for every County,

See. in England to prepare their Houses of Correction for Reception of Of* feaden j

5* C. 4$.

and togire Di-Testion; for their Governor cnt, and keeping them to Hard Labour.

Penalty on Persons rescuing Offenders ordered to Hard Labour;

ot aflifttngln dn Attempt to make an E/cape, &c.

Pdhalty bn Persona ordered to Hard Labour 'htfhb shall effrotn Con-

Labourtb^«Inr;ljy-Fpccfr,o< Har4JLalbovni<fafld for :tJpeif., mal^uth Qr& if »«w suchju$ip*9 ft.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

this;

1776.

to

topp* and make

yiorofter

:e of this

S&

ihenr, &c.

®! fte w PurfQ&s, a^ io^k^e

ntr>K^u1a4ion, vatid QqvtfnmepL Hi,

nwft fit.and.prqpfi^ *qAjftff|[(AJc authqri,

any.^ulfejof ftc Ci large of his Ufhce, be liable to the Tame runishment as ^Gaoler.,

XIV. Ao4^eitrf^ttl>M.epa<^dv*T!h5rt if anpRo-ron Aal^ refgue^ny Offender, who' _ _ ,

Ad£ shall He ordered, to^Har^ Lahore* ifi removing $and, Soil, and Gravel, ftpqa, River

TlMwtW'Oiin any, Place of Coafinetyqftt ^pkppiot^d ,by viftwe of this Act, either io bi's^y^ Qmyeyaiice to*|tl)r PJfeee appointed for,:f<*dk Ward Labour, sech. O&Vnder ^ndervthis the

Custody^ the Person or Persons appointed iof that Pvrpofejor if any PerfaKlh*]!^d^g^4#|ing. in any f«th feefcise, fevery such Persons shall be liable to the Uke Punishmc»t,tbM4?L^4jW dilflatifeipf Prifca in-Gerfes of Felony: And, if any Person, not haying the a<Slual Custody of any fopkOft^dhafl be Aidia^and a&stirtg in any Escape, or shall, by supplying Arms, or Instrumenta vf Ptfa fc iWr Escape* or Qth4r^rlfe?.m»any Manner be aiding and assisting in the Attempt to make any such iEscape, though no such Escape shall be made, every mcL Person shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; which frid Per-niUyof twwpey^PmmdsAail be recoverable in any of his Majesty's Courts of hLecordt.by any Person or Persons who ftullffcre focwtbo fame; by Bill* Piqint, Action of Debt, Information,*r ocherivtleyierhetein no Eflbhiv PrtJte£H®«v criVVagar rtf Law, shall be also Wed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, who shall be ordered to Bard iLabauramdeb this Act, either in Demoting Sand, Soil, and<Jr^vel fromr and deanfing the *River ot> at any Place of Confirrement appointed by virtue of this Act, dhall, at any Time iduring the Term :£br which he or she shall be so ordered to Hard Labour, break Prison, oV escape from, the PJaceof his.pr.ber. Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Offender, he or she so breaking Prison

or efeeping, shall on Conviction, for the first Efc^y^e, be pupi(bed by doubling the Term of the Service

ime of such Escape $ and on Conviction for a second

'and Hard Labour in which he or she was it

Method

-toAdConVi&ion

wtingucpe. f^fi t^e ComUyv City;* ok Ub«m> Where-bfty ft*, *t they, ftalh ltt.ia(>|>reheitActmd^ta^AV'i*nft4ha(

or

min

hef

Mm.* -

tVffy ^l^gs-and ^XHtpenest,

fJell\rerW^,.fifths ^e,

l3H& ' "

pcl« <rf ft*where f«ch 0/d*ts *f CayH(ye»pnt>'«lr

QT ^Vom

Transcrip^nc-ilv' or^Wom.

ofds,' cdricii:

ty.fti

OffeOdrrt coif Aned by viittfe of this Act, to fee kept separate, &c.

Overseers of the P ices of Con-

f r.errent ap* p-iinted by rhii A0^ to m.>ke Return:, 01 O.ith, of the f ' K in.ri cF' tl)C

Vert' :-{-YC. '

cc*na i :cd tq. tl^r Cutlrdy. ' "When, an'to. vliorri, i hc R(. turn*: to bi made.

Pc-n.-'b/cs of tli A cl iiovv t«, be Tec* vect-i «ir,d arp:ieJ.

[Junk removed.]

nytoe,

- fitwtate'

fpunwUnd ^d>nfehbft#Uf/cnwt^ or intermix with, any Ptrfau ^r^Perfoi^pQnhited fmutny

Qiff^rQ'iVr^c^hcii^fre »fcPt?tit La^nyi of other Crime not naak, icg Laving

by? th i& R <t«!. Ab jdd <Q Sentence of iv\: Life.

jtXIX. A^cftbetit Airrt»ftenfidk<j Ey A^te Ur^f<ye(>ido That the Overseer#i^Cilh0/^ut PWcca of Gnjpftnehleni »£rom Time tAT^ne*mke, R^afm^ifpw/ying

tbh<Names(6fi ^HitlidievMti wh^> shallnbc committed ta.tlmr CyftoclviMtthe/i6>fiieoccA

ofiiwiich they.fli^ih«vrjhc^ig^BiysAte^ki«Jbefoje*-which. each Person waa convhScd,:,the.£e«acace of the Court, the A^e, bfdily^r^e^and Behaviour of every such Corn ii£l; while in Custody^ and also ! thd (alUti3d evety tlw Person>Kor PerfoD9> who shall have died tinder^such GWlody^m shall hare

efcAP?d)f^m.*fiKh.PhceorCor1fiiiemcm,!ior shall have been released from thenep hf Gnder fromjone of hv4 iviajetfty's^principal Secittariei of States such Returns from the, Ovexfters of tbcConvicts to beem-ployed in laborious Service for the Benefit of the Navigation of the Thames^ to be made the first Day of, every Term, to his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster; and from the Overseers of the other Places of Confinement to be appointed by vijr^e hLthis Act?', t<y the Justices of Assize at each Assize* and to the Justices of th? Pe^ce at ea^h Quarter ^rtoiIn;r General Sessions of the Peace, /pr %rhe County, City, Kiding, Division, or Place, within which stich Place of Confinement; shall be situate; and that every such Return shall he verified on the Oath- of the Pctfon making the same; such Oath to be made before the Court into winch such Return shall be delivered. % c -

XX. And be it further enacted, that any pecuniary Penalties created by;i which no Mode.is herein.dicfo.e prescribed, &2II be recoverable before twoi o in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, J^oiough, Towfn, or Place,

be corr.iniued, on proof of the Offence, by the Oarboi Oaths of one or more credible Witness or VVi^-neiicd, or on Confeuion of the Offender, and shall belong to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 44, 45. 583

the fame ;*and in case of Non-payment, shall be levied by Distrcft and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overpliis of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty, and the Expences of the Diihefs and Sale, fltaU be rendered to the Owner; and for want of diffident Drstress, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County,

Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, for such Term, not exceeding six Months, as such Justices shall think most proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons prose-Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, *u£d under th5* and give this Act, or the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same the GMMalif-was done by the Authority of this Act} and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or fuc. the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after Mucjoined $ or if on Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Trtblc Costs. Defendants have by Law in other cases; and though a Verdict shall be given to any Plaintiff in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge, before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against Limitation of the Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County Asians, or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within six Months after the Fad committed, and not otherwise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue to be in Force for two Years, and also Continuance of to the End of the then Session; or if the said Term of two Years shall not determine during any Session, then till the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for suspending, for a limited Time, so much of an A d, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for relating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of 1e(s Breadth or Gauge than six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls; and for vacating Contracts for leafing ToUs.

enacted,"That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September*one thousand seven hundred and " seventy-six, a Double Toll shall be paid for the Passage through Turnpike-gates, of all Carriages having

the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than six Inches from Side to Side; And whereas great Inconveniences would arise if the said Provision (hotild take Eflfed on the said twenty-ninth Day of September ;9 may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T<

Preurilt,

AA 13Oce.ro,

ing s most excellent Majesty, by poriJ, and Commons, in this jpresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Ho much of the said Act as cnads that the Trustees appointed by virtue or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament made for repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, or such Person or Persons as are authorised by thumb jjhsllnnd may and are thereby required to demand and take for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereoflof less Breadth or Gauge than six Inches from Side to

Ntdthfiia rectos A & toft oM to cere Yen.

Side, at the haft, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same, from and after the twentyi-ijinth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six. Double the Tolls or Duties yhich are or shall be payable for the same respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made for amending or repairing Turnpike Roads, before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage respectively, shall JbcjKrpailfed to pass through any Turtipike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, where Toils shall be payable by virtue of any such Acts, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, suspended until the twenty-ninth Day of $tptejnber one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight-II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Trustees, apd they are hereby required to release all Lessees of Tolls within th$ir refoedive Jurisdictions, from their rdpedive Coptrads, at the End of the current Year, if such Lessees shall desire the same.

CAP. XLV.

Ldtof of ToU« may be raleafcS from tfcetr Cop* traltf attbcgftS of the current Year.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

[Preamble.]

assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty *s most gracious Message, signifying that your Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of your faithful Commens, and, considering that, during the present Troubles in North America, Emergencies may arise

\ s

8+

Credit of Loan granted to his Majesty for i,000,coo!. Treaf'jry may raise the same by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Act of this Section, concerning Loans, &c.

The Clauses, &c. In the said Act relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills,

(Exception) extended to the Loans, See, to be made in ptsr-fuance of this Act.

Principal ard Interest, wiib Charges, to be paid out of the next Supplies, and if none sufficient be granted before July 5, 1777, then to be paid out of the Sinking Fund; k

and the Monies so ifioed to be replaced out of the first Supplies.

The Bank ins-powered to advance on the said Credit of Loan any Sums not exceeding J,coo, oooo I.

Q. -4*5*:

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

-which may be of the'vlmaft Importance* and be attended with the most dangerous Consequences, if

proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeit them^ is desirous that Wc will T 4 enable your Majesty to defray-any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services*, so# the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-sixi and at the Exigency of

Affairs may require; and that your Majesty, having judged it expedient to issue your Royal Proclama- tion, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the fourteenth Year of your Reign, for calling in and recoining the Remainder of the deficient Gold Coin, doubts not but that we w*H enable your Ma-4 Jefty to make good the Charges which shall be incurred in that Service, and which cannot at this Time be ascertained; have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of One Million for thbfe Purposes and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or fair the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body ot Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the said Sum of One Million, in the same or like Manner, Form, and.Order, and ao-cording to the same or like Rules and Drrc&ions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon-Malt, Mum> tydert and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six^ are enabled and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,' all'and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Actj seUtii^g to the Loans or Exchequer t Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (extepr such Clauds as 4o charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid fof *the Forbearance~of' Money lent on the Credit of the said Act), shall be applied and extended- to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuanefe^of this Act, as fully said effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bilty badbeeiLaingiQally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if (he said several Clauses uf Provi£oe$ had beep particularly repeated and re~enacted in the Body of this Act. -

III. And be it further enacted by the "Authority aforesaid,* That all such Loans Or Exchequer Bills* together with the Interest, Premium, Rate* and Charges", incident to or attending the same, shall be* and, are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids or Supplies, which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in ease sufficient Aids or Supplies for tnaC Purpose, shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven* then all, the said LoanS or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, $nd Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, rat any Ttm^ or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, E^ccfTes, Overplus-monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The. Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular life or Usesljy any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) ;'and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may he iftucd and applied, as foofi as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off*, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the re fpc£tive Proprietors (hereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus-monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted In Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for th* Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in (he Whole the Sum of One Million; any Thing in an Act, made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William abd Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Ala] i'fucs fever a I Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, far securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said ASl mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, toward carrying on the War against France* to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C. 46, 47. 5P5

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to Enable the Commissioners of h\s MajestyY Treasury to order; and allow; our of the MoOey fifing by the Coinage Duty, a certain $um therein mentioned, so; the E^t-pence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, overhand above the*

' $uni yearly allowed for that Purpose.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the mire tjfeftualpreventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin), it is, amongst other Things, enacted,

High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall

Act 15 Geo. lU. recited.

That the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords' Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall and may order and allow, out of the Money ftrifing by the Coinage Duty, such Sum of Money, for defraying the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, as he or they shall lee fit, provided that the said Expences do not, in any one Year, exceed the Sum of six hundred Pounds:

And whereas the Expences necessarily incurred in prosecuting such Offenders, during the Course of the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand sevendmndred and seventy-four; amounted to*he Sum of one thousand one hundred and

fifty-two Pounds and Eight-pence Halfpenny, over and above the Sum of six hundred Pounds allowed

in each of those Years for that Service 5 and as the Law now stands; the said Sum of one thousand one hundred and fifty-two Pounds and Eight^pence Halfpenny cannot be brought to Account;' may it <hereforo*please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;'and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Corneal of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,; in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and may, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, order and allow such farther Sum, not exceeding one thousand one hundred and nifty-two Pounds and Eight-pence Halfpenny, for the Expences of the said Prosecutions; during the Course of the said Yearte One thousand seven hundred and Seventy-two, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, over and above the said six hundred tf^obnds limited yearly* the said redted Act, or any other Law, ^Statute, Provision, or Wage,1 to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Trdandy arid‘the British P6[rtinions in Europe and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Hand of Newfoundland.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intlfuled^/b for the Encouragernent of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Rctui n of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season, certain Bounties were granted to induce his Majesty's European Subjects to carry on the Whale Fishery in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights: And whereas a valuable Whale Fishery has been lately discovered in the Seas to the Southward of the Latitude of forty-four Degrees North; for carrying on which it is necessary that the Ships to be employed therein should be fitted out at a different Season of the Year from that mentioned in the said in Part recited Act, and it is just and expedient that the like Bounties should be granted to Ships so fitted out and employed in such Fishery May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted Dy the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fun'. That the several Bounties hereafter mentioned shall be allowed annually for eleven Years, for five Vrfiels which fin 11 be employed in the said Fishery in the Seas to the Southward of the Latitude of forty-four Degrees North, under the Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressed; (that is. to say) Such Vessels shall appear by t their Register to be British builr, and owned by his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alan, and navigated with Three-fourths of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsy, jersey, or Man, bTides the M:\fter, and shall be firted and cleared out from some Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, 'Jersey, or Alan, after the first Day of August and before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and between the first Day of August and the first Day of November in each succceding Year and shall take and kill one Whale at the lead in the said Seas, to the Southward of the said Latitude of forty-four t Degrees North,- and shall return, before the first Day of August next following in each Year, to some Poet in England, with the Oil of such Whale or Whales so taken as aforesaid; and on the Mafrcr and Mate. of such Vessel, and two of the Mariners belonging tp her^making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of her Arrival (which Oath they are hereby atithorifi-d and required to administer), that such Oil is tbcProduce of one or more Whale or Whales taken and killed by the Crew then belonging to such Vessel, mentioning the Time when flic departed from Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, and from what Port, and the Time and Place where. such Whale or Whales was pr were taken and killed, such Qil may be landed without Payment of any *- 4 F 2 ' ‘‘ ' v - ' Duty

1,1511. OS. 8d. Halfpenny ex-triordtnary to be allowed for defraying Expences of Prosecutionl relating to the Coin, during the Years 1771, 1773, and *"74«

PteaniMe^. AaiSC<odJI. recited.

Bounties to be a! ewrd, for i| Ye vi5, to Vef* fcls fitted out from Gieac Bii. tain, ,^tc. for the Wh.lc Fishery In the Seas Southward of I af. 44 Degrees North,

*86

N* Bounty Co be allowed to any Vessel employed in the Whslr' Fishery, bo too certain Condi* lion*.

Aaio Geo. III.

recited.

Feet to be taken by the Officers or the Customa in Newfoundland.

[Preamble.]

Act 5 Geo. III. recited.

C. 4*8#

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Duty whatfOeyrt}‘ Snd A* ColleSoPhM GbriipttoHer of such Port shall tfcereupdh forthwith transink such Oath the,€*miVnffiotiert ,cf Irij MajestyVCPHtpiia any sots or more of whom are Hereby

trtronjW Ihd'tHjtHred- u jimref his Custom. ta*pdyoof bf-My Mmkt

in Ddiidt 'imdW- Iheft Management,1 for the VWTei which Qftllferahrlvrim'fcacn

Year With fhi^YCi tW rQpadf <W(bi Hfkert asafotV^M, five hundred Pounds; for the VtflM which (half In WccMitmer Uitrfve'in the ftmeYetr, wtth 'the next greutaft Quantity of Oil {6 take* as aforesaid, fourhh diked RountfoTfor the Veil'd which shall in like Manner arrive in the some Yeaf,‘With the next dreateffQyairtityof Cm.to takeft1 dsaforesaid, three hundred Pounds for the Vessel which: shall in like nfaiWSf ^rriVe iri thfr'firrte <Yeaii» with the next^greatcflQuantityOf Oil so taken* as aforesaid, tWO-hun-dfriJ^lfondS jkrid for 'Hie V eflep which shall incite Manner-write til the same Year with-ttekieit-greetcft QUa tWfO! [ WWkfeU as aforesaid,0he hundred Pounds j the (kid Oil to be imported by eut bed the

fe&T Vessels bei;{g WlS1 Produce of one Whale at the iehfi-; which fold fewral and respective' wbUntieeflAll be-'pali. BYTadh Recfiter^general, within two Momhs after the Expiration of each Year iipwhich such Vefll-l Bull arrWe; so the (Owner or Owners of such Vessels so intidtd thereto, or ditirAlBgWt duly aifthieT^ftd to demand the same.

lr.1 Pr6Vide<} always, and if is hereby further ensued by the Authority -aforesaid, That no Bounty fltvH be-afWWed dr paid for-srty SHipwbkh, fromahd after the said first Day of August one thousand fovendipw-sted krii feVentV-flkl fl^l' be YSted out and employed hi the Whrie Fishery, in pirfoance ofmtPA^ unless the whole and epthe1 Property of such Shfw o* YefibMhsH belong to foroeorfifc MajestyVSuMa&a rending in that Part of hu ^fsjesty'S Dorntfrioos from Whenoe foob Ship or Vuflei shall -be refoeairely fitted and 'cleared out^ not- td any Ship which shall be so'fitted'Our and employed'm rhefold Fi(bery,' m purj-fuan^y of this Act, dt the'fold recited Act made in the left Session of Parliament, entefsfoch Ship shall have on board an Apprentice, indentured fot the Spactef three Years at the feast, for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship, every such Apprentice not exceeding the Age of eighteen Years, nor being under fourteen, at the* Time he shall be- so- indentured; any Thing in the said recked Act, drift this Aftyor »tr ‘rary ndfWkMfcanding*

any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. And" whereas- by an Act of Parliament,' made in the tenth-Year of his Majesty's Reign, if is, amongst uthet:Thin^ :enactedi-That>'for, alid during the Time thefeur mentioned fwhich AftItfoh beeafinee continued, and is now in Force), the Offieees fof Ms MafoRy'a Oufouns, aitd-Naval- Officers in the Britfjb Colonies or Plantations ift AmertcXi shall be deftned to- be imitled to, and Oml and -may

lawfully demand and Yeceive, such Fees us they and choir Prodoceflon respectketywereand had-beta generally and uftially accustomed to demand, take, and receive, before the twenty-ninth Darof -drp-tember'hW thousand seven hundred and fotty-four, and (halt have- the like Remedy for the murie, hc-cdtdfog to thevrue Intent and Meaning of1 an Act made'In ihefiftkYeac-of this said Mo^yt* Reign, therein particularly recited and referred unto: And whereas, the OScereof his MajestyY Customs now efobtScd inihe Bhu»d-of Netufbiendland not being^abl*lto difoowrandafeevtain What Fern Wens taken and fefeeived by their' tYkdecttfibra,1 before the fato twenty-ninth'Day of Stpi*mbtr w\t thousand schtn hundredadd fikty-four. Doubts have arttbn what Feed they are knitted demand knd nkeWeV inpur-fuanceor>the saidin Part recited Act:' For Remedy-whereof, be it further enacted- by aho^htfthbHty aferefoMj That so long as the (kid recited Act lhsM becontihued and remain int Fortes- the'OKfty^of his Majesty's CustdnW iftthe said llland of NtxuftunMaKd shall be, and are hereby declared tobdrehamlUtitled to afki demand,:take, and rereive, such Feea< for hit Business-done by tHewl ia'toe- Exechtion'ftHVheir Duty,- at werfr 'legally deoishdod and taken by the trice Officers of the Cvstoms at-the-Port of ifo^Kur-'in Nmfot before the first Day of jemuerf one thousand'sevendiundrtdandfoxitf^eidhr,' provided

the fold Fees (b taken are not-conWavy toi^the^ebmvefs-Directmhs of any Act ufl PaidiadKnrnmduiit^tVu) Britain ; and the said Officers of the Customs (haw have the hke^Remedy for Ae fame $ - and be hableto the same'-Fm-feitores and DifaMtiries for-exacting or receiving any greater or other Feetiban foclf a. are1 herein before allowed to be taken, as are prescribed and inflicted - in such Cases by the said recited Acts, or either of themi ad fully and effectually, to all intents and Purposes,'as if the same had been' again repeated and enacted id this present Act.

M

Anfpr^ilpwing ijuxip f^r Exportation of, or iPayment of ?,ht P^ti^ppon. Btlgles,"when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom \ to impower the commissioneri of the Customs to Order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, uphn which no ^ofecutions have been ^h?4:for the Space of five Years (except Bonds for Duties, and fox the good Behaviour of, Officers ;in the Execudoo of their Duty)', to be destroyed t and for repealing, the Duties upon Feather-Beds imported: into, this Kingdom i and for; charging t^e fame'With the; lrke Duties'hi are payable upon Feathers for Beds

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma}e(iy, intituled;

An Act fern -mire iff'eQuelly supplyinr tbt Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa with such

'Shaky<Mtbli and.Fleur, from tbritee to the Me of Mao} is, otnoogib-other Things^'enacted sod provided, That if- such Bugles- Ss shall be imported into this Kingdom, and lodged and (beared so such

5*7

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48.

Warehouse belonging to his Mijefig, hi»Tkir.fl *nd

scribeiV fh*llnetbeeither c«e«rt«4» Q*e*b<Cjfi|U

Imftflr*M»ntber«of* bwt 4b»)I> 4teu\<H>nuM«e »>J K

such, Bugl__

4frm in Exchange fof NfgrPwv to b« <;atiicd. frog) ttivpcjj ?MMhe, ydrcfish, Cfllphie*

TrMfl:>btin» #»tiCl«i irtte*ropi^d -by, tb# n.iwMbs#c$*, »§«}L Rph#k

Q#»4Wili<^«f:Tufch JBugk*

ppfoi*faritbcMf gwtt dkflft Tbmli»iMdl.l»yltbflifiiid:

a -by. tbs MWWSWJ»c*$, apq i Pj

rtavr Tsmsish M^«IWyX«4<^l/nwef4 II

- J jto rtO'P.wr«for w»u <«j4 fc

recited Act for the JKspqrt»^ of, fi^hiBi}gla,

%» which i

ronnnt

The aforesaid ' Tenn of fire Yean extended to 10 Year*, in

______litddbfaMjl*

ftfoPl' most Ejti

Cojpmonf, JnrtMt pi.

laid Bugles as have been imported into this Kingdom before died «nd fcvofMy-ibxi a,nd lodged and fecuted. in.*ny Wattbppfe belonging to his NW«AyV in fnd by itfetJon to Bu.

tbtfotdmiled A^is |wlrt*tU»d* and dbll fC»MtR«n^»l ibid TerTOsOfJve.V f ms 6$] *« tajwud

aa^eflbrged ^ft«hc T<fm» of tc& Y r«,?fr<m> tfat l®poff*iioft, thet«>fv^«y Thiwi^ibc^c A$t of WtoPtifoltLiM £bft®mtorUrM*w*> XbflK^WVII jtvanj-.i^ notwtbMdlW*,; ia 0. -v id/S^av JKncT MCi And^hflreosibyrio Aarofl^Ha#»btt»«df iHMpVwgjMYW&f tlvt Rjigo of Act AaB!r.

' GeoefrMifafodttaaaifeiMtney' *

*ttn t and ftreating tzr.tAt£fortj

ilt Drawback, p

arftogii

a Time for Prosecutions upon certain tSonds given by MfacfiOfltbimiediJeri: certain feet, UJfiurs

«/itUfnfU^ i) duiAtti prevent J&ntumkmentkfy'jfm Qfpam\\ awfor jUpprepriatin^, ibe to 4 «of wUj$fov0pdfa Jtepiatirte Mt/niesptfid «/l lode. paid fa, mating gets 4>W fafafajes en the Annuity fill i 4 attiff^nWtragenmttt^tiifi NaUdl'Sttoti' and g[Vefurthert Time fir tv-

dieting Vtienlurcias.iiibereinmentitmed.i it* ajdopj^ pthet-Things, cnadbea, That the Bond^ofn-

fa centimongifmraii tinp^mn *44ttiml 2>*h«»

h ttwyi f/T. Ufdnifar, <« fymeeiff, tUTedryne tk*nJan4 Jevtn pundred mf

feardnti on&eh expired W, BficilbBw/flWJ and fa, bettor preventing Fre^dt

wpt&g.{ciliad JiimtaiimAmfaandllw SedufitiiBs!entered; i&to» ji| pujifunnee of.an A^» made

dm«nth;Y ean of the Ueign -

ifff&tna * "

9 _, It IP __________

(orb.rI^Wpwfoicrniiico of MM«o(pr^bK^t^wft i^f ^khin tbrS Ywa'rfm the

® iWMiiKnnnAfi / Prnfnnittrih hajsiewuaa kn nne.nk>nina#l f«» h«i Kd &uMhi j^||)|i0 j &MCO

and 9II so«b Sr®!-

HheAnieintbeir.

( ww, "mj vuiw vi >i«! n-ipx-iijf a Revenue having

i&ofrnnyiBorida At reoasared to be delivered of tP:be caocel)cd. fbaih upon reasonab)e Demands refo^onaMleAitodelivet wo inch Bonds aecordhag to the Purportand Meaning.-of', that A<% then the Odb^rrfonifiBetdingAaU bcllabk'to answer to the Party gttewed all b*e Damages,«ngetbar.»i|hTrpbl«

G^MStti»t AoAMtbe*eaa*be#eiare not(rremaining,;rn the Possession obllhe Queeri atfevamlCuftopH 4 laOHle^ in(thi»4Sjngdo(n,!,gfieatBJi»eabee *f such Boodf, andvS«^ritirti as.wlf %s Other>Boods aisdt^eon

ritkv tslbmifM jshe'dMfciBxptkladon of other <oet>dsi .»#A for *be due ferfotmanee of Ship! V«fagtm in. *.(>ufful*c4 ol?dwers-j9ther) Act81of Parliament, whiob hav^ baua for many1 YnaraWhhout^aay.lWecution.

baying becoi commenced thoreoir; bo Proof being difoovored that the Cond«ion* of such Boads-bavo ant 1

bmndtdy^rfannedy though no Certificate has been produced -tn Discharge thereof, npr aoy Applica-

tion made to the Officers for Delivery thereof by the Parties concerned therexat Without which, sufficient.

Provision is not made for cancelling or destroying such Bonds, though they are ufeleft and of no £ffect

and are an unnecessary Incumbrance to the Offices where they are lodged, and occasion groat Perplexity

and Inconvenience to the several Officers lathe Execution oOtheir Duty; for Remedy whereof,'and to > *.prfyen^ the Discovtagcments which Merchants do and may, lie under by the said Bonds lying otat

against therfi, by rielfon that the Goods may have been vended- iri foreign Parts, fromwherice ne

ern»

ficate can "be produced conformable to the several Statutes requiting tlTe>rame, although the Conditions AfiwJrtrjr of the (isid Boods are or shall have been performed^ be k therefore fun

further enacted by the Authority.

1776/*!! Boadt, ukte by any

aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of Juty one thousand seven hundred and fevonty-ftXv all Handsv. ometr/nlisog which have been or shall hereafter be taken by any Officer, relating to the Revenue and Business ot; his- t»*theA«penoe Majesty^ Customs, upon which no Prosecutions nath been or shall be-commenced^ for the^Bredch-or'*frtl*c, B*0in,» Non-performanc6 of any Covenant or Condition therein cottoned* mxhinthe Space of fiveVeab fton>. the Date of such Bond or Security (except Bonds foe Duties^or other rM[aoey dj^toabe CfQwr}, apdjfor wen or shall bo the good Behaviour of the Officers in the Execution of their Duty) shall be void; and it fhalFand may be commenced Jawtul for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England afKlnSr^m/Tre^ediyely^ o>liii5r three mkhia 5 Y«»* nr more of them, to order and direct the feyend Officers under their Management^ having the CustddV of f^n Da,#

such Bonds, to cancel and deflrOy the same in^such Manner as they shall think proper, any Lkw, Custom, 7fage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

ni* And whereas by gthe Book of Rates, annexed to the^Ad of^ TounSgc and Pchindage, nsadfs an Stht

or Ufai

twtlfUr YdaAof the Reign King GhktUs the Second^ Erather Beds, oldTvor news thcvPiree^ aiw rated at two Poundsthtrteen Shillings and Four-pense, aid FthfhcVs Jor Beds the one hundred and 'twelve

Pounds are rated at itx Pounds: And whereas.

m ooder to evade the Payment of the Duties due. arid

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

payable byXaW,1 according to the before-mentioned Rate upon Feathers for Beds imported from foreign ‘ Parts, Attempts have been made fraudulently to bring into this Kingdom large Quantities of such Fea-. 4 thers, packed up in old Ticking, coarse Cloth, or other old Packages, and to enter the same under the

4 Denomination of Feather Beds, to the great Prejudice of the public Revenue, and to the Detriment of phei, RiR I. < l^c ^a‘r trader;*' (or Remedy whereof, be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from acVordln to the an^ after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the before-men-Boo°it of Ra°e» tioned Rate of two Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, for Feather Beds old or new, the Piece, 12 Car. II. re. shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and the several Duties payable upon the Importation of such pejirdi and, in Feather Beds, according to that Rate, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and, in lieu and Jieu thereof, all instead thereof, all Feather Beds, and all Feathers which have been heretofore entered under that Deno-nd*Feathers* mination, dressed or undressed, new or old, which shall be imported into this Kingdom in any sort of

heretofore en'- Package whatsoever, shall be liable to and pay thfc several Subsidies, additional Duties, and all other Im-tertd under that posts and Dufie? whatsoever, to which Feathers for Beds are and shall be liable, according to the Rate Denomination, before mentioned of six Pounds for every one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of such Feathers; which *hich said SubsidieS, Imposts, and Duties, shall be raised) levied, and pollected, recovered, paid, and applied, thw°Kin ^om *n Manner an(^ Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, Aaii h«"fable to an(i with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as the former Duties upon Feathers for Beds were the fam? Duties raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, and were subject and liable to; and all the Powers, Penai-*s Featnera for ties, srovisions, Articles, and Clauses, contained in the several Acts of Parliament which granted orcoa-Beds, according tinued the same respectively, shall continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied, practised, and ^mentioned executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering; paying, and applying, the said Subsidies, Iiri-# pods, and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act; as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, had been repeated and enacted in the Bpdy of this present Act.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and far applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for giving further Relief to the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; apd for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders* and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Most Gracious Sovereign, 1

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after * mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted/ &c.

At i,?37,428l. 3l. 10d granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury impowered to raise the said Sum, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Sinking Fund. All Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course. 44 No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs. No undue Preference in point of Registry or Payment to be made. Auditor,

neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, &c. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. Orders may be assigned. If 44 it shall be judged more adviseable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made as those prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the Malt Act of this Session, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Adh The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 1 ,837,428l. 44 3 x. i?d.; notwithstanding Act 5 & 6 Gul. & Alar'uc. The Sum of 980,441l. 1 x. i d. zq- Surplus of the Sinking Fund in the Exchequer on April 5, 1776;—and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 1776, and April 5, 1777, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and 41 Gum Arabic;—11,444l. 4 x. 3 d. 1 q. remaining in the Exchequer of the Duties on Rice exported, and Apples imported. Cambrics and Sugars, granted by 6 Geo. III.;—and Monies paid by Counties who have not raised Militia;—and also of Imprelt-monies repaid ;—shall be applied towards making good the Supply. Out of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, 2,905l. 8x. 2 d. to be applied for supporting the necessary Expences of Forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded Islands, for the Year 1776,—15,072l. 12 j. towards defraying the Charge of Levy-money for the Year 1776,—and 7,9>S/* 15 x. towards defraying the Charge of augmenting his Majesty's Forces. The Monies ariftngv

by the Malt Tax;—Land Tax;—1,500,000l. by Exchequer Bills;—Monies arising by the Annuities Ai and Lottery one million by the Vote of Credit; and 980,441l. is. id. zq. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1776; and such Monies as shall be paid into the Exchequer between April 5, 1776, 44 and April 5, 1777, of the Produce of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, and 11,444l. 4X. 3 i.

9 "

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 50. 589

4C

17. of the Monies on Rice exported, and Duties on Apples imported* and on Sugars and Cambrics, by Ad 6 III.; and the Monies paid by Counties who have not raised Militia; and the Imprest-monies " repaid; and 1,827,428l. 3x. 10d. by this Act granted, out of the Excesses, compofine the Sink- ing Fund; together with the Money arrfing from the Sale of French'Ptivts taken before the Declaration of War; and also such Sums of Money as his Majesty shall direct to be applied to the public Service,

V out of the Sale of the ceded Islands in the West Indies, shall he applied the Use? following:

44 2*222,05$ /. 19X. 6 7. towards Naval Services; 5000l. to the Royal Hospital for Seimen at Greenwich,

tic. 5 1,000,000l. towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; ‘249/55l. iSs.'Sd.-for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance 5 223,171 /. nr. 1 id. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance not provided for in 1775; 3*474,430l. 4 x. 4J. jrSths, towards maintaining the Land Forces; of which 44 659,200/*ax. led. 7-8ths of a Penny, for defraying the Charges of 20,75a effective Men, &c. and 3213 Invalids, for Guards, &c. in Great Britain, &c.: 720,527 /. 3l. 5 d. 3 q. for Forces and Garrisons in Africa; 42,530l. 19 x, \d. to make good the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Troops serving in America y 11,505l. y s. 37. for.General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain-, 89,063/ 14 s* for Levy-money y 2 6,783l. 15s. z\d. for five Hanoverian Battalions

V at Gibraltar and Minorca, in the Yegr 177546/38 /. 1 x. 9 for five Hanoverian^ Battklroris at Gibraltar, h C. in 1776; 47,40c/. 12X. for a Regiment of Highlanders; 80,984l. 13x1 2d1, for fevexal Augmentations to his Majesty's Forces, &c.} 38;,887l. 4;. d. for 12,394 Hessians, &c.; 121,4?$/,

44 ui. 1 7. for 4,300. Brunswickers, &c.; 19,006 /. 19x. 3 7. 3 f. for a Regiment of Foot of Hanau, &c.{ ^16,4837^ ir. od. 39. for a Regiment o\JValdeckf &c. 13,973/, 16;. for the Artillery of the Land-?

V grave of Hesse-Cassel\ 4,244l., 12x. 6»7. for Ley,-mopey for the said Artillery; 3,383l. 6x. 8 d. for the Artillery of Hflnad'x 60H U for pensions to Officers Widows, &c. j 97,57$/ 12l. to the reduceq

V Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines; 8^0/, j.9 s. 6 7. so the two Troops of Horse Guards re*

duced, fcfr.; 107,51a/. to x. ;p the Put-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital-, 147,448l. 7 x, to fix Regiments of Foot from Ireland, &c.; 845^1657., .14X .8 7. i y. towards extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces,

44 fr. not provided for; 4,250,000l. for discharging Exchequer Bills of last Seffiorr; 7,406l. 3I7. to " make good to his Majesty the like Sum issued in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons;

14 3,086l. for the Civil Establishment of Georgia -, 4,950l. for the Civil EfUbhfhmerit of $aft Florida^ ^4,950l. for the Civil Establishment of IFejf Florida; 4,246 /. 10 x. 5 d. fqr supporting the Civil Efta? " 44 blishment of, Nova Scotia; 4X. for defraying Expences attending Surveys in North America^.

13,000 Vr for repairing and, maintaining the portsan Africa;

?4ment of Senetamhia; 6,996 /. 10 x. 10^, on account of the _ r __ ___ _T_3. w lands of Scotland-, zcool. to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge; 92,42! /. 14 x i i d. 1 y. totaak

5,5.50 /. for fMpporting the Civil EstabUfhr 6,996 /. 10 x. 10^ on account of the Expence of new Roads, feV.r in the Highs

good the Deficiency of the Sum granted by Parliament in >774, K>r reewning the deficient Gold Coin; c. 44,096l. 5 x. 10\d. to the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficrency on s, 1775; and ‘37,348^ y 12,1. 7 d- to make good the Deficiency of Grant* for the Service of 1775. The said Aids to beappUefd only to the Uses before mentioned. By Act 15 Geo. III. a Sum not exceeding 105,326l. i6x; tid? " was appropriated to be paid so reduce^ Officers: Overplus-monies, above satisfying said Officers, to by ^4 disposed of to Officers whp were maimed, tsfe. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, 44. as his Majesty shall direct. rAfter June 24, 1776* the Allowance of the Wages, &c. of thevone othej: 44 Seaipen in every hundred shall be continued till the Number employed in the Royal Navy amounts^t9 44 30,000. Barons of thp Exchequer, on Proof m^de before then) of Exchequer Bills, L6tterv Tickets, &c. being lost or destroyed, shall grant Certificate of the same; 'ph producing whereof to the proper Officers, and on giving them sufficient Security, they are.tq make out Duplicates of said Bills, &V. any t4 lo discharge the £me.w Sl.

Cap.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; zni t6 indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to ,register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in* demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped^ have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Timt to provide Admissions duly stamped; and t;o.give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Persons who have omitted to take the Oaths appointed by Act 1 Geo. I. or to have qUalffied themselves according to the Act 13 Car. II. or according to the 25 Car. II. pr according to the 30 Car. II. or according to the 8 Geo. I. or according to the 9 Geo. II. or according to the is Geo. II. or according to the 6 Geo. III. such Persons qualifying themselves before the passing of this Act, or before Dec. 25, 1777, are indemnified against Forfeitures, Incapacities, or Disabilities incurred by Omission or Neglect. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1777. shall be confirmed, and qualified tp aft as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, &c. may enjoy all Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by reason of Omissionsu This Act not to extend to reilorc Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment of any of the King's Courts of Record. Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be made and filed, on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term 1776, of the actual Execution of Contrafts in Writing to serve ClertcS to Attornies or Solicitors, are indemnified and discharged from Penalues, Foffpitures, Incapacities, ind Disabilities incurred or to be incurred by Neglect or Oniiffioa.

590 C. 51. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

CAP. LI.

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Muslins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; for allowing further Time to the said Company to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas

and Coffee as remained unfold on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time;

and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee j and for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

AS there are great Quantities of Mullins and White Callicoes remaining in this King-

* V docn, which were imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Raft

/India, in die Yean one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand seven hundred and

The Term of three Yean extended to ft re, la relation to the exporting of Mu flint and White Callicoes, &c.

[Preamble.]

necessary that some further Time should be granted for the Exportation of such Goods May it there* fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of she Lords Spiritual and Temporal, usd Common*, in this present Pvliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for all Muslin* and White CalUooea which were imported by the said United Company into this Kingdom, in the Yew one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three. and which shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth Day of

one thousand fovea hundred and seventy-eight: and for dll Madias and White Callicoes imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ferenty-four, which shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seven tjr-nine j whether such Muflina or Callicoes shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in this Kingdom or not, the Exporter or Exporters of such Goods shall be allowed and paid the same Drawbacks. under the like Rules, Regulation*, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would be intided and liable to, in case such Goods had been exported within the Term of three Yean from the Importation thereof, any Law, Custom, or Ufsee, to the contrary notwithstanding.

D. And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament now in Force for granting, continuing^ and

securing the Duties payable ad valorem upon unrated East India Gooes, amTfor ascertaining the Va-

Recital of ta AA 148*0, 111.

' as the said Goods shall be fold, and also for exposing the said Goods to Sale openly and fairly, by Way of Auction, or by Inch of Candle, within the City of London, within the Term of three Yean after the

urteenth Yew of the Reign of hUprefeiit

Importation thereof: And whereas by an Act, made in the fourteen

‘ Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting further Time to the United Company of MerSanU of England ' -trading to the East Indies, to *P*f* to Solo the Singlo and Bohea Teat remaning in their WarebotJes unfiU #« ( the fifth Pay of April one theujemd seven hundred and seventy*four9 and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of fetch Teas9 it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That for such of the said Bohea Teas

as were then imported, and which remained unfold on the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, the said United Company might, at any Time within the Space of four Years, to be computed from the Importation thereof, expose such Teas to Sale 5 and that after such Sale or Sales there, should he allowed the like Discounts, on Payment of the Duties on such Teas, as if

said Company have since that Time imported a further considerable Quantity of Bohea Tea, which remain-

ed in their Warehouses unfold on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and they expect to import and receive, before the thirty-first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, a^ further considerable Quantity of Bohea Tea in sundry Ships now coming Home from China \ and the said Company had also in their Warehouses unfold, on the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, a great Quantity of Singlo Teas and Coffee, and by reason of the Interruption given to Trade by the Disturbances in several of the British Colonies in America, the said Quantity of Bohea Tea, imported before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and remaining unfold on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, cannot be expected to be sold by the said Company within the Term of four Years allowed for that Purpose by the said Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty 5 nor can it be expected that the said other Bohea Teas herein before mentioned, the said Singlo Teas, and Coffee, QkhiM be sold by the said Company within the Term of three Years, to be computed from the respective Times of the Importation of such Teas and Coffee, and it is necessary that some further Time flxwM be granted to the said Company tp put their said Teas and Coffee up to Sale \ be it therefore enacted

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 591

by the Authority aforesaid, That as well for such of the said Bohea Teas, Singlo Teas, and Coffee, as E*ff lodii Com* remained unfold on the fifth Day of April oatihoutin#' seven hundred and seventy-six, as also for such

by the Authority aforesaid, That as well for such of the said Bohea Teas, Singlo Teas, and Coffee, as

remained unfold on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, as also for such

Bohea Teas as hereafter shall be imported at any Time or Times on or before the thirty-first Day of De-

cember one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, the said United Company may, at any Time within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Importation thereof, expose such respective Teas and

Coffee to Sale, and after such Sale or Sales there shall be allowed the like Discounts, on Payments of the respective Duties on such Teas and Coffee, as if the fame had been exposed to Sale within the Term of

three Years, or any other Time heretofore limited by Law, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the said Term of five

Years, to be computed as aforesaid, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all the said Teas and Cof-

fee, which shall be exported from this Kingdom as Merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the fame Drawbacks or Allow

ances, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would have been intitled to in case such Teas and Coffee had been exported within the Term

of three Years from the respective Times of the Importation thereof; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas, by reason of the said Interruption to Trade, a great Part of the Coffee imported by the said United Company in the Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and • seventy-three, and which hath been sold by the said United Company, yet remains uncleared in their Warehouses, belonging to the Buyers thereof, and the fame cannot be exported within three Years after the Importation thereof,' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Coffee, imported by the said Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and now remaining uncleared in the said Company's Warehouses, shall be exported at any Time within five Years, to be computed from the Importation thereof, there shall be drawn back and allowed for the fame, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the fame Drawbacks or Allowances, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would have been intitled to in case such Coffee had been exported within the Term of three Years from the Importation thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall at any Time neglect to keep the Market supplied with a sufficient Quantity of Tea at reasonable Prices, to answer the Consumption thereof in Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or for the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to grant Licences to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to import into Great Britain, from any Parts of Europe, in such and the like Manner, and subject to such Duties, and under such Restrictions and Limitations, and upon such Notices, and with such Licences, as are by any Act or Acts now in Force prescribed and directed with respect to Tea to be imported from any Parts of Europe by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LII.

An Act to declare his Majesty's natural-born Subjects inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether Lineal or Collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Parliament of England, in the eleventh and twelfth Years of Preamble, the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, (intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty's Actt 11 and 12 "natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either Lineal or Collateral, notwithstanding their Gul. III. • Father or Mother were Aliens,) it is enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, being the King's natural-born Subject or Subjects, within any of the King's Realms or Dominions, shall and may hereafter lawfully inherit, and be inheritable, as Heir or Heirs to any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and make their Pedigrees and Titles by Descent from any of their Ancestors, Lineal or Collateral, although the Father and Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor of such Person or Persons, by, from, through, or under whom he, she, or they, may make or derive their Title or Pedigree, were or was, or is or are, or shall be, born out of the King's Allegiance, and out of his Majesty's Realms and Dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Father or Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor or Ancestors, by, from, through, or under whom, he, she, or they, shall or may make or derive their Title or Pedigree, had been naturalized, or natural-born Subject or Subjects within the King's Dominions; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provision of the aforesaid Statute would take place in Scotland by the Rules of the Common Law thereof, and it is reasonable that the fame Rule of Succession should take place in both Parts of the United Kingdom, and that such Doubts should be removed; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ail and every Person or Per-. fons, being the King's natural-born Subject or Subjects within this United Kingdom, or any other of the King's Realms or Dominions, shall and may hereafter lawfully inherit, and be inheritable, in Scotland, as Heir or Heirs to any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and make their Pedigrees

lowed ofual Di^ counts on the Sale of all Teat and Coffee, within five Years after the importatioft thexetf*

The Term of three Years e*« tended to five, in relation to the Drawback on exporting Tea* and Coffee to Ireland and America»

The ftmeTttnt allowed for exporting Coffee, brought by the Shrewsbury, its

J77J»and rct

remaining in the Company'* Warehouses*

In case the Company ne-gle& to supplp the Home Market with Tea, at reasonable Prices, Commissioners of the Treasury may grant Licenses to any Personi to import iht fame.

Preamble* Act 11 and Gal. HI.

All Persons, being the King* natural-born Subj-ds, shall inherit at Heir* to any Manors,

59*

Lands, &c. in Scotland, although their Fathers or Mothers, &c. under whom they make their Title, were Aliens.

No Person to inherit aft Heir to any Person

dying possessed of Manors, Lane?, &c. through any Alien Ancestor, unless the Claimant was in being at the Time of such Person's Death. Regulations with regard to the Succession, when the Descent shall fall upon a Daughter, and a Son, &c. shall afterwards be born.

[Preamble.]

Recital of the former Act\9 II

Geo. III.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

and Titles by Descent from any of their Ancestors, Lineal or Collateral, although the Father and Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor of such Person or Persons, by, from, through, or under whom he, she, or they shall or may make or derive their Title or Pedigree, were or wa9, or is or are, or shall be, born out of the KingYAllegiance, and out of his Majesty's Realms and Dominions, as freely, fully* and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Father or Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor or Ancestors, by, from, through, or under whom he, she, or they shall or may make or derive their Title or Pedigree, had been naturalized or natural-born Subject or Subjects within the King's Dominions; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be hereby enabled to inherit as Heir or Heirs, or Co-heir or Co-heirs, to any Person dying seised of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, through any Alien, Ancestor or Ancestors, unless the Person or Persons so claiming or deriving his or their Title as Heir or Heirs, Co-heir or Co-heirs, was or were, or shall be in being, and capable to take the same Estate as Heir or Heirs, Co heir or Co-heirs, at the Death of the Person who shall so last die seised of such Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and to whom he, she, or they shall so claim to be Heir or Heirs, Co-heir or Co-heirs.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons who shall be in being, and capable to take, at the Death of the Ancestor so dying seised of any such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and upon whom the Descent shall be cart, shall happen to be a Daughter or Daughters of any Alien, and that the Alien Father or Mother, through whom such Descent shall be derived by such Daughter or Daughters, shall afterwards have a Son born wkhin any of his Majesty Y Realms or Dominions, the Descent so cast upon such Daughter or Daughters shall be diverted in Favour of such Son, and such Son shall inherit and take the Estate, in like Manner as is allowed by the Common Law in Cases of the Birth of a nearer Heir; or in case such Father or Mother shall have no Son or Sons, but shall have one or more Daughter or Daughters afterwards born within any of his Majesty's Realms or Dominions, the Daughter or Daughters so born afterwards shall inherit and take in Coparcenary with the Daughter or Daughters upon whorrv the Descent shall be cast at the Death, of the Ancestor last seised y any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight* and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the same y and to repeal an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception* Main- tenance, and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several Pari foes and Places within the said Island\ all

and every the Person and Persons qualified as therein is mentioned were incorporated, by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight \ and the said Guardians were thereby required to

meet at a certain Time and Place therein mentioned, and being so assembled, to proceed in the Manner

therein directed, by Way of Ballot, to the Choice of twenty-four of the Guardians, which twenty-fou*

4 Persons so chosen should be called Dire ft or s of the Poor within the Isle of [tight: And whereas it was thereby enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Directors (until the acting Guardians therein directed to be chosen should be chosen) and for the said Directors and acting Guar- dians (after the said acting Guardians should be chosen) from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum o»

4 Sums for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of twelve thousand Pounds,

at an Interest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and to assign over, in the Manner therein mentioned, all or any Part of the Poor's Rates, to be collected within the said Isle of JVight in pursuance of the said Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed: And, in order that the Sum.to be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act might be the less burthensome, it was enacted, That the several Workhouses then belonging to the several and

respectivq Parishes in the Isle of Wight aforesaid, together with the Lands thereunto belonging, should be verted, and the same were thereby verted, in Sir ‘John Barrington of Swain/lon in the said JJle of Wight Baronet. Sir Richard Worsey of Appuldurcombe in the said Isle of Wight Baronet, and Sir William Oglan- der of Jfunwell in the said ljle of Wight Baronet, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trust, that they the said Sir John Barrington, Sir Richard Worsey, and Sir William Odander, and their Heirs, should sell and convey the said several and respective Houses and Lands to such Person or Persons as should be willing to purchase the same, and should pay the Monies arising by such Sale or Sales into the Hands of the 'I reasurer or Treasurers of the said Corporation, to be applied for defraying the Expences of obtaining and other the Purposes of the said Act; most of which said several Houses and Lands have been since fold and conveyed accordingly: And by the said Act his Majesty was enabled to make a Grant,

under the Exchequer Seal, of such Part or Portion of the Forest of Parkhurst, in the said Isle of Wight,

(of which Forest his said Majesty is in the said Act mentioned to be seised in Right of his Crown) as his said

593

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. C.- 5 3.

raid Majesty's Governor of the Isle of Wight for the Time being, Sir John Barrington of Swainson in the said Ifie of Wight Baronet, Sir IVi Hi am Oglander of Kunwell in the said Isle of Wight Baronet, fames

Worjley of Stenbury in the said Isle of Wight Esquire, Henry Roberts of Stamen in the fai'd Lie of Wight Esquire, and the Reverend Leonard Trough ear Holmes of Wejhrocr in the said Ifie of Wight Citric, or the Survivors of them, or any three or more of them, (of which Number the Governor for the Time being to be one) should, within six Months from the passing of the said Act, set out and alloc for the Purposes of the said Act not exceeding eighty Acres, (such Grant to be made to the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, incorporated by the said Act, for such Time and Term of Years as his Majesty should chink proper, notwithstanding the Limitations of the Civil List Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne') and subject to such Rents and Reservations, and under such Clauses and Conditions, as are usually reserved and contained in like cases; and the Lands lb to be granted should be held by the said Guardians, and their Successors, in such Manner, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as fiorn Time to Time, should seem mod pioper and convenient for effectin| and accommodating the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the twenty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, his said Majesty did demise, grant, and to farm let, unto the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, for the Time being, and their Successors, all that Piece or Parcel of Land (Part of the Forest of Parkhurst in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton) firuate, lying,

and being, on the east End of the said Forest, and containing, by Estimation, eighiy Acres of Ground,

Satute* Measure; bounded on the East by a Part of a certain Farm there, called Dodner Farm, and by Part of a certain other Farm there, called Saint Cross Farm; on the West by ai certain High Road or Way, leading from the Town of Newport, through the said Forest, to West Cowes; on the North by other Part of the said Forest, commonly called or known by the Name of IVerrow Common \ and on the

South by other Part of the said Forest; together with all Ways, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Pro- fits, Commodities, Advantages, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the Lid Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging or in anywise appertaining (except as in the said recited Letters Patent is excepted); which said Piece or Parcel of Ground, being of an irregular Form, is more particularly de- feribed in a Plan thereof remaining in the Office of his Majesty's Surveyor General; to have, hold, and enjoy, the said Piece or Parcel of Land by the said Letters Patent granted and demised, with their and every of their Appurtenances (except as therein is excepted) unto the said Guardians and their Successors, for the Term of nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, to begin, commence, and be computed, from the Date of the said Letters Patent, from thence next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended,

at and under the yearly Rent of eight Pounds seventeen Shillings and Nine-pence, payable as therein is mentioned, and under divers Covenants and Agreements therein contained: And whereas the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor within the said Isle of Wight, from Time to Time chosen and elected under and by virtue of the said Act, have made a considerable Progress in erecting a House of Industry, together with all other convenient Buildings for the Lodging and Employment of the Poor, as thereby directed, and in carrying into Execution the other Powers thereby to them granted; but find, that by

reason of the Inefficiency of the Sum of Money they are authorised to borrow for the Purposes of the said Act, (and which they have already taken up and borrowed) and on Account of some Defects there-in, the good Purposes intended by the said Act cannot be completely effected without the further Aid of Parliament: And whereas the Purposes thereby intended might be better effected, if the several Clauses, Powers, and Regulations, for the good Government of the Poor of the said Island, already made and provided by the said Act, and hereby further intended to be made and provided, were reduced into one Law;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Corporation erected by the above-recited Act, by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, shall for ever, in Fast and in Name, be one Body Politic and Corporate in Law, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and shall be, and be called The Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, and shall be enabled to sue and plead, and be sued, by that Name, in all Courts and Places of Judicature within that Part of Great Britain called England; and by that Name shall and may, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Gift, Alienation, or Demise, of any Person or Persons, for any Estate or Interest whatsoever; and all Persons whatsoever are hereby enabled to convey or devise the same, and to give or bequeath any Money, Goods, and Chattels whatsoever, for the Use and Benefit of the Corporation aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are now Members of the said Corporation, shall continue and be Members of the same, until the last Thursday in June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six inclusive, and so long after as they have any of the Qualifications next herein after required, and no longer; and that, on and after the last Thursday in June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, all and every Person and Persons who shall then be, and from Time to Time thereafter shall become seised or possessed, in his, her, or their own, or Wife's Right, of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Tithes, either in Fee or for Life, or for a long Term of Years absolute, or determinable upon any Life or Lives, and rated to the Poor's Rates, in the respective Parishes and Places within the said Isle of Wight, at the Value of fifty Pounds per Annum \ and all Heirs-apparent to Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments, rated as aforesaid at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum; and also all Rectors and Vicars, for the Time being, of the several Rectories and Vicarages within the said Ife of Wight; and also act and every Person and Persons who then, and from Time to Time thereafter, shall be rated to the

Recital of his Majesty's Letters Patent, datvd March 21, 177*.

Guardians can* not effect the Purposes of the former Act, for want of Money, &c.

The old Corporation continued, Sc c.

May purchase or receire Lands, &c.

Who shall be Members of the Corporation.

594

Corporation to continue the same;

and to enjoy the Ground in the Forest of Parkhurst, See, Present Officer* to continue ti l the lift Thursday in June, *77®.

Four General Quarterly Meetings to be held erery Year. Time and Place of first Meeting.

Women may aft by Prosy,

Guardians to give in their Qualifications y and to defray their own Expences.

No Guardian, &c. to be cod-cerned in any Conmft. Officers to be defied at the Fiift Meeting,

Officers to give Security.

Manner of f letting atting guardians.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Poor's Rates, in one or more Parish or Parishes within the said Island, for Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Tithes, occupied and enjoyed by him, her, or them, at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, shall be, and are hereby declared to be. Members of the said Corporation, and Guardians of the Poor within the said Island.

III. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Alteration made by this Act in the Constitution of this Corporation, it shall continue and be one and the same Corporation, to all Intents and Purposes, with that which now exists, and has for some Time past existed, by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of JVight\ and that the said Guardians of the Poor shall have, hold, and enjoy,' the Piece or Parcel of Ground in the Forest of Parkhurst, In the Isle of Wight^ which his Majesty, by his Letters Patent, hath granted and demised unto them, for the Term, and subject to the Rents and Covenants, in the said Letters Patent specified and contained; and that the present Directors and a Aing Guardians of the Poor, and their Treasurer and Clerks, and all other Officers of the said Corporation, shall be and continue in their respective Offices until the last Thursday in June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, inclusive, unless in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal.

IV. And be it further enacted, That henceforth four General Quarterly Meetings shall be held by the Directors and a Aing Guardians in every Year, at the Times following 5 (that is to say) Between the Hours of Eleven and One, on the last Thursday in June, the last Thursday in September, the last Thursday in December, and the last Thursday in March; and that the first of the said General Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the last Thursday in June next ensuing the passing of this Act, at the Sun Inn in Newport, and the subsequent Meetings at such Place as the Directors and a Aing Guardians present at the preceding General Quarterly Meeting shall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint; and that at the said General Quarterly Meetings, all Directors and a Aing Guardians shall have a Right, and are hereby required, if in the said Island, to give their Attendance: Provided always, That all Women who shall be qualified to be Guardians shall be, and are hereby authorised to aA, at the said General Quarterly Meetings by Proxy appointed under their Hands; and the Persons appointing such Proxies may, from Time to Time, revoke such Appointment; and such Proxies shall be granted to such Persons as shall be Guardians, but no more than one such Proxy shall he granted to or received by any one Guardian whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Guardians of the Poor aforesaid shall, at the first Meeting at which he or she shall aA, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Clerk of the said Corporation for the Time being, an Account in Writing, under his or her Hand, of his or her Qualification, and in what Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, the same is situate; and that the said Directors and a Aing Guardians shall, at every Meeting to be held under this Act, defray their own Charges and Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of a Aing as a Director or Guardian under the Authority of this Act, during the Time he shall be concerned in, or have any ContraA for the Performance of any Work, or supplying any Necessaries for carrying this Act into Execution, or the supporting of the said Poor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the first General Quarter!v Meeting, in June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be elected twenty-four Directors, thirty-six a Aing Guardians, one or more Treasurer or Treasurers, one Clerk, and such other Officers for the Year ensuing, as the said Guardians shall fee necessary; all which said Persons shall be respectively elected in Manner following 5 (that is to say) The Guardians then assembled shall, between the Hours of Ten and Two of the Clock of the same Day, by a Majority of Voices of such of them as shall be so assembled, appoint some one Guardian then present to be President or Chairman of such Meeting; and such Person so elected President or Chairman shall cause the rest of the said Guardians then assembled to proceed by Way of Ballot to the Choice of twenty-four of the Guardians (twelve of whom shall not have been Directors the preceding Year), which twenty-four Persons so chosen shall be called Director* of the Poor within the Isle of Wight \ and the said Guardians so assembled as aforesaid, shall by Ballot eleA and chuse one or more other proper and substantial Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Treasurers, and one other sufficient Person to be Clerk of the said Corporation of Guardians (who shall from Time to Time enter all their Proceedings in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose), and likewise such other Officers as the said Guardians shall find necessary for the Execution of this Act; and the said Guardians shall and may take Security by Bond, in a sufficient Penalty, with Sureties, from such Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officers, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the thirty-six a Aing Guardians shall be elected in Manner following; (that is to say) The several Person assessed to the Poor, within their said several Parishes, shall assemble and meet at their several and respective Parish Churches, at such Time as is herein after expressed, in order to proceed to the Nomination of such Number of Persons qualified as Guardians, resident in such Parish, (if so many can there be found, if not any Person or Persons, qualified as aforesaid, out of such Parish) as shall be in the Proportion of one Guardian for every sixty Pounds which such Parish shall be assessed to pay to the Poor; the Names of which Guardians so nominated shall, by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said several and respective Parishes, be set down in Writing, and delivered or transmitted to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Corporation, at least ten Days before the said first General Meeting in June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; at which said first Meeting the said Directors shall set down in Writing such Number of Guardians as shall, out of the Number of thirty-six a Aing Guardians to be elected as herein after mentioned, be the just and proper Number of Guardians to be allotted as Representatives or Representative of each such Parish, in Proportion to the Sum assessed upon each such Parish as aforesaid; and thereupon the said Directors and Guardians present at such first General Meeting shall begin with the said several Parishes in an alphabetical Order, and eleA by Ballot, out of the whole Number of Guardians so returned by each respective Parish, such Number, to be the a Aing Guardian or a Aing Guardians for such Parish* as shall be fa set down by the said Directors to be the proper

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53. 595

proper Proportion of such Parish in the said Number of thirty-six Guardians; which said thirty-six Guardians so elected shall be and continue acting Guardians, until new succeeding acting Guardians shall be elected, and be in Office in their Place and Stead, in Manner hereafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the present Clerk of the said Corporation of Guardians shall give at least six Weeks previous Notice of the Time and Place of such first General Quarterly Meeting, by causing Notices thereof in Writing to be affixed at the principal Door of the several Parish Churches in the said Island, to the Intent that the several Persons assessed to the Poor, within their said several Parishes, may assemble and meet at their said respective Parish Churches, on such Day as shall in such Notice be expressed, not later than three Weeks after the Time of giving such Notice, in order to proceed to the Nomination of Guardians in Manner before mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That at all future General Meetings to be held on the last Thursday in June in every Year, after the last Thursday in June next ensuing the passine of this Act, the Directors then and there present shall, by Ballot, proceed to elect twenty-four of the Guardians (twelve of whom shall not have been Directors for the preceding Year) to be Directors for the Year ensuing; and at the said General Meetings, the Directors and acting Guardians there present shall elect a Treasurer, and Clerk, and other Officers, for the Year ensuing.

X. And be it further enacted, That at the said General Meeting, to be held annually on the last Thursday in June, shall be elected in every Year thirty-six other Guardians, in the Place and Stead of the acting Guardians of the preceding Year; in order to which Annual Election, such Number of Guardians shall be nominated in Manner aforesaid, by the said several Parishes, in Easter Week, or within one Month after Easter in every Year and be in like Manner transmitted by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the ftycral and respective Parishes where such Election is to be made, to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Corporation, at least ten Days before the said General Annual Meeting; when the said Directors and Guardians there assembled shall proceed (in such Form and Manner as before is directed to be observed at the said first General Meeting forelefting the acting Guardians) to elect the thirty-six acting Guardians fora Year.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Parish or Parishes shall neglect or refuse to make out and return a List or Lists of Persons to be acting Guardians, in Manner before efirested, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and acting Guardians present at the said General Meeting to proceed, by Way of Ballot, to the Choice of one or more Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid, either resident in or living out of such Parish or Parishes, to be the Representative or Reprc-fentatives of such Parish or Parishes so neglecting or refusing to make out and return such List or Lists as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Assessment upon any Parish within the said Island shall be so small as not to entitle such Parish to be represented by one of the said thirty-six ailing Guardians, every such Parish shall join and ail with such contiguous rariQi or Parishes as the Directors shall fee fitting, or by the Notice or Notices to be given to such Parish or Parishes of the said first General Meeting, for electing the said thirty-six Guardians, shall be directed, as well in electing the said Guardians to be returned to the said Clerk of the said Corporation, previous to the said first General Meeting:, as also at every future Election of Guardians for the same Purpose, until the find Directors and ailing Guardians for the Time being shall fee Cause to join the same with some other Parish or Parishes* for greater Convenience; which they shall have Power to do as they shall see Occasion.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, being duly qualified, shall be elected a Director, and shall refuse to take that Office upon him, and to act therein, shall forfeit the Sum of six Pounds; and every Guardian refusing to act, when elected to be an acting Guardian, shall forfeit the Sum of four Pounds, unless reasonable Cause shall be shewn to, and allowed by, the Majority of the Directors and acting Guardians present at the next' General Quarterly Meeting after such Election; and every Person who shall be elected a Director or acting Guardian before he shall have delivered to the Clerk an Account of his Qualification, shall deliver in an Account of his Qualification, as above directed, at the next General Quarterly Meeting after his Election, and if he neglects so to do, such Neglect shall be construed a Refusal to take the Office upon him, and he shall forfeit as in the Cases of Refusal above specified, unless he can shew reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Majority of the Directors and Guardians present at the said Meeting; all which Forfeitures shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, by and in the Name of the Guardians of the Poor within the ljle of tVighty to be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and when recovered shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation for the Time being, and added by him to the common Stock for the Use of the Poor.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Woman* no Person not living in the said Island, no Person under twenty, or above sixty-five Years of Age, and no Person who shall have served, or paid the Penalty for not serving, the Office either of Director or acting Guardian, within two Years next before his said Election, shall be liable to pay the Penalties aforesaith

XV. And be it further enacted, That at any other of the General Quarterly Meetings by this Act dn* rested to be held, the Directors present shall and may fill up, by Ballot among themselves, any Vacancies that may have happened among the twenty-four Directors, either by Death, Removal, or refusing to act; and the Directors and acting Guardians present at such Meetings shall and may, out of the Lift returned at the last preceding Election of acting Guardian*, or in case of no such Return being made, out of the Number of Guardians within the said island, fill up by Ballot any Vacancies that may have happened among the thirty-six acting Guardians, either by Death, or Removal, or refusing to act; but no such Director or acting Guardian, so to be elected to fill up any Vacancy, shall continue Director or acting Guardian for any longer Time

e he shall be elected, might or ought to have continued by virtue of this

than the Person in whose Place

Act.

Six Weeks No. tice to be given of the first General (Quarterly Meeting.

Directors, Treasurer, and Clerk, to be elected annually.

Acting Guardians to be elected annually. Manner of Election.

Proviso, as to

Rcprr Tentative* of Parishes not returning Lilts*

Small Parfthea to join in re-tuning Repre* fcntativci.

Penalty on DU rectors and Guardians refusing to act.

How Penalties to be recovered.

Persons exempt* ed from those Penalties.

Vacancies of Members by Removal, &c. how to be supr plied.

596

Fifteen Directors and acting Guardians to be }><net i General Quarterly Meetings; who may adjourn,

ii'l K-ttle Treasurer's Accounts;

to be audited by Jufficts at Special Sclftons,

Directors and

acting Guardians may appoint Governors, and other Officer?, ac Quarterly Meetings,

Allowances to be made to Of-Uccrr.

Directors, &c. may discharge Officers at Dif-Cittion.

Penalty on Directors, &c. for

neglecting to bold Meetings,

Abdication of Justices as to such Penalties to be final.

Committees to be ap ointed for cacti Quarter.

When Officers to rnter on Offices.*

Commencement and De'crrcuna-tion of Quarters.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all or any of the four General Quarterly Meetings by this Act directed to be held as aforesaid, not less than fifteen of the Directors and acting Guardians together (whereof five at least shall be Directors) shall be present; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Guardians assembled at such General Quarterly Meetings, to adjourn such Meetings respectively to the second Thursday in the Month next succeeding such respective Quarterly Meetings; at which Adjournments the Directors and acting Guardians then and there assembled shall examine and settle the Treasurer's Accounts, and shall cause the same to be delivered, by their Treasurer or Cleric for the Time being, or other Officer, to one of the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, acting for the Division of the Isle of Wight \ which Justices are hereby impowered to hold a Special Sessions four Times in the Year; (that is to say) on the first Thursday in the Month next ensuing each of the said Adjournments, to audit the said Accounts; and the Clerk of the said Justices shall lay the same before the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions, to be by the said Justices examined, audited, and finally parted; for which a Fee of ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Cleric of the said Justices or his Deputy; and no other Fee or Reward shall be paid to, or be had, received, or taken by, the Clerk of the said Justices, or his Deputy, or any other Person or Persons, under any Pretext whatsoever, for auditing or parting the said Accounts: Provided that the Justices holding such Sections, or any or either of them, shall not have acted in the Capacity of Director or acting Guardian during the Time for which such Accounts are to be parted.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any General Quarterly Meeting assembled, from Time to Time to appoint one or more Governor or Governors, and Steward or Stewards, and any other Officer or Officers they shall find necessary (and such Governors and Stewards shall be Members of the Church of England. and shall oversee and inspect the Persons so maintained in such House); and the said Directors and acting Guardians at any such Meeting may also appoint any Woman or Women, who shall be maintained by the said Guardians, or any other Woman or Women, as to the said Directors and acting Guardians shall seem most expedient, (provided that (he or they so appointed be Members of the Church of England) to be a Matron or Matrons, to attend and superintend the Poor in such House; and such Governors and Stewards, Matron or Matrons, shall from Time to Time make Reports of the Behaviour of such Poor Persons who shall be there maintained; and that the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any such General Quarterly Meetings, shall and may from Time to Time appoint some Clergyman of the Church of England to attend the said House.; and the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any such General Quarterly Meeting, shall, and they are hereby impowered to make such Allowance to such Clergyman, and Governors and Stewards, and Matron or Matrons, as well as to the Clerk and Treasurer or Treasurers, and all Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, out of the Money hereby directed to be raised, for their Pains and Trouble therein; and may from Time to Time displace or discharge him, her, or them, or any of them, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any such Quarterly Meeting, shall seem meet, and ypon their or either of their Removal, Death, or Resignation, to choose others in his, her, or their Stead.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Directors and acting, Guardians shall neglect or refuse to hola any such Quarterly or Annual Meeting or Meetings, every Director and acting Guardian failing in his Duty therein, (if in the said Island) shall, on due Proof, by the Oath of one Witness or more, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division of the Isle of Wight$ for every such Default, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, unless a sufficient Reason shall be given on the Behalf of such Director or acting Guardian, to be allowed by the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint of such Default shall be made and heard.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Adjudication of such Justice or Justices shall be final, to all Intents and Purposes; and that no Appeal or Certiorari shall be brought to remove, re-examine, or annul the same; and the Forfeiture, when received or levied, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being, and be made a Part of the common Stock of the said Corporation.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians, at the General Quarterly Meeting to be held on the last Thursday in June, shall appoint twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians together (fix of which Number at the least to be Directors) for each Quarter of the fucCteding Year, to inspect,-direct, manage, and provide for the poor People in the said House; and for that Purpose the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians, or any five or more of them (whereof two to be Directors), shall, in the respective Quarter or Quarters of the Year for which they shall be appointed, meet at the said House every Saturday Morning (and oftener if neccrtary); or on any other Day that may be thought more convenient, and fixed by the General Quarterly Meeting to be held on the Uft Thursday in June) together with the Clerk for the Time being; and such of them as shall be there present, and all other Directors and acting Guardians who may occasionally attend, shall and may give such Directions as they shall think proper, for the Employment, Maintenance, and Relief of the Poor in such House, and for carrying into Execution such Rules, Orders, and Constirutions, and such Powers and Authorities, as shall be from Time to Time made and granted by the said Directors and acting Guardians.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at the next Election of Directors, acting Guardians, and all other Officers of this Corporation, on the last Thursday in June next ensuing, the Persons elected shall enter on their Offices on the Day following the Day of Election, and shall hold the same until the fl:ft Day of July in the succeeding Year, unless in case of Death, Resignation or Removal; and the first Quarter of the \ear of the Persons so elected shall determine on the last Day of September next ensuing, and the succeeding Quarters of the same Year shall commence on the first Days of October) January) and April) and shall determine on the last Days of December) March) and June, inclusive, respectively.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53.

S 97

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all future Elc&ions, after the last Thursday in June next ensuing the passing of this Act, the Year for which the Directors and acting Guardians, and other Officers, shall be chosen, toll commence on the first Da}' of Julyt and shall determine on the last Day of June^ inclusive, in every Year and toll and may be divided according to Calendar Months; and that the said Directors and acting Guardians, appointed for each respective Quarter, shall take upon them, and aft in their respective Offices on the/ifft Day uf the Month next immediately after each of the said General Quarterly Meetings.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians, so to be appointed as aforesaid for each and every Quarter in the Year, may, and they are hereby authorised by Agreement amongst themselves, to subdivide themselves into Committees of seven, to act for each Calendar Month in each Quarter, but so as not to preclude any other Director or acting Guardian from being present, and voting, at any such Weekly or other Meeting as aforesaid; and if there shall not be present at any Meeting io ?ppointed to be held, five Directors and acting Guardians together (two whereof toll be Diieftors) every Director, who by any such Agreement ought to have attended, and toll be absent, toll, on due Proof by one Witness before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, acting for the Division of the JJle of Wight, for every such Offence, forfeit the fiim of twenty Shillings, and every Guardian, who by any such Agreement ought to have attended, and toll be absenr, shall* on due Proof as aforesaid, for every such Offence, forfeit1 the Sum of ten Shillings; and such Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant under tk&BUnd and Seal of the Justice or Justices before whom such Proof is made, and when received or levied (Kail be paid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation, and added by him to the common Stock for the Use of the Poor; and the Adjudication of such Justice or Justices shall be final, to all Intents and Purposes, and no Appeal or Certiorari toll be brought to remove, annul, or re-examine the same: Provided always, That in case the full Number of Directors and acting Guardians, required by this Act to be present at any such Weekly Meetings, shall not attend at the same, it toll and may be lawful to and for the Directors and acting Guardians who shall be present, to adjourn such Meeting to some future Day; but the Directors and acting Guardians then present may nevertheless grant Relief to such poor Persons as toll then apply for the same.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Directors and acting Guardians for the Time being shall have, and they are hereby declared to have, full Power and Authority to make, from Time to Time, such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders* and Constitutions, as well for the better governing the said Corporation, as for the better governing, employing, and supporting, the said poor Persons in the said Island, and for the carrying on any Trade that may be set on Foot for the Employment t>f the said Poor, and for the other Purposes of this Act; and from Time to Time afterwards to repeal, alter, or amend such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, or Constitutions, as to them the said Directors and acting Guardians shall seem meet, so that such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, are not repugnant to the Laws of the Land: Provided that not less than fifteen of the said Directors and acting Guardians together (five of which Number to be Directors) shall be present at every Meeting for the making, repealing, altering, or amending such Bye laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions; and one Month's previous Notice shall be given of every such Meeting, with the Cause of holding the same, to the Directors and acting Guar*-dians for the Time being, (unless such Meetings be one of the four General Quarterly Meetings appointed by this Act to be holden; of which said Meetings all Persons who are required to attend are bound to take Notice, without any previous Summons or Notice being given to them) and the major Part of the Directors and acting Guardians present (of which major Part five at least to be Directors) shall give their Assent to such Bye-Jaws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions: Provided also, That all Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, already made and established, and not by this Act altered or repealed, shall be and remain in full Force, until repealed, altered, or amended, in Manner before mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any two or more of the Directors or acting Guardians, of the Poor shall signify to the Clerk for the Time being, that it is their Desire that an extraordinary

Court or Assembly of the Directors and acting Guardians may beheld, that then the said Clerk of the said Corporation shall, and he is hereby authorised and impowered to call such Court or Assembly, at such Time and Place as the said Directors or acting Guardians shall desire, (provided that one Month's previous Notice of such Court or Assembly shall be given, with the Cause of holding the same; and that at every such Court or Assembly not less than fifteen of such Directors and acting Guar'dians shall be present, five of whom at the least shall be Directors;) at which special Meetings all and every Acts, Matters, and Things, to be done and transacted by the Directors and acting Guardians there assembled, relative to the Matters comprised in such Notice, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done at a General Quarterly Meeting.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all Meetings of the said Directors and acting Guardians, the Directors present toll, before the Persons assembled proceed to Business, elect one of their own Number to be Chairman of the said Meeting, which Chairman shall have the same Right to vote as any other Member piefent; and all Questions which shall not be directed by this Act to be determined by Ballot, or ordered by any Bye-law so to be determined, shall be determined by the Majority of Persons present, and in case of an Equality of Votes, the Chairman of such respective Meeting toll have the calling Vote.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at the Annual Meeting to be held on the said last Thursday in June (if they shall think proper) to alter and change the Day of the Week whereon the twenty-one Directors and acting Guardians so to be appointed to inspect, direct, manage, and provide for the said poor People in the said House, shall meet for the succeeding Year and the Clerk for the Time being, shall cause immediate Notice

Commencement

of the Year as to Directors, &c. Year to be divided into Calendar Months.

Quarterly Committer! may subdivide them-' (elves into monthly ones. Penalty on Noa-at tendance*

Prot'ifo.

Fifteen Direct* ors, tec* may mike or altar Bye-lawi.

Proviso, as to present Bye- lawe.

Special Meetings of Directors and aft inf Guardians may be called.

Chairman to be elected.

How Qieftiona to be determined.

Directors, may alter the Day of the weekly. Meet* ing.

59*

Securities already given by Directart, Ire. Co be deemed valid; and may be assigned, &c. the Interest of them to be first paid.

Directors, &c. may borrow more Money.

Two Mode# of borrowing i,

By Alignments the Rates.:

By a Scheme of Stirvivorship.

No Contributor to advance left Chan iool.

Treasurer to keep a Book to enter the Names of Contributors; Ac.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

tice of every such Alteration of the weekly Day of Meeting to be advertised in the Salisbury Journal, or fame other public Paper circulating in the Isle of Wight and to be affixed on the Door of every Parish Church in the said I {land.

c XXVIII. And whereas the Directors and acting Guardians of the said Corporation have atready bor-

rowed large Sums of Money under the Authority heretofore vested in them, and have given Securities % for the same: And whereas the said Directors and acting Guardians will find it necessary to borrow

more Money for effecting all the Purposes of this Act ;* be it further enacted, That all Securities already given by the said Directors, or by the said Directors and acting Guardians, for Monies already borrowed, be deemed good and lawful Securities, and that they may, from Time to Time, be devised, or may be assigned, by Indorsement, without Stamps; and such Devises or Assignments shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, to all Principal and Interest Monies, due or to grow due, upon such Securities; and that all Rates and Assessments already made, or hereafter to be made, by virtue of this Act of Parliament, or of the Act above recited, for the Purpose of maintaining the Poor, be first charged to pay the Interest due, and to grow due, upon such Securities; and that the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time being shall pay the Interest thereof, and be allowed the same on making up his Accounts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Directors and acting Guardians aforesaid shall have Power to borrow such further Sums of Money as they may find necessary, for the Purposes of this Act, provided that the whole Sum by them borrowed, including what they have borrowed already, do not exceed the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds.

XXX. And, in order to raise the Money hereafter to be borrowed, in such Manner as shall be mod beneficial to the Inhabitants of the Isle of JVight, who are to pay the Interest of the same / be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Directors and acting Guardians, at their Discretion, to raise pny Part of the said Money by either of the Ways following; (that is to say) either by mortgaging a Portion of the Rates and Affemnents hereafter directed to be raised, to pay an Interest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum, till the Principal Money is paid off; or by a Scheme of Survivorship, or according to the rrovisions and Regulations herein after contained. t,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That for so much Money as the said Directors and ad^ig Guardians shall borrow, at an Interest not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, they may'atfignovtr by Writing, signed by seven of the said Directors at the least, under the Common Seal pr the said Corporation, a sufficient Portion of the Rates and Assessments to be collected within the Isle of Wight in pursuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed in virtue of this Act; and such Securities may be, from Time to Time, assigned and transferred, by Indorsement or otherwise, without Stamps; and such Assignments or Transfers shall entitle the Person or Persons, to whom the same shall be made, to all Principal and Interest Monies^ so due, and to grow due, upon such Securities; and such Monies so to be borrowed, shall from Time toT Time be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Directors and acting Guardians shall think proper to raise any Portion of the Money, which by this Act they are allowed to borrow, by a Scheme of Sur-vivorship, the same shall and may be raised in Manner following; (that is to say) if any Number of Persons shall agree with the said Directors and acting Guardians, to pay^jthem a Portion of the Sum so to be borrowed, by contributing a Sum of Money for the Purposes of* this Act, at any Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the whole Sum so advanced, to be paid to the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Lives of the said Contributors, or of the Persons by them named, according to the Provisions herein after made, in such Shares as are proportioned to the Sums of Money which each of the said Contributors respectively shall advance; that then in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians to accept the Sum of Money so contributed, and to apply the same to the Purposes of this Act, and in Recompence for the said Money, out of the Assessments herein after directed to be made, to cause to be paid by the Treasurers of the Corporation for the Time being, among the Contributors, any Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the whole Sum so contributed, according as the said Contributors and the said Directors and acting Guardians shall agree, before the said Money is advanced; all which said Interest shall be fairly divided amongst the Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Lives of their respective Nominees, in Proportion to the Sums by the said Contributors advanced, yearly and every Year, by two equal half-yearly Payments; and upon the Death of every Nominee, the Share or Shares of the said Money which was or were payable during his Life, shall be equally divided amongst the rest of the Contributors whose Nominee shall then be living, and so from Time to Time, upon the Death of every Nominee whatsoever, whose Share or Dividend was payable during the Life of such Nominee, shall be equally divided amongst the rest of the Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Lives of their respective Nominees; so that from Time to Time the whole Interest agreed to be paid to the said Contributors, for the Sum by them advanced, shall be divided and paid among the Contributors whose Nominees do survive, until such Time as there shall be no Nominee living; and on the Death of all the Nominees, all Interest in and for the said Sum of Money so contributed shall cease.

XXXIII. Provided always, That no Contributor shall advance less than one hundred Pounds, or name more than one Life for every one hundred Pounds so advanced; and that if any Contributor shall name any other Life than his or her own, he or she, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be entitled to his or her Share of such Interest during the Life of the Person whom he or she shall so name.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the several Portions of Money respectively contributed, and the Names of the respective Contributors, and of their Assigns or Devisees, and also the Names of the Persons whose Lives are by the said Contributors named, together with their Additions and

599

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III.- C. 53.

Places of Abode* and such other Descriptions as may best ascertain their Persons, be entered in a Book to be kept by the Treasurer of the Corporation for that Purpose; and that no Person's Life, once named and entered in that Book, shall afterwards be changed: And that each of the said Contributors shall re- and to give them ceive from the Treasurer, at the Time of paying his Money, a Receipt or Certificate, speccifying the Receipt* or Cer-Sum of Money by the said Contributor paid, together with the Name and Addition of the Contributor, and of his N o mi nee; which said Receipt or Certificate may be from Time to Time assigned, by Indorse* which maybe mem or otherwise, without Stamps, or may be devised by Will in the same Manner as personal Estate assigned without may be devised; and such Assignee or Devisee shall be intitled to receive the Share of Interest due under Sumps, the said Certificate, so long as the Nominee mentioned in the said Certificate shall survive; and in Default of such Afiunmeot or Device, the Interest of such Contributor, shall go to his Executors or Administrators for the Life of the Nominee, such Nominee being some other Person, as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be contributed, shall be paid to the Morey contri-Treasurer at some one General Quarterly Meeting; and that the Interest for the said Monty shall begin buted to be paid to grow and accrue as soon as, and not before, the whole Money is paid, and all the Lives are named and Quarterly'* entered in the proper Book; and that the said Interest shall become due half-yearly, (that is to say) on McetuTg, uc. the Day of the second Quarterly Meeting after the said Money is paid, and on the Day of the Quarterly

Meeting answering to that at which the said Money was paid, and so on from Year to Year, Regard not being had to any particular Day of the Calendar Month, but to the Day of the Quarterly Meeting in each Year respectively; and that no Person shall claim any Share of the said Interest, unless the Nominee for whole Life he claims shall be alive on the Day on which the said Interest shall become due.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Directors and acting Guardians present at any Certificate of Quarterly Meeting at which the said Interest shall become payable, shall have a reasonable Doubt whe- Nominee*bein* ther any particular Nominee be living on the Day on which the said Interest becomes due, it shall and may !mng

be lawful (or the said Directors and acting Guardians to order the Treasurer to with-hold the Payment of the Share claimed under the Life of such Nominee, until such Time as the Person claiming the same shall produce a Certificate of the Life of such Nominee, signed by the Minister or Churchwardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be living on the Day when the said half-yearly Payment shall become due, (if such Nominee shall be then reficung in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of JValety or Town of Berwick ufipn Tweedy) which Certificate the said Minister and Churchwardens are hereby required to sign without fee or Reward; and in case such Nominee be in the Kingdom of Scotland, or beyond the Seas, the Treasurer may be ordered to withhold the Payment until the Claimant shall produce a Certificate to the Effect aforesaid, fianed by the proper Officers, according to the Usage of ligning Certificates in the Place in which such Nominee shall then be living; and all Certificates so produced as aforesaid shall be filed in the Office of the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time being.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall receive one or more half-yearly Pay- Interest Bloney ments of the said Interest, not accruing till after the Death of any Nominee for whose Life such Sture

was payable, it shall be lawful for any Contributor^ or for the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time taroea* being, ta require the same to be repaid to the said Treasurer, for the Benefit of the Contributors, or their Assigns, according to their respective Shares in the said Interest; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to pay in the same within one Month after such Demand, such Person so refusing or neglecting mail forfeit Treble the Sum so received, to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, in the Name of the Contributor or Treasurer who shall make the Demand as aforesaid, for die Benefit of the Contributors as aforesaid; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person, who shall be intitled to receive any Contributor half-yearly Payment of the Interest aforesaid, shall at any Time neglect to demand the same, until within *egieaiii| to de-twenty Days before the next half-yearly Payment shall become due, he shall lose and forfeit such half*

yearly Payment so neglected to be demanded, and the same shall be divided among the Contributors or their l0#l Assigns, as if his respective Nominee had been dead, and so from Time to Time upon every Default:

Provided nevertheless, that if such Contributor shall afterwards make a Demand in due Time for any following halfryearly Payments, such Contributor shall, for the future, have his Share of the said Interest, as if such Default had not been made.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Assignee or Devisee shall be entitled to receive any Share EotrSet to be of the said Interest, until he shall have given Notice of such Assignment or Devise to the Treasurer of the ®*deof Affiga_ Corporation for the Time being, and shall have required him to make an Entry of such Assignment or neott»

Devise in the Book above directed to be kept by him for that Purpose.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Contributor to within one Month next after Notice of the Death of his or their respective Nominee, shall certify such certifytheDeath Death to the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time being, and shall also, within three Months after Nominee, such Notice, deliver, or cause to be delivered, up to the said Treasurer, his or their Receipt or Certificate, JJcerS^lreup by which he or they was or were entitled, during the Life of such Nominee, to receive any Share of the 1

said Interest, in case such Receipt or Certificate be in his or their Hands or Power; and in Default thereof, on Penalty of such Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be 101. recovered by Action of Debt as aforesaid, and to be had and received to the Use of any Person who shall sue for the same. 4 ,

XLI. And to the Intent it may appear and be ascertained, upon every half-yearly Payment, unto and Account of the among what Persons, and in what Proportions, the said Interest is to be distributed \ be it enacted, That Death*of No-every half-year, within Si* Days before the respective Days of Payment, the Treasurer shall make up an "i"*®1* Account of the several Nominees whose Deaths are come to Knowledge, and of the several Contribu- c# tors who have made DefyuJU in making Demand as aforesaid, that so the rest of the Contributors may have the Advantage thereof.

6:6

Penalty on Treasurer male* ing up faife Ac* (OiftOt, &c.

Treasurer to pay

Interest for Money borrow* cd.

Confirmation of former Assess-anrota, &c.

Nr«eflary Rates before the left Thursday in June to be made.

DirectbM, &c. may aflfeft the respective PlK li&et.

Chnre hwardcDf and Overseeea to tan the l»ha* Aunt).

Rate* in each PailHi limited.

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time being shall wilfully make up a false Account of the several Nominees whose Deaths are come to his Knowledge, or shall knowingly pay to any Contributor or his Assigns a Share of Interest not accruing till after the Death of the Nominee or such Contributor or his Assigne, such Treasurer shall lose his Office, and shall forfeit one hundred Pounds, with Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, as aforesaid, in the Name of any Contributor whose Nominee shall then be living, for the Benefit of all who shall be intitled to any Share of the said Interest at the Time of entering up Judgement against the Defendant in such Action.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Corporation for the Time being shall pay the Interest due on the Monies borrowed, or to be borrowed, by virtue of this Act, out of the Rates and Assessments by him received, and shall be allowed the same on making up his Accounts } apd that all Monies raised or to be raised by virtue of this Act, be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Assessments already made by virtue of the above recited Act, shall be deemed to have been well and lawfully made, and all Monies paid under the same shall be deemed to be well and lawfully paid, and all Arrears due under the same shall be deemed to be legally due; and if any Person refuses to pay such Arrears, the Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being of the Parish or Place for which such Rate is made, or any of them, may, by Warrant from any one Justice of the Peace acting for the Division of the Isle of Wighty levy the said Arrears, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, rendering to the Party the Overplus; and all Arrears due from any of the Churchwardens andf Overseers within the said Island, shall be by them paid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation; and if any of them shall refuse to pay the same, the Treasurer, or the Constable of the Parish or Place from whence such Arrears are due, may levy such Arrears from the Churchwardens and Overseers so refusing, by Warrant of Distress from one Justice as aforesaid; and in Default of such Distress the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the respective Parishfes or Places from whence such Arrears are due, shall be answerable for such Arrears, and shall pay the same upon a Re-assessment, in Manner and Form as is herein after provided in case of Deficiency by Churchwardens and Overseers in paying the Rates and AffeiCnents herein atfeer directed to be made.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Assessments which the Directors and ailing Guardians shall judge necessary to be made before the last Thursday in June next ensuing the passing of this Act, shall be made and raised in the same Proportions, and in the same Manner, in which the Rates and Assessments have been made and raised at and since the last General Quarterly Meeting of the said Di-restorsand acting Guardians; and all Arrears and Deficiencies shall be collected, recovered, or made good, in Manner and Form as is next before provided for Arrears and Deficiencies now due.

XLVI. And, for the better Security of such Sums of Money as have been already borrowed

c by vittue of the said recited Act, or mail hereafter be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and so

paying off and discharging such Monies and the Interests thereof, and for providing for the Poor*

‘ employed and relieved, and to be employed and relieved, in the said House, and for defraying

‘ the other Expebces of this Act;' be it further enacted, that the said Directors and acting Guardians shall and may, and they are hereby irapowered, at the said General Quarterly Meetings, to affefa such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Rates herein after mentioned, upon the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, as they the said Directors and acting Guardians shall judge necessary for paying the Interest due on the said Debt, and for defraying the Expences of the current Quarter, and for and towards paying off and discharging the said principal Debt; and the said Directors and acting Guardians for the Time being, or any three or more of them, (whereof bne to be a Director) shall, and they are hereby impowered to issue Warrants un^pr the Seal of the said Corporation, to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Popr, in all and every of the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, requiring such Churchwardens or Overseers to pay, at some particular Time and Place, to be specified in the said Warrants, the Sum so assessed upon the said several Parishes and Places respectively, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Guardians for the Time being, whose Receipt for the same shall be a legal Discharge to such respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor: And for' railing the Sums so assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians, such respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall, from Time to Time, and they are hereby required, with as much Equality and Indifference as possible, to raise, by Taxation of every Inhabitant, Parson, Vicar, and others, and of every Orcupier or Renter of any Land, House, Tythe impropriate, and Propriations of Tythes, in their respective Parishes and Places, so much Money as shall be assessed on such respective Parishes and Places by the said Directors and acting Guardians, in such and the like Manner, and with such Powers, as Money for the Relief of the Poor is by the Laws now in being to be raised, and with such and the like Remedy to Persons aggrieved by Way of Appeal, as is given concerning Rates or Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being; for all which Sums of Money so assessed and received by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of theroor, in case of any Deficiency, the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the respective Parishes and Places, wherein such Sums of Money shall be so assessed or received, shall be answerable and shall be compellable to pay the same upon a Re-afltffment, which, in that Case, is hereby directed to be made by the Directors and acting Guardians assembled at any General Quarterly Meeting; and such Taxes and Assessments, and also such Re-assessments, shall be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner, and with such Powers, as Money assessed for the Relief of the Poor is by the Laws now in being to be levied and recovered.

XLVII. Provided always, That the Sums to be assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians, at their General Quarterly Meetings, upon any one of the said Parishes or Places, shall not exceed, in any one Year, the Sum which shall have been rated* assessed, or expended, for the Relief of the Poor in such

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53.

respective Par idles or Places in one Year, upon the Medium already drawn under the said recited Act, from Easter one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to Eajiir one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall exempt the Churchwardens and Overseers of the feveril PariQves and Places within the said Isle of Wight* from the Several Duties prescribed to them by the general Laws and Statutes of the Realm; but all Churchwardens and Overseers shall keep regular Books of Accounts, and shall have them ready for public Inspection, and shall regularly pass their Accounts every Year and do all other Duties required of them by the general Laws and Statutes of the Realm, other than and except such as are hereby transferred to the Directors and acting Guardians, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case any Churchwarden or Overseer mall die, his Executors or Administrators shall, within forty Days aftef his Decease, deliver over all Things concerning his Office to some Churchwarden or Overseer of the same Place, and shall pay, out of the Assets left by such Churchwarden or Overseer, all Sums of Money remaining due, which he received by virtue of his said Office, before any of his other Debts are paid and Satisfied.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Directore or acting Guardians shall have neglected or refused to hold any such Quarterly Meeting, or if there shall not have appeared a sufficient Number of Directors and acting Guardians at any such Quarterly Meeting, by Means whereof such Assessments cannot be made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the said IJlt of Wight* to order such Rate to be made for the ensuing Quarter as to them shall seem meet; and in case no such Order shall be made within one Month from the Time when such Quarterly Meeting should have been held, the same Proportion shall be rated, ^ffefled, and raised, in such respective Parishes and Places, by the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, for the ensuing Quarter, as was raised in the preceding Quarter, and shall be paid to the said a reasurer in such Manner as is herein before mentioned, with respect to the taxing, assessing, collecting, recovering, and paying, of the Sums assessed by the said Directors and acting Guardians.

L. And, for the more regular discharging of such Sum and Sums of Money as have been Already bor- rowed under the said recited Act, or shall be hereafter borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, and the Interest of the same respectively,' be it enacted, That one equal Moiety or half Part of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall yearly and every Year, for the Space of twenty Years, (to be computed from the First day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six) be saved out of the Rates and Assessments, and Penalties and Forfeitures, to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, and the Profits of the Work of the Poor, and shall remain in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Corporation upon settling his annual Account?, shall go and be applied, yearly and every Year during such twenty Years, towards the paying off and discharging such Sum and Sums of Money as have been so already borrowed, or shall be hereafte/borrowed, upon the Credit of this Act; and that the other Moiety or half Part of the Monies which shall be so saved as aforesaid, shall yearly and every Year, during such twenty Years, be applied to Jeffen and reduce the Rates and Assessments to be made for the Relief of the Poor within the said Island, below the present Average or Medium Rates, in an equal Degree, and in Proportion to the Rates which shall be levied upon the respective Parishes within the said Island; and, from and after the Expiration of the said Term of twenty Years, all and every Fuch Sum and Sums of Money as shall be saved in Manner aforesaid, shall go and be applied, yearly and every Year, towards the paying off and discharging such Sum and Sums of Money as have been already, or shall hereafter be, borrowed as aforesaid, until the Whole of such Monies shall be paid off and discharged.

Li. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every poor Person and Persons, incapable of providing for himself, herself, or themselves, and entitled by the Law of the Land to receive Relief from any Parish or Place within the said Island, shall be under the Management and Government of the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor for the Time being, and of the several Committees and Meetings of Directors and acting Guardians held by virtue of this Act; who may, at their Discretion, at their weekly or other Meetings, order any of the poor Persons entitled to Relief to be received and maintained within the said House of Industry, or may order Relief to be given and allowed to any poor Persons out of the said House, as in their Discretion they shall see Occassion, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as shall be prescribed by any Bye-law or Bye-laws from Time to Time to be made by virtue of this Act.

LII. And be it enacted, That all poor Children, who at any Time shall be maintained by the said Guardians, shall be and remain under their Government till they arrive to the following Ages, (videlicet) every Male Child till the Age of eighteen Years, and every Female Child till the Age of Sixteen Years; and that after such respective Children shall have attained the said respective Ages (or sooner, if the said Directors and acting Guardians shall fee Occasion), they shall be discharged from the Rule and Government of the said Guardians, and be it their own Disposal; or if the Parents, Kindred, or Friends, of Children so maintained shall, before they arrive at the said respective Ages of eighteen and sixteen Years, be able and willing to receive, maintain, and employ, or provide fit and proper Services for such Children, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians (if they shall think proper) at any of the said Quarterly or Weekly Meetings, to dismiss such Children: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians, or any three of them, whereof two at Jeaft shall be Directors, by and with the Consent of two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, acting in and for the Division of the Isle of Wight* at any Time before such Children shall arrive at the respective Ages aforesaid, to bind any such Child or Children, where they

6o.r

Churchwarden% Sec. to be liable to the general Lawi of the Lants.

In case of no Meeting! how Rates to be

made.

Method of pty-ing the Principal-Money.

Poor to be under the Government of the Guardians.

Male Children to remish undef the Government of the G Jardians till the Age of 18; and Females till ib t

Or may be appre.nt ce<i till the A gw* of x i.

602

Me Apprentice to be turned over without Cens;nt cfDirecton.&c.

Penalty for not performing Contrails in relation to such Apprentices.

Children may be bound to the Governor or Steward, See,

Children bound by Directors,&c. to be under the same Regulations as other poor Apprentices.

Children may be apprenticed out of the Id and, &c.

Directors, &c. may let out the Poor to Harvest-work, See,

or may contrail

for employing the Poor for one Year.

Rewards to be given to the industrious Poor 5

C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

shall see convenient, to any Person occupying any Houses* Lands, or Tenements, within the Lid Island, for any Term, so as the same does not exceed his or her Age of twenty-one Years; or to bind any such Male Children Apprentices in the Sea Service, to any Captain, Master, or Owner, of any Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Afient of Justices of the Peace, by the Laws nowin being are impowered to do; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Child or Children shall be bound, shall be obliged to receive and provide for such Apprentices, in like Manner as by the Laws nowin being Persons are obliged to provide for poor Apprentices legally bound to them by the Officers of particular Parishes; and no Apprentice so bound out as aforesaid shall, without the Consent of the Directors and acting Guardians, presentat a Weekly Meeting, be assigned or turned over to any other Person; and when any such Child is bound, or appointed to be bound Apprentice, or is regularly assigned to any other Person, by virtue of this Act, the Person to whom he or she is so bound, or appointed to be bound, or assigned, shall receive and provide for such Child according to the Indenture signed and confirmed by the two Justices of the Peace, and shall, if necessary, execute the other Part of the said Indenture; and if such Person shall refuse or neglect to receive and provide for the said Child, or to execute the other Part of the said Indenture, such Person who shall so neglect or refuse, being thereof convicted by the Oath of one Witness or more, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the fie of Wight, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to the Guardians of the Poor of the Isle of Wight',

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians, by and with the Consent of any two such Justices, at any Time before such respective* Child or Children shall arrive at such respective Ages as aforesaid, to bind any such Child or Children to be Apprentice or Apprentices to the Governor or Steward for the Time being of the said House, till such Child or Children shall come to the Age or respective Ages of twenty-one Years; and on the Death, Re-(ignation, or Removal, of such Governor or Steward, such Apprentice or Appientices so bound shall belong and appertain to the succeeding Governor or Steward, without any formal Assignment being made to hint of such Apprentice or Apprentices, and so from Time to Time to the Governor or Steward for the Time being, until the Expiration of the Term for which any of such Children shall have been reflectively bound; and such Child or Children shall respectively serve the said Governor or Steward for the Time being, as Apprentice or Apprentices, until the End of the said Term for which he, she, or they respectively shall be bound, and shall, during the said Term, be considered as Apprentice or Apprentices to the Governor or Steward for the Time being* to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they, had been originally bound to every new or succeeding Governor or Steward respectively, and had served the whole Term of his, her, or their Apprenticeship with such Governor or Steward; and such Child or Children, so to be bound to the said Governor or Steward, shall be provided for and maintained by the said Guardians, during such his, her, or their respective Apprenticeship, in the same Manner as other poor Children are to be provided for and maintained by virtue of this Act; and all Profits, Benefit, and Advantage, arising from every such Apprentice so bound to the said Governor or Steward* shall be accounted for to the said Guardians, and shall be had, received, and taken by them* and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice so bound by the Directors and acting Guardians shall be entitled to all Privileges and Protections, and subject to the like Regulations, and be considered to all Intents and Purposes (except where it isotherwise provided by this Act) as an Apprentice bound out by the Churchwardens and Overseers of any particular Parish, according to the general Laws for binding poor Apprentices.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and acting Guardians, or any five of them, whereof two at lead to be Directors, to bind any poor Children to be Apprentices, for any Term not exceeding their respective Ages of twenty-one Year*, to any Person© willing to receive such Children, whether such Persons be living within or out of the Lid Isle of flight; and the said Directors and acting Guardians shall have Authority to order the Treasurer, out of the Money in his Hands, to pay such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money at the Time of binding, to the intended Master or Mistress of such Child or Children, as the said Directors and acting Guardiana can agree for with the said Master or Mistress.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and acting Guardians, at any Weekly Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, may> upon Application made by any Farmtr or other Person, wanting any of such Children oroth ?r poor Persons in the said House, either in Harvest or for other Work, foited to the Strength and Abilities of such Children or other poor Persons, let out such Number of such Children or other poor Persons as shall be required, on a Contraft for their Labour and Maintenance, on such Terms as shall be settled between the said Directors and acting Guardians and such Person or Persons agreeing for such Children or other poor Persons; and the Wages shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Guardians, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the -said Directors and acting Guardians, at any General Quarterly Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, to contract (if they shall think it expedient so to do) with any Person or Persons for employing all or any of the Poor in the said House, on such Terms and Conditions as the said Directors and acting Guardians shall think proper, such Contractor or Contractors being subject to such Rules and Regulations as are herein after prescribed, for the Case and Benefit of the Lid poor People, and so as no such Contraft shall subsist or be in Force for any longer Space than one Year: And to the End that all the poor People in the said House may be encouraged to apply themselves to such Talks in which they shall be employed with Diligence and Humility, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians, at

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5

60

any Quarterly Meeting* out of the Profits arising by the Work which shall be done by such poor People, to distribute such Rewards to the industri<*us and skilful, as to them shall appear reasonable, so as no Part of such Rewards be expended.in the Purchase of unwholesome or unnecessary Liquors, the drinking of which the Governors and Stewards, and Matron and Matrons, are hereby strictly enjoined to prevent; and for inciting the Governors and Stewards, Matron or Matrons, and other Officers of the said House, an Jto the Goto discharge their Duty with Humanity, Diligence, and Fidelity, it shall be lawful for the said Directors ^rnor» Matron, and adding Guardians, at any General Quarterly Meeting, to allow such Officers, or any or either of them, over and above their respective Salaries, such Proportion of the Profits of the Work so done by the said poor PeoDle as they shall think proper; and, after deducting such Allowances and Gratuities as aforesaid, the Profits of the Work so done by the said poor People shall be applied to the general Purposes of this Act.

LVII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall convey any spirituous or strong Penalty on Liquors into the said House, such Person and Persons shall be subject to such and the like Pains and Penal- Ua^orfntoThe ties as are, by an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the House! ° Second, directed to be inflicted on Persons conveying spirituous Liquors into Prisons or Gaols.

LVIII. And whereas it may haopen that, by Cafuahies or sudden Illness, several poor Persons may Directors and c Hand in Need of an immediate Re'ief, before Application can be made for the same at the Weekly Meet- *a.ng Guardian* c ings to be held in pursuance of this Act; for Remedy whereof/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, at any Time or Times, for any Director or acting Guardian, upon i\.0routof iu Application made to him, or upon his own Knowledge of the Fad and Necessity of the Case, by Writing House; under his Hand, to oidirthe Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Ovei leer or Overseers of the Poor, for any Parish, Place, or District, within which any poor Person shall, from any Cafuahy, Accident, or sudden Illness, (land in Need of an immediate Assistance and Support, forthwith to pay unto every such Person any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money for his or her Support, until the next Weekly Meeting of the Commit?ee of Directors and acting Guardians shall be held in pursuance of the Directions in this Act; which said Sum or Sums of Money, such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Over-fee! s, shall immediately pay, and apply in such Manner as such Director or acting Guardian so ordering the same shall direct, out of the Monies collcded or to be collected by him or them for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be allowed the same in his or their Accounts; and if any Churchwarden or Overseer advances such Money out of his own Pocket, he may retain the same out of the Rates and Assessments next by him received by virtue of this Act; and if he shall receive n6 such Rate or Assessment after having advanced his own Money as aforesaid, he may demand the Sura so by him advanced from his Successors, who are hereby required to pay the said Sum to him, and they shall be atlowed the same in their Accounts: And the said Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, upon whom any such Order or Orders shall be made by such Director or acting Guardian as aforesaid, shall attend at the next Weekly Meeting of the said Committee of Directors and acting Guardians, and lay before the said. Committee the State and Circumstances of the Person or Persons so ordered to be relieved; and the said Committee shall give such further Directions for the Maintenance and Relief of such poor Person or Persons, as to them shall seem expedient: And that it shall and may be lawful for two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Scuiba/npton, acting in and for the Division of the lo an P0Prpcr, Isle of Wight, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order the Directors and acting Guardians to son*°L may *pl grant such reasonable Relief, as to them the said Justices shall seem meet, to any industrious poor Persons Piy\o the Ju(-who shall have Occasion to apply for the same, so as no such Order for the Relief of any poor Person uc.s, &c. or Persons within the said island shall be made, by any such two or more Justices as aforesaid, until such poor Person or Persons shall have applied or caused Application tojbe made for such Relief, at some Weekly Meeting of the Committee of Directors and acting Guardians, to be held in pursuance of this Act, and such Relief shall, at such Weekly Mating, have been refused.

LIX. And beitfuither charted, Thar the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other Parish Officers for the Time being, of all and every the Parishes, Divisions, and Precincts, within the said island, shall from Time to Time, nod at ali Times hereafter, aid and assist the said Guardians,

Directors, and acting Guardians, to the heft of their Power, according to the Duty of their respective Offices, 2nd shall at all Times obey their Warrants and reasonable Orders relative to the Execution of this Act; and in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or Confhble, or other Officer, shall lefufe or neglect to raise and levy the Sums so a fie (Ted upon his respective Parish or Place, or to pay at the Time and Place appointed the Money so collected and levied, or to obey any such Warrants or Orders* or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his or their Duty towards the Indemnification of the several Parishes, in Cases of Bastardy and Pregnancy of single Women; or, if any Overseer shall, without Penalty on Pa-giving Notice at a Weekly Meeting, fufier any Person or Persons having a Wife or Wives, Child or Chil- officers for dren, or any Angle Woman generally known or violently suspected to be with Child, whose legal Settle- Neglect of Duty* ment shall not be in any Parish within the said island, to inhabit within the Parish of such Overseer, for the Space of thirty Days, without producing a legal Certificate of their Settlement from the Parish to which they belong, and such Person or Persons, his or their Wife or Wives, Child or Children, or any such single Woman, shall become chargeable to the Guardians of the Poor of the said island, every such Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable, or Officer, so neglecting or refusing, shall, on Complaint made by the Chairman of any Weekly or other Committee, in the Name of the Whole, to any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, acting in and for the said Division of the Isle of Wight, pay, for every such Offence, being thereof convicted on the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before such Justice or Justices, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Forfeiture to be paid to the Trea

furer

Churchwardens, &c, relieving such Poor, to attend the nexC weekly Meeting, &c.

In case Committee refuse Relief

Churchwarden* and Overseer? to assist and obey the Director* and Guardians.

604.

Cost* of Removals, &c. to be paid by the Treasurer,

Appeals against Convictions.how to be brought, &c.

Bayards born in the House ro be-foog to vheir Mother'* Parish,

Bonds relating to Baflardato be delivered to the Guardians, &c.

Chardians may give Certificate*.

Certificate* in Custody of Parish Officer*, &c. to be delivered to the Clsik of the Corporation.

Punishment of poor Persons guilty of lewd or d forderly Behaviour.

Justice. on Complaint of the Governor, may commit dif-crdc.Jy Persons to the House of Coric&ion*

C. $3.' Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. ' A.D. 1776.

surer or Treasurers of the said Guardians, and added by him to the common Stock for the Use of the

Poor.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the Removals of any poor Persons, or the Appeals against any Removals, and all other necessary Expences which shall arise in Cases of Bastardy, or otherwise, and which would, if not otherwise provided for, be paid and defrayed by the particular Parishes or Places within the said Island, shall hereafter be paid and defrayed by the Treasurer of the Corporation for the Time being, out of the Monies in his Hands belonging to the said Corporation: Provided always, That the Treasurer shall not pay the same until the Bill or Account thereof shall have been previously allowed at a Weekly or other Meeting, and an Order made at such Meeting for Payment thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Appeals against any Convictions given and allowed by virtue of this Act, the Penalties and Forfeitures whereof are given to the Guardians of the Poor of the said Island, shall be brought against the Guardians of the Poor of the said Island, and not against the Informer or Justice concerned in the said Conviction; and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, incurred by the said Guardians, by Reason of such Appeal, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Treasurer of the Corporation, out of the Monies in his Hands belonging to the said Corporation.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bastard Child that hath been, or shall hereafter be born of the Body of any poor Woman in the said House of Industry, shall gain and be intitled to a Settlement in the Parish where the Settlement of the Mother shall then be; and that the Settlement of each such Bastard Child shall follow that of the Mother, as fully as if such Bastard Child had been born in such Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Settlement of the Mother shall belong, and shall be deemed as one of the Poor thereof, to every Intent and Purpose whatsoever: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, Township, or Place, to which the Settlement of every such Woman shall belong, and also to and for the Governor of the said House for the Time being (who for this Purpose shall be considered as, and have a like and equal Authority with, an Overseer of the Poor within every Parish and Place within the said Island), or any or either of them, to proceed in the same Manner, and have and take such and the same Remedy against the Mother and reputed Father of any such Bastard Child, for indemnifying the said Guardians of the Poor by reason of such Bastard Child, and likewise in all Respects as she Law directs in the Case of Bastardy, and as fully as if such Bastard Child had been actually born in the Parish, Township, or Place, in which the Mother's Settlement shall then be.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds already given to parochial Officers within the said Island, by private Persons, to indemnify the Parishes from any Charge that may arise from particular Bastard Children, shall be delivered by such respective Officers to the said Guardians of the Poor; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Guardians to sue on any such Bonds so given to such parochial Officers, in their Corporate Name, and they shall recover the Penalties thereof, as if such Bonds had been originally made to them; and all Bonds hereafter given for the same, or any the like Purposes, as aforesaid, shall be made to the said Guardians of the Poor; and all Bonds already or hereafter to be made to the Guardians of the Poor, for the same or any the like Purposes, shall be deemed as good and effectual in Law as if the same had been made to the Officers of the respective Parishes; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, at their General Quarterly Meetings assembled as aforesaid, to grant Certificates under the Common Seal of the Corporation, to any Person whose legal Settlement shall be in any Parish or Place within the said Ijh of Wight, and who shall be willing to remove, or shall have removed, out of the said Island; which respective Certificates, under the Common Seal of the said Guardians, and attested by their Clerk for the Time being, and signed by two Justices of the Peace acting for the Division of the said Island, shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, and no other Certificate whatsoever to be granted within the said Island shall be valid or of any Effect; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And that all Certificates* which have been delivered to, and remain in the Custody of, the respective parochial Officers, by Persons residing within the said Island, shall be delivered forthwith, and all Certificates which shall hereafter be delivered to the respective parochial Officers by Persons coming to reside, or residing, within the said Island, shall he, from Time to Time, delivered, within the Space of fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof by such Officer, to the Clerk of the said Corporation for the Time being, who shall cause the same to be filed, so that Reference may be had thereto at any future Time, and shall suffer the same to be inspected by any Person who shall, for good and sufficient Cause, desire to inspect the same at reasonable Hours.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person maintained and relieved in the said House, shall be guilty of prophane cursing or swearing, or of any lewd, immoral, indecent, or disorderly Behaviour, or shall neglect or refuse to perform the Work or Services which he or (lie shall be required to do, or shall be remiss therein (such Work or Service being suited to his or her Age, Strength, and Ability), every such Offender shall and may be punished by moderate Correction, or Distinction of Dress, such Punishment to be inflicted by Order of the major Part of the said Directors and acting Guardians present at any Weekly Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Acth

LXVI. Provided nevertheless, That if the Governor or Governors shall make Complaint to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Southampton, arSiing in and for the Division of the Isle of Wight, against any idle or disorderly Person or Persons maintained and relieved in the said House, and such Person shall, on Examination of the Complaint, be adjudged by the said Justice to be guilty of any such Offence, that then itlhall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit the Offender to the House of Correction lor the said

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53. 605

aid County at Newport, in the Isle of Wight, for any Time not exceeding one Month, or to direct Corporal Punishment only, or both Corporal Punishment and Commitment, as such Justice, according to the Nature of the Offence, shall think proper.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians, or Guardian* may any one of them, to apprehend, or causeto be apprehended, all Persons being in any Parish or Place *?Jc

within the said Island, who, not having wherewith to maintain themselves, or their Families, live idle p,f0Mw?this without Employment, and refuse to work, according to their Abilities, for the usual and common Wages the island* given to other Labourers in the like Work, in the Parishes or Places where they then are, or who neglect or refuse to maintain their Wives or Children according to their Abilities, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, to some Justice of the Peace for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the Isle of

Wight* the Person or Persons so apprehended, and such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed idle and disorderly, and shall be dealt with according to the Laws, which shall be then in Force, against idle and disorderly Persons.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors ft all and may, cfcardianato and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to complete and finish the said House of finish and com Industry, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Island; and one pietethcBuild-Other separate Building, or Part of a Building, to serve as a House or Houses of Correction for the Pu- ,n58* r»i(hment and keeping to hard Labour such idle and disorderly Persons, who being able shall refuse to Work, or otherwise misbehave themselves; and such other Buildings as shall, in the Opinion of the said Directors and acting Guardians, be necessary for executing the Purposes of the said Act; and that until the said House of Industry^ and such other Buildings as shall be adjudged necessary ;*s aforesaid, shall be completed, the said Directors, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, a Committee to direct and superintend the said Buildings until the same shall be finifeed; and the said Directors shall keep the said Buildings in good Repair, and from Time to Time alter and enlarge the same, in, such Manner as shall be thought convenient, and the Expence of keeping the same in Repair shall be defrayed out of the Money from Time to Time raised by the Rates by virtue of this Act; and the said Committee shall enter all their Proceedings in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall and may, by Order under their Hands* or the Hands of any four or more of them, at a public Meeting assembled, order any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers out of the Money remaining in his or their Hands for the Purposes of this Act; and also shall and may furnkh the said ,ndtofarjufe House with all necessary Furniture, Household Goods, and Utenfih, and also provide a convenient Stock the kmc. of Flax, Hemp, Wool, Cotton, Thread, Iron, Stone, and Wood, and other Materials, for the Employment of the Poor received and to be received into such House, and for that Purpose may set up, use, tfnd occupy, any Trade, Mystery, or Occupation whatsoever, in such House.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all Furniture, Provisions, Cattle, Cloaths, The Property of and of all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be, received, Furniture, &c. Ourchafed, or acquired, by the said Corporation, or by any Officer of the Corporation for the Use of the *? ltk

said Corporation, and shall be employed by the said Corporation according to the Purposes of this Act, 1 e uar and also all Debts due to the Corporation for the Poor's Work, or otherwise, shall be, and are hereby absolutely vested in the said Guardians for the Use of the said Corporation; which said Guardians are hereby authorised and empowered, by their said Name of Incorporation, to bring Actions for the Recovery thereof, and also to make any Accusatiort before any Justice of the Peace against any Person or Persons who shall flea!, or be suspected of dealing the same, and the said Justice shall thereupon cause Every Person so accused to be apprehended, which said Person so apprehended shall be dealt with as if he had stolen, or were suspected of Healing, the Goods or Chattels of any private Person.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the House of Industry, erected by virtue of this, or of the The House of above recited Act, shall be considered as a Dwelling-house, and in all Indictments for dealing any Goods Industry to be or Chattels whatsoever out of the same, it shall be hifficient to set forth that the said House of Industry is jjnfdered * the Dwelling-house of the Governor thereof, for the Time being, and every Person convicted of dealing Dwelling-house, Goods and Chattels out of the said House shall receive the like Sentence and Punishment, according to c* the Circumstances of his Case, as if he had stolen Goods or Chattels from the Dwelling-house of any private PeTfon.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Poor, provided for and under the Care of penalty on po#r the said Guardians, shall steal, take, carry away, fell, embezzle, pawn, pledge, or wilfully destroy or Person who spoil, any such she aforesaid Furniture, Provisions, Cattle, Cloaths, or any other the Goods or Chattel* /kali fell or whatsoever, to the said Corporation belonging as aforesaid, or shall be violently suspected of dealing, tak- Pawn» *c. any ing, carrying away, felling, embezzling, pawning, pledging, or wilfully destroying or spoilinethe fame, F"rnitu*c> pro~ it shall be lawful for two Justices of the Peace for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the ciuuiba* belong. Ifleof IVi^hty on Application from the Chairman of any Weekly or other Committee, in the Name of j0g to the c V the Whole, to hear and determine the Matter of the said Accuution or Suspicion, and on Confession of pontion; the Party, or on due Proof before them by one credible Witness, or more, to order such Confinement and corporal Punishment of any such Offender in the House of Correction, instead of any Prosecution for Felony as aforesaid, as they shall think proper; and in case any poor Person so accused shall have absconded, it shall be lawful for the Directors and acting Guardians at such Weekly ot other Meeting, by Warrant under the Seal of the said Corporation, to cause such Person to be apprehended within the said Island* and to be conveyed to the said House of Industry, there to be confined and punifted as aforesaid: And in ando»Persona case any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy or receive, or cause to be bought and received, or shall buying or re-Otherwise take into his, her, or their Custody or Power, any such of the aforesaid Goods, Cattle, Chat- cedingtUkmej tels. Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, Wearing-apparel. Tools, Utensils, and Materials whatso-^ver before-named, from or by Means or Contrivance or any of the Poor under the Care and Management of the said Guardians, or from any other Person or Persons, without the Privity and Consent of the

606 C. 53. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

or harbouring any of the Poor who bare able ended, &c.

Penalty on Persons opposing the Execution of this Act.

Cr minions not to be quashed for wtiktof Form.

Form of Cost-vi&iocw

said Guardians at Tome such Weekly Meeting or in case any Person or Persons shall knowingly receive, entertain, keep, or conceal, any of the said Poor under the Care of the said Guardians, who shall have absconded, eloped, or defefted from the said House ot Industry without the Privity and Consent of the said Guardians, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, on his or her own Confession in Writing, or upon the Oath of any one Witness before any one Justice of the Peace for the said County, acting in and for the Division of the said Isle of Wight, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, over and besides the Value of the Goods, Cattle, Chattels, Apparel, or Materials, so bought, received, or taken, into his, her, or their Custody, to be estimated at the Price the same were originally bought for when new for the Use of the said Corporation.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, by open Force and Violence, hinder, or endeavour to hinder, the lawful Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities veiled in any of the Officers, or Members of this Corporation, by virtue of this Act, and shall be thereof convicted, on Oath of one Witness, before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division of the Isle of Wight, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor lets than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the said Corporation, to be levied by Distress and Sale; and if sufficiem Distress cannot be found, every such Person shall be committed to the House of Correction at Newport, within the said liland^ and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Conviction and Convictions for any Penalty whatsoever, in pursuance of this Act, and in anywise relating to the said Corporation, shall be drawn up in the following Manner, or in Words to the same Effect, and shall not be quashed, or vacated, or any Advantage taken thereof, for want of Form.

Penaltle* tf»4 Forfeitures how to be recovered*

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sedions j

whose Determination shall be final.

Justices to proceed on Complaint of Directors, &c.

Governors or

Steads may ft aJ Peace Officer?.

: on the

for

Day of in the Year

is [or are] convicted before

[Specifying the Offence and

T/U of nngbt,} BE it remembered, That

Falls as the Case shall be.]

Given under ' Hand and Seal, [or Hands and Seals,] the Day and Year aforesaid.9

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted, directed, and made payable to the Use of the said Corporation, as are herein mentioned and expressed (except in such Cases where it is hereby otherwise ordered) and also all such other pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever, which shall be inflicted and appointed by any Bye-law or Ordinance to be made by the said Corporation, pursuant to the Power hereby given, shall and may be severally recovered, and are hereby directed and impowered to be severally recovered, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person having in* curred any such Forfeitures, and being thereof convicted, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, acting for the Division of the Isle of Wight, together with the Costs of Distress, to be ascertained by such Justices (who are hereby severally impowered and required, upon the Application of any Person, by Order of the said Directors and acting Guardians, to issue and grant such Warrant or Warrants, in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be paid, or Notice of Appeal given, within ten Days after such Conviction ;) and in case such sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, upon the like Application, to apprehend any such Offender or Offenders, and by virtue of such Warrant to cause such Offender to be committed to the House of Correction at Newport, in the Isle of Wight, for such Space of Time as such Justices by such Warrant shall appoint, not exceeding three Months, unless he or they shall sooner pay such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with the Charges attending the Proceedings against him or them, to be ascertained by such Justices, as aforesaid.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases of Penalties and Forfeitures given by this Act, to be levied by Distress and Sale, on Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices (except where an Appeal is expressly taken away by the Provisions of this Act), it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said County at Winchester, against such Conviction, on giving Notice to the Directors and acting Guardians of such Appeal, and entering into a Recognizance of ten Pounds, with sufficient Sureties, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, acting for the Division of the Jfe of IVighty upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal; and, in case the said Conviction shall be confirmed, to pay the Costs and Charges of the said Directors and acting Guardians attending such Appeal, to be allowed by such Justices; and the Justices ac such Session assembled shall and may hear and finally determine such Appeal, and may mitigate, or set aside, such Penalties, in such Manner, and award such reasonable Costs to either Party, as they shall think proper.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are impowered, by the Laws now in being, to proceed on the Complaint of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes, or of any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required to proceed on the Complaint of any of the said Directors or acting Guardians, Governors or Stewards for the Time being, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Complaint had been made by such Churchwardens, or Overseers, or any of them: And, for the better and more easy Execution of the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, all Warrants issued by any

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. ^53. 607

Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, or any ways respecting the Government and Ada-nagement of the Poor within the said Island, shall and may be directed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, either to the Governors or Stewards of the said House of Industry, for the Time being, or to the Constable or Constables, or other Peace Officer or Officers of the Parish or Place where the same are to be respectively' executed, and such Governors or Stewards are hereby authorised and required to execute such Warrants so directed to them, accordingly; and all Persons are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to such Governors or Stewards in the Execution of such Warrants, in the same Manner as if such Warrants had been executed by a Constable or other Peace Officer.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures arising from any Offences committed within Forfeiturespiren the said Island, where the Whole, or any Part thereof, is given so the Poor of the Parish, or for any to the Poor to Offences against this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Corporation, to the Use be lhc of the Poor of such House. ... Treasurer.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman of any chaiman of a Weekly Committee, or other Meeting of the Directors and acting Guardians,' to be held in pursuance of Weekly Com-this Act, and also to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County of Southamptoni acting in may

and for the Division of the Isle of Wight, before whom any Complaint shall be made, by virtue of this Act, to issue a Summons, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Appearance of any ^nVihemon*-Person or Persons before him or them, as Witness or Witnesses in any such Complaint, and to examine any such Person or Persons upon Oath 5 which Oath such Chairman, and Justice or Justices, is and are hereby impowered to administer, touching and concerning such Complaint.

LXXIX. And whereas on the Trial of Actions for Offences against this Act, and on the Hearing poor main'a'n- of Examinations and Appeals touching Orders of Removal to and from the said Island, and also touch- cd in the House,

ing Orders of Bastardy concerning Bastards chargeable, or likely to become chargeable, to any Parish inhabitants,

within the said Island, and also touching Convictions or Adjudications of Offences and Defaults, for which Penalties or Forfeitures are or may be imposed by virtue of this Act, or are or may, by virtue of witnTflci.

any other Act, be levied for the Use of the Poor of any Parish or Place within the said Island, it will ge- nerally happen that Persons who can give the most satisfactory Tdtimony in such Cases will be Persons who pay to the Rates and Assessments imposed by Order or Direction of this Corporation, or Persons who are Officers of the same, or who are maintained within the House of Industry, or otherwise sup- ported by this Corporation: And whereas such Persons may frequently be deemed to be interested. and the Judges before whom they appear as Witnesses may incline to reject their Testimony on such Occa-4 (ions; for Remedy whereof,' be it enacted and declared, That in all Actions to be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture given by this Act; and at the Hearing of all Examinations and Appeals touching Orders of Removal to and from the said Island, or touching Orders of Bastardy concerning Bastards chargeable, or likely to become chargeable, to any Parish or Place within the said Island, or touching Adjudications or Convictions of Defaults and Offences, for which Forfeitures or Penalties are or may be imposed by virtue of this Act, of touching any Penalties or Forfeitures which, or any Part of which, by the Laws now in being, or by any Laws hereafter to be made, are or may be given to the Poor of any Parish or Place within the said Island, the Evidence of Persons who pay to the Rates and Assessments imposed by Order or Direction of this Corporation, and of Persons who are Members or Officers of the same, and of Persons who are maintained within the said House of Industry, or who are otherwise supported or assisted by the said Corporation, shall be taken and admitted, any Law, Custom, Rule, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Workhouses belonging to the Trustee* to fell several Parishes in the JJle of frtgkty together with the Lands thereunto belonging, which, by the above- Workhouse* not recited Act, are or were vested in the Trustees named in the said recited Act, shall continue to be vested, already fold, in the said Trustees, unless they have already fold or conveyed away the same; and that the said Trustees and their Heirs shall and do sell and convey such of the said Houses and Lands, as they have not already fold and conveyed away, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the lame, and shall and do pay the Monies arising by such Sale or Sales into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Corporation, to be applied to the common Stock of the said Corporation, for the Purposes of this Act; and all and All Alignments, every Alignments, Conveyances, and Assurances whatsoever, of all and every or any of the Work- &c. of Trustees, houses of the several Parishes within the said Island, fold under the said Act by the Trustees therein men- Director*» *c. tioned, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and all and every other Act and Acts, Thing and Things "°^crfolcr whatsoever, done or procured to be done by the said Directors, or by the said Directors and Guardians, lid/ to cva" chosen and acting under and by virtue of the said Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act was to remain, continue, and be in full Force, and not hereby repealed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all Right of Rights of Com. Common, and Common of Pasture, and other Rights and Privileges, in, over, or upon, the said Land mononthe or Ground, comprised in and granted by the said recited Letters Patent, shall cease, determine, and be for k*?*1 ir jCd ever extinguished and annihilated, to all Intents and Purposes; and that such Land or Ground, or any "£D8Ul of the Buddings already made andereded, or hereafter to be made and erected thereon, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of any Rates, Taxes, or Levies whatsoever, or to any Claims or Demands whatsoever, for amending, maintaining, or repairing, any Way or Road whatsoever, on account of inclosing the said Land.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all voluntary Contributions, voluntary Con-which well-disposed and charitable Persons shall think proper to make towards the carrying on the good tribution* how Purposes hereby intended, shall be paid to and received by the Treasurer of the said Guardians, and be to bedisposedof. applied and disposed of in such Manner, for the Maintenance, Cloathing, Employment, Accommodation

6o8

Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors,

ItCi,

Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

Di Grefs not deemed unlawful for want of Feus, Sec*

Treble Colt*

Plaintiff, on Recovery, to be paid full Coils.

Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of A-snends made.

Commencement of this Act, and Repeal of the former one.

Expences of this Act how to be paid,

Public Act.

C. 54, 55. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

and Benefit of the Poor in the said House, as the Contributor and Contributors shall direct and appoint; and if no particular Direction or Appointment shall be given or made, touching the Application of such Contributions, the same shall be made Part of the common Stock, and applied for the general Purposes of this Act; and a List of the Names of such Contributors, and an Account of the Sums by them contributed, shall be affixed in the most conspicuous Part of the said House.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not prejudice or aftest the Rights of the Lord and Lords of any Manor or Manors within the said Island, and of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants within the said island, in and to ail Rights of Common, or other Rights or Privileges whatsoever, in, upon, or within the said Forest of Parkkurjl$ but that such Lord or Lords for the Time being, and all Persons claiming or to claim, under or in Trust for him or them as Lord or Lords aforesaid, and also all Freeholders and Inhabitants within the said Island, shall at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rights of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, other than and except such Right of Common, and other Rights and Privileges, as can or may be claimed by them, any or either of them, upon the Land inclosed by virtue of the said recited Act, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same would have been held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fa*ft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Southampton, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in Rich Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money justly due, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties concerned therein be deemed Trespasser or Trespassers for Want of Form in any of the Proceedings, nor shall the Parties be deemed Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Party or Parties aggrieved shall recover Satisfaction for the special Damage he, fheT or they shall have sustained, and no more: And if in any Action or Suit as aforesaid, a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases determined by Law; and in all Actions and Suits so commenced and prosecuted, the Inhabitants of the said Island shall be deemed and admitted to be good Evidences, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such Action, he, she, or they shall be paid his, her, or their full Costs of Suit, and have all the like Remedies for the same as in the other Cases of Costs.

LXXXVI. Provided nevertheless, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, if Tender of Amends hath been made by the Party or Parties complained of, before such Action brought; and that for this Purpose the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, before such Action brought, shall give six Weeks Notice to the Party against whom he proposes to bring the same.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take place on the first Day of June next ensuing the passing of this Act 5 and, from and after the said first Day of June, the above-recited Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said island), be wholly and entirely repealed.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of procuring this Act of Parliament shall be paid out of the first Monies to be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act 5 and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts); and also an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum).

" 5 Geo. II. c. 30. further continued for five Years 5 and 14 Geo. III. c 42. further continued for two Years*

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building-leases thereof.

u Indenture of Grant by Humphrey Booth, &c. dated 18th Feb. 6 Car. I. recited. The Trustees, &c- may €€ lease the Trust-estate for 99 Years; and from Time to Time renew such Leases, (*fc. Leflce may take

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56, 57, 58. 609

down Buildings, and fct out Ways or Streets, &c. The most improved Rent to be Teferved, and paid quarterly. Lessees to covenant to build and repair, and deliver up Possession, &c, Leases to contain a Power of Re-entry for Non-payment of Rent. The Trustees, on granting Leases, may take Fines sufficient to defray the Expences of this Act; and may apply Part of the Rents in making Improvements, and Payment of Agents Salaries. Trustees are impowered to direct the Constables, in the Distribution of the Rents. Leases made by virtue of this Act deemed valid."

CAP. LVI.

An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there; and for widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes, and railages.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and for removing all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for pavings cleansing, lightings and watchings the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the Highstreet in

Chatham, as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for paving,

[Preamble.]

cleansing, lighting, and watchings the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the Aa 1* Geo. III.

4 County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And whereas the rcaled*

4 Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said Act, have caused the greatest Part of the said Streets and Lanes to be paved, cleansed, and lighted, but Part of the High fir eet of the said Town of Chatham being within the Parish of Saint Margaret next the City of Rochester, and another small Part of the said Highstreet lying within the Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kent, Doubts have arisen whether the said Act empowers the said Commissioners to pave, cleanse, light, and watch, such Parts of the said Highstreet of the said Town of Chatham which lie within the said respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, for which Reason those Parts have not yet been paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched; and the said Act has in several other Respects been found ineffectualmay it therefore please your Majesty that ic may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Tomlyn, William Kettle, John Burton, Additional John Matthews, William Moulden, John Souther den, Thomas Baker the elder, and John Maynard, together Commissioners. with the Commissioners appointed for putting in Execution the said recited Act, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, Commissioners for putting in Execution the said recited Act, and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of the Pave- The Property of ments in all and every the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, as well of that Part of the Parish of Saint Pavements, Margaret next the City of Rochester, in the said County of Kent, which lies on the South Side of the said saWrtTvrar-*1 Highstreet of Chatham, commencing at, and extending from, a Boundary Stone, placed at the End of g4ret and GiU Chatham Parish, next a certain Place called The Chapelficps in the said Parish of Chatham, Westward, to lingham Parish-a certain House called The Round-about-house at or near Saint Margaret's Bank; and of that Part of the «i as also in ail Carriage-way in the said Parish of Saint Margaret, which extends from the said House called The Round- |*arI1 pfrjfl, hat* about-house, Westward, opposite to the End or Corner of his Majesty's Victualling-office-wall, next to a y*£d certain Lane there commonly called Hangman's Lane, on the North Side of the said Highstreet; and also Commissioners; the Pavements from the said House called The Round-about-house along the Bank called Saint Margaret's Bank, Westward, to a certain Public-house or Inn lately called The Flying-horse, but now The Horse and Groom, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, in the said County of Kent, and the several Lanes and public Passages to the said Bank adjoining; as also the Pavements in that Part of the Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kent, which ^aj°5nct^ to an^ maketh Part of the said High-street of Chatham aforesaid, and the several Lanes and public Passages thereto adjoining; as also the Pavements in all and every th z High street. Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Passages, within the said Town and Parish of Chatham, as well those Parts used by Carriages, as those used by Foot-passengers, within the said several and respective Parishes and Limits aforesaid, now in being, or which hereafter shall be made or laid out, or intended for any Street, Lane, or public Paflaee, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things, to be purchased for the Purposes of the said recited, or this Act, or used, or to be used, in or about the making or repairing the said Pavements; shall be, and the same are hereby respectively vested in the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, or in pursuance thereof, and by this present.

Act: And they are hereby authorised and impowered to pave, cleanse, light, and watch, the said High-street. Streets, Lanes, public Ways, and Passages, of the said several and respective Parishes within the or mak« Con- Limits before described, or to make Contracts for executing, performing, and completing, the said several trade for par-

the Street*,

6io

Dire A ions for the Foot-pavement on Saint Margaret'* Bank.

Commissioners impowered toerect Bars and Ports on Saint Margaret's Bank:

Provided they do not deprive the Inhabitant* of their Right of Passage, Sec

Commissioners not to pave Gillingham, without the Consent of the Owner* of Ertates,

The Expence*

of Paving how to be borne;

To be paid either by Landlord or T cnant.

If Tenant* pay, they are to be allowed it out of their Rent.

Penalty on Landlord's or Tenant's neglecting to pay, within ten Days after Demand.

C. 58. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Pavements, Works, and Duties aforesaid, and to remove all Signs, Sign-irons, and Posts, Incroachments, Shop-windows, Projections, Trees, Nuisances, and Annoyances whatsoever, and to convey the Water from the Roofs and Pent-houses by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks, to be fixed to the Sides of the House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, where to the same belongs, within the Limits aforesaid, and to recover the Charges and Expences attending the same. and the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred thereby, or for Offences committed, in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways and Means, as are particularly provided, declared, mentioned, and expressed, in and by the said recited Act, and this Act, in all Points and Respects.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Parts of the Footway upon Saint Margaret's Bant aforesaid, which shall be paved with Maidstone Flats, or Purbeck Squares, or other flat or smooth Pavement, shall not exceed five Feet in Breadth, of such fiat or smooth Pavement; unless the Landlords or Owners of the several and respective Houses and Buildings shall request or desire it.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered (if absolute Occasion or NeceflUtv shall require it, but not otherwise) to place, crest, or fix, one or more Bar or Bars, and Posts, in and upon the said Bank called Saint Margaret's Bank, for preventing a public Thoroughfare for Horses and travelling Carriages to pass over the said Bank, to annoy the Inhabitants residing there, and from Time to Time to remove, or take away, and again to replace, such Bars and Posts, at their free Wills and Pleasures.

' V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to deprive the Owners or Proprietors, or the Tenants or Occupiers, of the respective Tenements, Houses, or Buildings, upon Saint Margaret's Bank aforesaid, of their accustomed Right and Way of Passage, with Horses, Carriages, or otherwise, in, upon, or over the said Bank, into the High Road there adjoining, and leading to the City of Rochester, or Parish of Chatham aforesaid, respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to impower the said Commissioners to pave the Footway in that Part of Gillingham Parish which adjoins Chatham High-street, unless all the Proprietors of Estates there shall, by Petition under their Hands addressed and prtfented to the said Commissioners at a Meeting assembled, particularly request and desire the same; but the said Commissioners shall, nevertheless, have Power (if they think proper) to cleanse and light that Part of the said Parish of Gillingham, and the several Lanes which adjoin and make Part of the said Highstreet of Chatham aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences attending the paving, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said several Streets, Lanes, public Ways and Passages, by virtue, and within the Limits of the said recited or this present Act, shall be borne and defrayed, under the Direction and Order of the said Commissioners, by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or by the Parent, Trustee, Guardian, Assignee, or Ccftuiaue Trust of any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Alleys, Passages, Gardens, Tofts, Ruins, Waste Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying next to or adjoining such respective Pavements; and shall be paid to the Collector or Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or by their respective Parents, Trustees, Guardians, Assignees, or Cestuique Trusts, or their respective Tenants, or Occupiers of the said several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Alleys, Passages, Gardens, Tofts, Ruins, Waste Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at the Option or Choice of the said Commissioners; and such Tenant or Occupier, in case he, she, or they, shall pay the same, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby impowered to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay on account thereof for their respective Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors, who are hereby required to allow and deduct such Payments accordingly upon the Receipt of the Residue of their respective Rents: And if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or his, her, or their Parents, Trustees, Guardians, Assignees, Cestuique Trusts, Tenants, or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Charges within ten Days next after Demand thereof made, by Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to be delivered to, or left at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode of, such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or of their respective Parents, Trustees, or Guardians, or their respective Tenants, or Occupiers thereof, the same shall and may be levied on every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or on their respective Parents, Trustees, or Guardians, or on their respective Tenants, or Occupiers thereof, at the Option or Choice of the said Commissioners, by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their respective Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, or for the City of Rochester% under whose Jurisdiction the same shall arise (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant upon Information, on Oath, of such Neglect or Refusal and Notice 5 which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies to be raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting all Costs and Charges attending the same, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, on Demand; and in case such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or their respective Parents, Trustees, Guardians, Affienees, or Cestuique Trusts, shall not live within the several and respective. Parishes of Chatham^ Saint Margaret, and Gillingham aforesaid, that then the Charges and Expences of paving, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair, such respective Pavements, shall and may be levied upon such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or his, her, or their respective Parent, Trustee, or Guardian, of the several and respective Houses, Buildings, Yards, Alleys, Passages, Gardens, Tofts, Ruins, Waste Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Proprietor or Proprietors, or of his, her, or their respective Parent, Trustee, or Guardian, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Divi-

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 58. 611

lion, or Places where such Goods or Chattels shall be; such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or his, her, or their respective Parent, Trustee, or Guardian, having refused or neglected to pay the same for the Space of ten Days next after Demand made thereof, by Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, or of his Agent or Attorney for that Purpose appointed, to be delivered to, or left at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode of, such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or of his, her, or their respective Parent, Trustee, Guardian, Assignee, or Cestuique Trust, Oath of such Refusal or Neglect, and Notice, being first made, by a credible Witness, before such Justice or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Parishioners of the respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham aforesaid shall, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, bear and sustain the Charges and Expences of paving, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair, such Part and Parts of the several Pavements to them reflectively belonging within the Limits aforesaid, and by them accustomed to be paved, maintained, repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Charges and Expences of paving, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair, such parochial Pavements, within the said Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and Limits aforesaid, shall be pard to the said Collector or Clerk, by the Surveyors of the Highways, or by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes aforesaid, for the Time being, or by any, or either, or such of them as have heretofore been accustomed, and of Right ought to pave, maintain, repair, and keep in Repair, such parochial Pavements; which said Charges and Lx-pences, so to be paid by the said Surveyors of the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the respective Parishes aforesaid, shall bfc allowed to them respectively, in all Accounts, touching their several Offices or Departments, and to all others whom it may concern: And in case the said Surveyors of the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, of the said respective Parishes, or any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the said Collector or Clerk the Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid by them respectively, for the Space of twenty Days next after the same shall be demanded of them respectively, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector or Clerk, to be delivered to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling-houses or usual Places of Abode; then, and in every such Case, the said Charges and Expences, so neglected or refused to be paid, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Surveyors of the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes aforesaid, for the Time being, or such of them as by the said recited Act, or this Act, is or are directed to pay the Charges and Expences so neglected or refused to be paid; and such Distress shall be made by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Western Division in the said County of Kent, or for the City of Rochester, under whose Jurisdiction the same shall arise, which Warrant the said Justices (on Oath being first made before them of such Neglect or Refusal and Notice) are hereby authorised, required, and impowered, to administer and grant; and the Overplus of the Monies arising by such Distress and Sale (if any), after deducting the Charges attending the same, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained ind fold, on Demand.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Parts of the Highstreet, Streets, and Lanes, within the said Town and Parish of Chatham, which have been first paved, or which, at any Time hereafter, shall be first paved, by the said Commissioners, out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, shall, from Time to Time thereafter, be paved, repaired, and kept in Repair, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by and at the Expence and Charges of the several Owners or Proprietors of the respective Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fronting or adjoining such Pavements.

X. Provided always, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Proprietors of Estates, in the said respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, with the Repairs of any of the parochial Pavements thereof, but that the same shall be first paved, and afterwards kept in Repair, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by and at the Expence of the Parishioners of the said respective Parishes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of the Charges and Expences of first paving, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the respective Pavements, within the Limits of the said recited Act, or this Act, shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered, by such and the same Ways and Means, and by virtue, and under such and the like Powers and Authorities, as are granted, provided, and appointed, by the said recited Act and this Act, for recovering the Charges and Expences of first paving, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the respective Pavements in the several and respective Parishes of Chatham, Saint Margaret, and Gillingham aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such only of the old Pavement and Materials as have been, or are now used in the Pavements of the several Streets and Lanes, within the Limits deferred in the said recited Act, or in this Act, shall be hereafter used in the paving, repairing, maintaining, or amending, of the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, any Thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the said recited Act, and of this Act/ be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, one Rate or AssessT-ment shall once in every Year be made, laid, and assessed, by the said Commissioners, or by any seven or more of them, upon all and every Person and Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, poffess, and enjoy, any House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Building, or other Tenement or Hereditament, within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Margaret which lies on the South Side of the said High-street of Chatham, commencing at, and extending from, the aforesaid Boundary Stone next the said Chapel-steps in Chatham aforesaid, unto the said Public-house or Inn, late called The Flying-horse, but now The Horse and Groom, and within the several Lanes, Yards, and Places, near and adjoining thereunto, as also within that Part of the said Parish of Gillingham, and the several Lanes and Passages adjoining and leading into

Parishioners of Saint Margaret and Gillingham to pay for the Pavements on certain Places.

Penalty for Default of Payment.

Streets and Lanee first pared by Commissionert, to be afterwards kept io Repair by Owners of Houses.

[Proviso.]

How Arrears of Expeoces of first paving, and keeping in Repair, shall be recovered.

What Part of the old Materials may be made nfe of.

Commissioners impowered to maks Rates.

6l2

Rates to be consolidated, and veiled in Commissioneri. Commissioners imfowered 10 inspect Poor-rates, appoint Col.edlorf, &c.

CettiSn Inhabitants not exempted from Highway-duty, ft c.

A Clause in the former Act repealed.

Inhabitants of certain Street! to pay 6 d. in the Pound.

Untenacted Houses, how to be rated.

Charges of numbering H'.'ul'ea to be paid by the Tenant.

Orders entered

may be varied, provided a greater Number of Commissioners than made the Order are con-ienting thereto.

Clauses and ProviGoj.s of former Act to extend to this Act.

Expences of this Act how to be paid.

The Af>s not to

ft'eft the Jurisdiction of the City of Roche-fler.

C. 58. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

the Highstreet of the said Town of Chatham, in such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall judge necessary; so as such Rate or Assessment, with respect only to the several Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham aforesaid, shall not exceed in the Whole Sixpence in the Pound, in any one Year, of the yearly Rent or Value of such House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Buildings, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, according to the Rack-rent, or full yearly Value thereof: And the said Rate or Assessment shall be, and the same is hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be by them applied for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and of this Act, and shall be consolidated and made one joint and general Fund with the Rates appointed to be made by the said former Act, and the said Rate or Assessment shall be made in the Month of July in every Year and the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby inverted with the same Powers, of inspecting and making Extracts from the Poor-rates, of appointing one or more Collector or Collectors, within the respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham aforesaid, of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act, or this Act, and to levy and recover the Money so rated or assessed on the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham before described, and intended to be included under the said former and this present Act, and also the Penalty incurred by any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to execute the Office of Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments, as fully and effectually, as if the said respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, within the Limits aforesaid, had been comprised in the said former Act.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, toexcufeany Person or Persons, within the respective Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham aforesaid, from the Statute or Highway Duty or Labour, or Contribution or Composition-money in lieu thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the said former Act as impowers the Commissioners to make a Rate or Assessment, not exceeding Four-pence in the Pound, upon the Inhabitants of King-street, Queen street, Crofsfircet, and other Places, in the said recited Act particularly described, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed: And that, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Inhabitants of Kingstreet, Queen street, Cro/s-flied^ and other Places, in the said recited Act mentioned, shall and may (subject nevertheless to the optional Clause in the said recited Act contained) be yearly rated and assessed by the Commissioners appointed to put the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, for the Purpose of lighting and cleansing such particular Streets as aforesaid, in any Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole, in any one Year, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the full Value or yearly Rent of their respective Houses and Buildings, in courtderation of the Statute or Highway Duty to be performed by them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any of the Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, or other Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, within the Limits described and mentioned in and by this and the said recited Act, shall, at the Time of making the said Rate or Assessment, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, that then, and in every such Case, any Person or Persons coming into such empty or unoccupied House or Building as aforesaid, shall and may be rated and assessed by the said Commissioners, in proportion to the Time such Person or Persons shall so occupy the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of marking or numbering the several Houses or Buildings, in any of the High-fired, Streets and Lanes, public Ways and Passages, within the Limits mentioned and described in and by this or the said recited Act, shall at all Times, upon Demand, be paid by the Tenant or Occupier of such House or Building, to the Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners to mark or number such respective House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, under and subject to a Penalty of two Shillings for every Neglect or Refusal.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders which have been or shall be made by the said Commissioners, and are or shall be entered in their Books, by virtue and under the Authority of the said recited Act, or this Act, may be altered, amended, reversed, annulled, or made void, at any subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners; such Commissioners being more in Number than the Commissioners who made the Order so intended to be altered or amended, reversed, annulled, or made void, and provided that seven Days Notice at lead be given to all the Commissioners, and entered in the Book of Proceedings of the Commissioners for the Time being, at some Meeting assembled, of the Day, Time, and Place, appointed forsaking into Courtderation the Orders so intended to be altered or amended, reversed, annulled, or made void.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the fail recited Act, as to all and every Clause, Previflon, Matter, and Thing, therein contained (except where the same shall be altered by this Act) shall be extended and extend to this Act, and to the Rates and Assessments hereby authorised and directed to be made, laid, and assessed, and be deemed Part thereof, and dial operate, be in Force, and be observed, inforced, and performed, in respect to this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repented and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and parting this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of the said former Act, or this present Act.

VI. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the said recited Act contained shall in any Manner lessen or affect the Jurisdiction or Rights of the Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Rochester, but the same shall be and, remain in full Force, as if this Act, and the said recited Act, had not been made; and that all Matters and Things, arising within the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Rochester, determinable before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall be referred to, and determined by, the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City of Rochester; and all Appeals from the Acts, Orders, or Directions, of the said Commissioners in this Act, or in the said recited Act,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59,60. 61$

Act, arising in the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Rochester, shall be to the General or Quarter Sessions of the said City of Rochester, and shall be finally determined at such General or Quarter Sessions; any Thing in this Act, or in the said recited Act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Public t Cl Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Portsm^nth^ in the County of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets and other public PafT.ges in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances* and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

CAP. LX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane, called Hog-lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton-Falgate, in the said County.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein. Power was given to the Commissioners therein named, or their Successors, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, to cause, order, and direct the Streets, called Holywell-fir eety Church-end, and Part of Kingsiand-road, and a Lane, called Hog-lancy and another Lane, called Holywell-lane, in the said Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to be paved, repaired, raised, sunk, or altered, when and in such Manner as they should think fit: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said Act, have caused the greatest Part of the said Streets and Places to be paved, but find that the Money authorised to be borrowed by the said Act is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereby intended And whereas a small Part of the said Lane, called Hog-lane, being within the Liberty of Norton-Frigate, in the said County of Middlesex, and not within the said Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, Doubts have arisen whether the said Act impowers the said Commissioners to pave such Part of the said Lane as lies within the said Liberty of Norton- Falgate, for which Reason the said Lane has not yet been paved: And the said Act has, in several other Respects, been found ineffectual :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said former Act, or any nine or more of them, to borrow and raise, by the granting of one or more Annuity or Annuities, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand rounds, over and above the Sums authorised to be borrowed by the said former Act, which they the said Commissioners shall think necessary for the Purposes of the said former Act, and this Act.

II. Provided always, That none of the said Annuities shall exceed the Rate of nine Pounds per Annum for every hundred Pounds; and that the Whole of the Annuities to be granted in pursuance of the said former Act; or this Act, shall not at any one Time exceed the Sum of one thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, or into the Hands of any Person by them appointed to receive the same, for the Purposes in the said former Act and this Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money (not exceeding the said Sum of four thousand Pounds) for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the Term of the natural Life of such Contributor or Purchaser respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by, or on the Behalf of, such Contributor or Purchaser respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money: And every such Contributor or Purchaser shall have the same Security, Powers, and Authorities, for the Annuity or Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, as are given or granted to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Annuity or Annuities by the said former Act.

lV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised as aforesaid shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said former Act and this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, Thit the Whole of the said Lane, called Hog-lane, shall, and the same }s hereby declared to be under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said former Act, for the Purposes in the said former Act and this Act mentioned: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to cause. order, and direct the Whole of the said Lane, as well that Part thereof which lies within the said Liberty of Norton-Falgate, as that Part which lies within the said Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore-ditch, to be paved, repaired, raised, sunk, or altered, when and in such Manner as they shall think fir;

1 and

[Preamble.]

Act 8 Geo. III. c. 33.. recited.

Commissionert impowered to borrow the fur--ther Sum of 4030 1.

[Proviso.]

Annuitiei maybe purchased of' Commi Hi one n.

Potchafe-mo--ries vet'rd in the Commissioners. The WhcJe of Hog-)jue p*t under the Power of the Lumnui-fionus.

614

Penalty on ob-

Itructing Passagei.

Commi/Toneri way impound Obfiruttiom.

Penalty on exposing Gords to Sale in the Stree;?,

and on driving Carriage* on the Foot-way.

Penalty for Second and subsequent Offences.

Commissioner* may regulate Standi of Hackney ‘Coaches.

Conviction s to be drawn according to 'he Form in the Schedule.

Persons contri-butary to the Rates may give Evidence or aft as Justicei.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered.

C. 60. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

and the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby invested with the same Powers and Authorities for assessing, collecting, and levying Money for those Purposes, as if the Whole of the said Lane had been comprised in the said former Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, set, fix, place, or lay, or cause or procure to be set, fixed, placed, or laid, any Casks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, Wood, Scaffolding, or any other Material or Thing whatsoever, (unless the same shall be inclosed within forpe Board, to be erected in Manner and under such Regulations as are prescribed by the said former Act) and shall not remove the same within the Space of two Hours next after Notice in Writing given by any of the Commissioners, or by any Person duly authorised by them, every Person so offending mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; and any one of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by them for that Purpose, may seize, or cause to be seized, such Ca(k<?, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Mortar, Wood, Materials, or other Things, and take or remove, or cause the same to be taken and removed, to the Pound, or other proper Place, within the said Parish, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall and do pay, to the Person in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Sum of five Shillings, together with the Costs and Charges of removing and keeping the Materials or Things so removed: And in case the said Penalty and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of five Days next after such Seizure, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorised by them as aforesaid, to cause the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes in the said former Act and this Act mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, give Leave or Licence to any Person or Persons to set or expose to Sale any Goods, Fish, Fruit, or other Thing, upon the Pavements of any of the Streets or Places in the said former Act or this Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, adjoining or near to his, her, or their Dwelling-house or Building; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, or draw, or cause to be run, driven, or draws, upon any Part of the Foot-pavements within the Limits of the said former Act, or this Act, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge or Wheelbarrow, or any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Ass, or other Cattle, or Beast; upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; or shall throw or cast any Dirt, Dung, Ashes, or Rubbish, into or upon any of the Carriage or Foot* Ways; or shall stand with any Wheelbarrow, or erect, fix, or bring any Stall in or upon the Pavements aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize and convey the Person or Persons so offending before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, who shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of such Offence* either upon such Information as aforesaid, or upon his, her, or their own Confession, he, she, or they so convicted respectively, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Conviction, immediately pay such Penalty, the said Justice is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, according to the Form or Effect mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction, or other Gaol for the said County, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days, unless such Penalty, and the reasonable Charges occasioned thereby, shall be sooner. paid and satisfied.

1X7 And be it further enacted, That if any Nuisance, Obstruction, or Annoyance, mentioned in the said former Act or this present Act, shall, after the same hath been removed, be replaced; the Person or Persons so replacing, or causing the same to be replaced, being thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings, and the Tike Sum of ten Shillings for every subsequent Offence.

4 X. And whereas Hackney Coachmen frequently take their Stands with Coaches in such Places as to ‘ occasion considerable Obstructions both in the Carriage and Foot Ways / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may direct and regulate such Stands as they shall in their Discretion think proper within the Places mentioned in the said former Act, and this present Act: And if any Hackney Coachman shall not comply with such Regulation, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Offence.

4 XL And for the more easy and speedy Conviction or Offenders against the said former Act, and this Act/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against the said former Act, or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the same Effect.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons whatsoever, although he, she, or they be contributary to the Rates mentioned in the said former or this present Act, shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or concerning the said former Act, or this present Act, or the Matters or Things therein or herein contained, be and be deemed a competent Witness; and that any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, may aft in the Execution of the said former and this present Act, notwithstanding he shall pay, or be contributary to the Rates aforesaid; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said former Act or this present Act imposed, shall or may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace for the

C.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

the County of Middlesex, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned (which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant) j and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Se.\l, according to the Form or Effect in the said Schedule mentioned, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common or other Gaol, or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Distress shall be made by the Authority of the said former Act, or this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress, to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping such Distress and of the bale thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges of patting this Act, and other Charges incident thereto, shall be defrayed out of any Monies remaining in or coming to the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or out of the first Money that shall be raised or received by virtue of, or under the said former Act, or this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whotnfoeker, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the lame being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE referred to, containing the Form of Proceedings.

Form of Conviction.

Middlesex, 7 c T3E it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of the Reign

to wir. 3 £> of King George the Third is convicted before me # one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, of the Offence) contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Year of the Reign of lung George the Third,

for, &c. (specifying the Title of the Act.)

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written.9

WARRANT of DISTRESS.

To all Con/lables and Headboroughs for the County of Middlesex.

Middle*, WHEREAS hath been duly convicted before me

t# wit. 3« Y y onc of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, in the Sum of for (specifying the Offence) contrary to the Statute made in the

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for (specifying the Title of the Act) which

4 Sum of he now refuses to pay [or, as the Case may be, he hath neglected to pay, as appears to me upon Oath]. These are therefore, in his Majesty's Name, to will and require you, or either of you, forthwith to levy the said Sum of by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said (such Goods and Chattels being kept by the Space of five

4 Days before the same are fold) rendering to him the Overplus (if any be) the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Keeping, being first deduftetf: And if no sufficient Distress can be had, or taken, that then you certify the same to me, to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein, as to Law doth appertain.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

WARRANT for Want of Distress of Goods, or where the Party refuses or

neglects to pay the Penalty.

4 To all Con/lables and Headboroughs for the County of Middlesex.

Middlesex, ?« WHEREAS hath been duly convicted before me

t* wit. 3« one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace For the Lid County of Middlesex, in the Sum of for {.Jp'fifying the Offeme] contrary to the Statute made in the

4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for [ speciffing the Title of the Ad] which Sum of the said now in my Presence, refutes to pay [or, as the Case may be, hath

neglected to pay, as appears to me on the Oath of ] (If after a Distress Warrant issued

and returned, then add) And no sufficient Distress can be found whereon to levy the said Sum, as appears to me on the Oath of,) These are therefore, in his Majesty's Name, to will and require you,

and every of you, 10 apprehend the said and him safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of New-

gate, or the Keeper of [as the Justice shall think properJ or his Deputy, together with this Warrant:

4 And I do hereby require you the said Keeper, and Deputy Keeper, to receive the said into your said Gaol, and safely keep without Bail or Mainprize, for

unless the said Sum of and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

615

Charge# af Hiring, See, Ditref# to be levied.

Fxptnee# of paffifff ttkW Alt how 10 belaid.

[Public Act.]

6i6

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

C. 6r.

' Preattbfer

A A 8 Ells, recited.

Trustees appointed.

Trustees to be sworn as to their Qualifications.

The Oath.

Penalty on Persons acting not being duly qualified.

First General

Meeting of TruAces.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for ereccting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and Landmarks in or near the Port of Chester^ and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester; and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively.

WHEREAS a.considerable Trade is carried on from the Port of Chester to foreign Parts, and coastways; and a Number of Vessels, as well as his Majesty's Yacht, are frequently employed in conveying Passengers between Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the Navigation of the said Port from the City of Chester to the Sea hath been much improved at a great Expence; notwithstanding which, in dark and tempestuous Nights, the same is (till very difficult, precarious, and uncertain, and the Lives and Properties of many of his Majesty's Subjects have been loft: And whereas, if proper Lighthouses and Landmarks were erected at convenient Places within or near the said Port, and Buoys placed upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port, and other Improvements made therein, the Navigation of the said Port would be rendered more safe, commodious, and certain, for all trading Ships and Vessels, and also for his Majesty's Ships of War: And whereas, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Queen Elizabeth, (intituled, An Act concerning Sea-marks, and Mariners) the MLfter,; Wardens, and Afliliants, of the Trinity-house of Deptford Strand, in the County of Kent, are impowered to erect and set up such and so many Beacons, Marks and Signs, for the Sea, in such Places of the Sea-shore Uplands near the Sea-coasts, or Fore- lands of the Sea, only for Sea-marks, as to them shall seem meet; and by Letters Patent under the 4,"Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the eleventh Day of June, in the thirty-sixth Year of the *' Reign of the said late Queen, the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage, and the sole Right and Power of making, setting up, placing, continuing, renewing, and maintaining, of all Beacons, Buoys, Marks,'

and Signs, for the Sea, and all Fees, Profirs, Advantages, Emoluments, Rights, and Appurtenances,' due, payable, appertaining, or belonging thereto, or for or in respect thereof, are vested in them; and the said Corporation have conferited that the Lighthouses, Buoys, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, herein after authorised to be erected and placed, shall and may be erected, placed, and maintained, according to the Directions of this Act;' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the City of Chester, for the Time being, the Commander of his Majesty's Yacht for the Time b ing, the Pilot of hisr Majesty's Yacht for the Time being, the Collector and Surveyor of the Port of Chjler for the Time being, and also every other Person for the Time being resident in the City of Chester, or in the County, of Chester ox Flint, who shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be seised of a real Estate of, the annual Value of one hundred Pounds, or possessed of a personal Efhite to the Amount or Value o& tw,o thousand Pounds, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Trustees for putting in^xecu- tion all and every the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, given and granted in and by this Act; and that no Person or Persons, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Exc- cution of this Act.

II. Provided, That no Person or Persons (except the said Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of Chester for the Time being, the Commander of his Majesty's Yacht for the Time being, the Pilot of his Majesty's Yacht for the Time being, or the Collector or Surveyor of the Port of Chester for the Time being) shall act as a Trustee or Trustees under this Act in any Case (except in administering the Oath to any other of the said Trustees) until he or they shall have first taken and subscribed the following Oath, before any three or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the same to any other of the said Trustees; to wit,

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide am, in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, seised of a real Estate of the annual Value of one hundred rounds, or possessed of a personal Estate to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds. So help me GOD.'

And if any Person hereby deemed unqualified or incapable to act, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall, for every such OlFence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eftbin, Protection; or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such Person acting as a Trustee, so sued or prosecuted in respect of his Qualification,- shall prove, upon the Trial of the Suit or Cause, that he is duly qualified as herein before is directed, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, without any other Proof or Evi-> dence on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first General Meeting of the Trustees for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the Town-hall in the City of Chester* within two Months next after the passing of this Act; and that a Notice, signed by three of the said Trustees, signifying the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61.

Day and Hour of such Meeting shall be inserted in the Chester Newspaper at least ten Days before such Meeting; and that four General Meetings shall be held every Year for the future upon the Days following; (that is to say) Upon the first Tuesday in January, the firth Tuesday in flprily the first Tuesday in July, and the first Tuesday in October, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, at such Place within the said City of Chester (and not elsewhere), as the said Trustees, or any five of them, at each preceding Meeting shall appoint; and the said Trustees shall have power to adjourn such Quarterly Meetings from Time to Time, and to such other Time and Place as Occasion shall require; and that any five of the said Trustees, attending at any of those Adjournments, shall be considered as a Committee, and are hereby impowered to act and transact Business in all Cases for any of the Purposes in this Act mentioned, except such particular Business, Matters and Things, as are herein after mentioned and described to be transacted at the General Quarterly Meetings: And if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not be present a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall so happen, by giving ten Days previous Notice in Writing, to be inserted in the Chester Newspapers, or fixed upon the most public Place of the Custom-house and Exchange in Chester, appoint another Meeting to be held at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held 5 and that such Meeting so appointed shall be considered as an Adjournment; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and that no Order or Determination shall be made, unless the Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein, such Majority not seeing less than the Number of Trustees by this Act authorised to make any such Order or Determination; and that every Meeting of the Trustees by virtue of this Act shall be public; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act (except in administring the Oath to any other of the said Trustees) until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following before any three or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the same to any other of the said Trustees; to wit,

I A.B. do swear. That I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, < A execute and perform the Powers and Authorities vested in me by virtue of an Act made in the fix-

teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for erecting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and Land- marks in or near the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port\ and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of

Chester; and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively*

'V. Provided always, That such of the said Trustees who are or shall be itv the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Chester, or for the County of Flint% and also the Mayor and Justices of the Peace for the said City of Chester and County of the same City, shall and may, and they are hereby respectively impowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act within their respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being Trustees (except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested); but no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them in that Behalf authorised, to contract and agree with the Owner or Proprietor of such Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground as shall be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, for the absolute Purchase of their Estates and Interests therein, and also to accept and take one or more good Conveyance or Conveyances and Assurances in Law thereof in Fee-simple, at such Price and Consideration as shall be agreed upon between the contracting Parties: And in case the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands or Grounds, or any of them, shall refuse to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons so to be by them appointed for that Purpose, or through any Disability, Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, shall not be qualified or enabled to contract or agree, or to execute or perform such Contract or Agreement, or to carry the same into Execution, that then, and in every such Case, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to issue out their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Flinty or to the Sheriff of the County Palatine of Chester, or to the Sheriffs of the City of Chester, in which the Lands so wanted may happen to be situate; and in case such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their Under-sheriff or Under-sheriffs respectively, shall fye interested in the Matter in question, then to the Coroner or Coroners within the said respective Counties of Chester and Flinty or the City of Chester, not interested as aforesaid, requiring such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Coroner or Coroners respectively, as the Case may require, to summon and return a Jury; and such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Coroner or Coroners, is and are hereby severally authorised and impowered to summon a Jury, out of their respective Counties or City, each Jury confiding of twelve able and sufficient Men (qualified by Law to be returned and to serve on Juries for Trials of Issues to be joined in his Majesty's Court of Great Session for the County of Flinty or in the Court of Session for the County Palatine of Chester, or in the Court of the Mayor or of the Sheriffs for the City of Chester) to appear before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place as by such Warrant shall be appointed, such Place to be in the Township in the County, or in the Ward within the said City (as the Case shall require) which shall be next adjacent to the Land wanted; and for Want of a proper Number of Jurymen appearing, such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their Deputy, or Coroner or Coroners, shall

617

Central Meetings to be hold qoauerJyr

Five Tntflret imf ovicied to act.

How to proceed if a sufficient Number of Trustee* do not attend.

Trustee* not tin aft till they have taken the folio wing

Oath*

Trustee* may act as Justices)

but not to ho'd any Place of Profit.

Trustees im* powered to purchase Lands for Lighthouses, dec*

If Parties can* not agree, dec*.

a Jury to be summooed*

6i8

Jurymen m»y be challenged. Tiurtees impacted to enter upon and fui-

v«y Lands! See,

Trustees to give

€01 for urns as Jury shall award.

Venlidt of Jury, &c. to be binding on ail Parties

Sheriffs or Coroners, for Ne-Iof Duty, to forfeit, for each Offence, 501. and Jurymen or WitnesscSj 5l.

Persons givirrg false Evidence to bepumshed.

Determinations of Troffees 10 be entered in a Book, and deemed good ividcKCC.

Upon Payment or Tender of the Sum alieffed, Lands to be verted in Trustees*

C. 61. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend the Service, being of the County or City wherein the Lands in question shall be situate, and qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them^ are hereby authorised and impowered to enter upon any Lands or Grounds that may be so wanted, to survey, mark, and set out the same, and to order the said Jury to view such Place or Places in question a* shall be thought requisite, and to administer the Oaths to them and to such Person and Persons as shalls be called upon to give Evidence before them; and the said Jury so impannelled and sworn shall enquire into the Value of the Lands and Premisses in question, and award and assess such Damages and Recompence as they shall think fit to the Owner or Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds so to be taken-, used, applied, or appropriated, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of their respective Estates and Interests therein i and the said Trustees, or such five or more of them as aforesaid, shall give Judgment for such Sum or Sums so to be assessed or awarded by such Jury, and I hall by Examination upon. Oatn as aforesaid, and by all other lawful Ways and Means, hear and finally determine all Manner of Dif-tes and Controversies which shall happen or arise between any Person or Persons whomsoever, touching any* Matter or Thing relative to the said Premises, or any Part thereof; which said Verdict, and the Judgment* Decree, or Determination thereupon, declared or pronounced by the said Trustees, or such five or more of them as aforesaid, and the Value and Recompence so to be assessed, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Infants, Femes-coverr, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, as also on all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, and against his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, and all others claiming any Title or Interest in the said Ground and Premises; so at Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of such Meeting of the Jury and Juries be given by any five or more of the said Trustees, or by any other Person under their Direction or Authority, at least fourteen Days before every such Meeting, to every Person interested in the Premises, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-house of such Party interested, or at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode* or with some Tenant or Occupier of such Ground, Lands, and Premisses, in case such Owner thereof cannot conveniently be found to be served with such Notice.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Deputies, or Coroner or Coroners, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recorered in like Manner as the said Penalty on Persons acting as Trustees not qualified is herein before directed to be recovered: And if any Person or Persons, summoned to give Evidence by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be appointed in a Precept or Summons signed by any two or more of the said Trustees, or by Warrant or Warrants signed by one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or appearing, shall refuse t<s be sworn by, or give Evidence before, the said Trustees, or such five or more of them as aforesaid, or any one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace; or if any Person summoned as a Juryman, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or after his Appearance shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending in any of the-cases aforesaid (having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination directed to be taken by virtue of this A<5>, shall give false Evidence before the Mayor of the said City or his Deputy, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Jury to be impannelled and returned as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and upon Convictior? shall be fuhjed and liable to such and the like Punishments as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by Law subject and liable to.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sentences, Decrees, Judgments, and Determinations, so to be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, under the Hands and Seals of such of the said Trustees as shall so make the same; and the same, or true Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity; and all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the same, paying for every Inspection the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, and may also take Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for such Copies after the Rate of Sixpence for every two hundred Words: And that upon Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed on or assessed to the Parties concerned, or Tender thereof made at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, or if he, she, or they, have no such Dwelling-house, then at the House of some Tenant or Occupier of some Part of the Ground and Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be payable; or if, upon such Tender as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, then, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, for the Use of the Parties interested as aforesaid, such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and the Fee-simple and Inheritance thereof respectively, shall from thenceforth be vested in and become the absolute Property of the said Trustees, to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, immediately to enter upon the said Lands, Grounds, and Premises, and to erect, build, and place, such Light-house or Lighthouses, Buildings, Landmarks, and other necessary Works as are herein after mentioned, and shall be thought needful for carrying into Execution and completing the Purposes of this Act, as they the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall judge expedient and requisite for rendering the Navigation into, in* and out of the said Port of Chester, less dangerous, and more certain* iafe, and commodious; and also to make, or cause to be made, necessary Roads to such

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61. .619

Lighthouse or Lighthouses, Buildings, Landmarks, and other Works, paying aH reasonable Damages for cutting such Roads, to be ascertained in Manner aforesaid; and that this Act shall be sufficient and effec- Truflcw, tual to indemnify as well the said Trustees, and their Executors and Administrators, as also their Agents, indemnified. Workmen, and Nominees, and all Persons employed and authorised as aforesaid, against the Owners and Occupiers of such Land, Ground, and Premises, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and all Persons claiming under them, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases when a Verdict shall be Ei pences of Jury

given or made for more Monies as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any Lands or Grounds, or for any whomto

Dam ge to be done to any Lands or Grounds or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, than (Hall rne*

have been previously offered by and on Behalf of the said Trustees, or if no such Recompence or Satisfaction Hi all have been offered or tendered in respect of Damages by and on Behalf of the said Trustees> then all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled by any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of the City of Chester, or for the Borough of Liverpool, or for either of the Counties of Chester and Flint (such Justices not being Trustees under this Act) and shall be defrayed by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, then and in such Case the Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled as aforesaid, and shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons wkh whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Power to en€t the said Trustees, or any fire or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to erect, or Lighthouse, cause to be erected, one or more Lighthouse or Lighthouses, with necessary Buildings to the same, upon a on the Point certain Piece of Land or Ground called The Point of Air, or in or near the Township of Prjlatyny aea^ Preftaty^ both lying in the County of Flint, so as the same be distinguishable Lights from those already erected "* c by the Mayor and Corporation of Liverpool, and to survey, mark, and set out, proper Roads and Ways to

the fame.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, when and as soon as such Lighthouse A Fire, &c. to or Lighthouses shall be erected as aforesaid, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall fr6na he kept in the Time to Time keep and maintain the same, and all the Buildings and Premises thereunto belonging, in Lighthouse how good and sufficient Repair; and shall keep and maintain one constant bright and sufficient Fire or other ^fettoSua-Light in or upon such Lighthouse or L;ghthouses every Night from the Time of Sun-setting in the Evening to the Time of Sun-rising every succeeding Morning.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Time that such Duties to be Lighthouse or Lighthouses shall be io erected, and proper Light or Lights put or placed in or upon the P«id toiht fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or such Per- Trustees. son or Pei suns as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint in that Behalf, to demand, collect, receive, and t*ke, of and from all and every the Matters, Owners, and other Persons, taking charge of

every Ship or other Vdl'd, liable to the Payment of the Duties herein after granted, once in every Voyage* the faveral Rates, Tonnage, or Duties, herein after mentioned that is to say*

For every such Ship or Vessel navigating, failing, or parting, over Chester~lar, or Between the South-west Part of Hoyle Sands, and the main Land on the Coast of Wales, to or from the Port of Chester or Liverpool and Saint David*s Head or Carlisle, or navigating, failing, or parting, over Chester-bar, or between the South-west Part of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales, to or from any other Port or Place between Chester or Liverpool and Saint Davids Head or Carlisle, the Sum of One Halfpenny per Ton:—-And for every Ship or Vessel navigating, failing, or parting, over Chester~bar, or between the South-west Part of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales, to or from the said Poits of Chester or Liverpool, and any other Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or adjacent Islands not herein before named, the Sum of One Penny Ton :—And for every such Ship or other Vessel navigating, failing, or parting, over Chester-bar, or between the South-west Part of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of IFales, to or from the said Ports of Chester or Liverpool, and any other Port or Place not being within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or the adjacent Islands, the Sum of Two-pence per Ton; according as such Ship or Vessel shall measure, by taking the Length of the Keel of every Ship Ruie f0r meter Vessel so much asjhe treads on the Ground; and the Breadth to be taken within-board by the Midship- Turing VdTcU* beam from Plank to Plank, and Half the Breadth shall be accounted for the Depth of every such Ship or Vessel; then the Length being multiplied by the Breadth, and the Product thereof by the Depth, and the Whole being divided by ninety-four, the Quotient shall give the true Contents of the Tonnage $ according to which Method and Rule all Ships and Vessels shall be measured, and the said several Rates, Tonnage, or Duties, be thereby computed and collected accordingly; any Custom, Pr aft ice, or Usage* to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Duties, so to be levied by this Act, shall be paid respectively at the Custom-house in the City of Chester, or at the Custom-house at Parkgate in the County of Chester, or at the Custom-house of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, or at such other Place or Places within the said Port of Chester, as the Trustees, or any five or more of them assembled as aforesaid, shall appoint, according as such Ship or Vessel shall arrive at, or fail from, or lade or discharge her Goods wholly or in part at, any of those Places, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall nominate and appoint as their Receiver for collecting of the said Duties: And that if any Master or other Person taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to pay the said Duties, shall refuse or neglect so pay the same, alledging or pretending he did not, at the Time for which the said Duties

Where the Duties are to be paid.

How to proceed when Masters of Vessels refuse to pay the Du(i*»

620

Trustir* im-

powered to lefien the Duties, with Consent of Mortgagees, Sec,

Exemptions from the Dutiei,

Trustees may appoint Officer!,

and allow them Salaries.

Trustees may borrow 30001.

and assign the Duties as a Security.

Form of Assign-naenu

C. 61.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

tics were then demanded, fall or pass over Che/ler-bar9 or between the South-west Part of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for any Collector or Receiver of the said Duties to examine upon Oath (or Affirmation, as the Case may happen) such Matter, or other Person talcing Charge of such Vessel, to the Truth thereof; and if such Matter or other Person shall refuse to answer upon Oath or Affirmation, whether he did or did not, at the Time for which the said Duties were then demanded, fail or pass over Chester-bar, or between the Southwest Part of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales \ then every such Master or other Person shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the said Duties; the same to be recovered in such Manner as herein after directed.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any Time or Times, upon examining and inspecting the Accounts to be kept of or concerning the Lighthouses and Landmarks and other Works to be made, erected, and maintained, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, to lessen, lower, diminiO), or reduce, the Duties granted and made payable as aforesaid, or any of them, so as the same be done without Prejudice to, and with the Consent of, the Mortgagee or Mortgagees thereof; and also to advance and raise again the said Duties, or any of them, so to be lessened or reduced, in such Manner as to them from Time to Time shall seem meet, requisite, and expedient, so as such Duties, when so raised again and advanced, do not exceed the Duties herein before granted and made payable, and directed to be collected and levied as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandine.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained mall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make chargeable any of the Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Ship, Vessel, or Wherry, employed in the Service of his Majesty's Revenue, nor to charge any open Boat or Sloop, under the Burden of forty Tons, laden only with Lime-stones, Pebble-stones for Pavements, Dung or Manure, nor to charge any Sloop or Boat used and employed only in the Service of piloting Vends, nor to chaise any Ship or Vessel belonging to or bound to or from the Port of Liverpool, unless such Ship or Vessel shall pass or fail over Chester-bar9 or between the South-west Part of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales, in which Case they are to be chargeable with and pay the said Duties herein before granted.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, or at any Special Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, to choose and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a Treasurer and Clerk, and also one or more Collector or Collectors for receiving and levying the Duties mentioned in this Act, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall judge necessary to be employed under them for carrying this Act into Execution; and also to settle the Fees and Salaries of such Treasurers, Clerics, Collectors, or other Officers, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at such their Meetings as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and reasonable, and from Time to Time to remove and displace such Treasurers, Collectors, or other Officers, and appoint others in their Places; and no such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, shall be appointed or removed, but at some General Quarterly Meeting, or at some Special Meeting, as aforesaid, and unless thirteen of the said Trustees shall be present; and unless a Notice, finned by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, or his Name put at the Foot thereof, signifying the lime, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, be given in the Chester Newspaper at least fourteen Days previous to such Meeting; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow or take up, at legal or less Interest, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, not exceeding three thousand Pounds, as well on the Credit of the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses to be ereCled as aforesaid, as of the said Duties so made payable as aforesaid; and by Writing or Writings under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees so assembled, or any nine or more of them, to be duly executed, to grant, bargain, fell, mortgage, assign, and set over, the several Duties arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, unro such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, as shall advance and lend Money thereupon, as a Security for the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money to be so borrowed, with Interest as aforesaid; and that such Alignment or Mortgage shall be in the following Words, or any other Words to the same Purport or Effect 3 videlicet,

virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for erecting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and Landmarks in or near the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester; and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively); we, whole Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being nine or more of the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to us in Hand paid by A.B. of do assign

unto the said A.B. his (or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and Angular the Duties arising by virtue of the said Act; and also the Lands, Buildings, and Premises, situate, lying, and being, upon the Point of Air% or in or near the Township of Pre/lntyn in the County of Flinty vested by the said Act in »he laid Trustees therein named; and all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of the Trustees in the /id mentioned, of, in, and to the same Premises; to hold the same unto the said A.B. his

(or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of

together with

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61.

t

with the Interest for the same, after the Rate of per Centum per Jnnumy shall be fully

Day of in the Year of our

621

paid and satisfied.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the c-Lord

Witness, C.D:

And that the Money so to be borrowed shall be issued, paid, and applied, for the Uses and Purposes of AntWcnof this Act, in such Manner as is herein after directed; and that no Preference shall be given to any Person lni *'T,ney* or Persons advancing any Part or Parts of the Money so to be borrowed, in refnest of the Priority of ad- bouo*cd* vancing his, her, or their Part or Parts thereof, but that all such Lenders and Persons to whom such Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Creditors on the said Rates or Duties, and on the said Lands, Buildings, and Premises, so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in an equal Degree one with another; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Entries or Memorials of every such Grant or Grants, Alignment or Assignments, so to be granted and made as aforesaid, containing, the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money borrowed, shall be made or entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; which said Book or Books shall and may be perufedatall seasonable Times by any of the said Trustees, or other Persons interested in the Premises, without Fee or Reward: And that all and every Person and Person9, to whom any such Grant or Grants,

Alignment or Assignments, shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby granted or secured, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, interestor Benefit, to the said Prin ipal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsing on the Back of such Grant or Security, before one credible Witness,- the following Words, or Words to the like Purport or Effect; videlicet,

Alignments to be entered in a Book.

Assignments may be traaffer red.

TDo transfer this Grant or Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money thereby A secured, and to all the Fntereit now due or hereafter to become due, unto C.D. of his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord Witness, £. F.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall keep or cause to be kept and entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose, Minutes of their Proceedings; and also that fair, just, and true Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of all Sums of Money to be collected, received, issued, paid, and applied, for the Purpose of, or concerning the erecting, building, maintaining, and supporting, the Lighthouse or Lighthouses, and Landmarks, and also for the several other Things authorised to be done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered and kept separately and distinct]y in separate Books, and shall not be complicated or intermixed with any other Accounts whatsoever; which said Minute-book and Books of Account shall be kept by the Clerk, Treasurer, or some other Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, and shall be open, at all convenient Hours of Business, to the Inspection of all Persons interested therein.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act* the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings assembled, shall from Time to T5-j;ie appoint three Persons as Auditors, who shall annually inspect and adjust the Treasurer's Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of all the Monies collected, received, levied, and paid, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and upon such Account or Accounts being so audited and settled, the same shall from Time to Time be fairly entered and transcribed in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and subscribed by such Auditors; which said Book shall be kept by the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, or some other Person by them appointed to keep the same, for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein; and that a General State of such Account or Accounts shall be annually printed and published.

XXII. And, to the Intent that the said Rates or Duties may be the better collected and received/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector of his Majesty's Customs, Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Coastwaiter, and all other Officers of the Customs whatsoever, within the said Ports of Chester and Liverpool, their respective Deputies or Clerks, shall not, nor shall any of them, after the Commencement of this Act, receive or grant any Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or clear inwards or outwards any Ship, Sloop, or other Vessd, BritiJJr or foreign, liable and subject to the Payment of the said Duties, until the same Duties shall be fully paid or satisfied to the said Receiver or Receivers so to be appointed by the said Trustees to receive the same; and until such respective Matter, Owner, or other Person taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel subject and liable to the Payment thereof, shall produce and shew to such Officer respectively a Receipt under the Hand of such Receiver for the same: And in case any such Collector, Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Coastwaiter, or other Officer, or their Clerk, shall make Default in such his Duty aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in like Manner as the said Penalty on Persons acting as Trustees, without being qualified, is herein before directed to be recovered.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Owner, Matter, or other Person having or taking upon himsel/, or appearing to have or take, the Command or Charge of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, charged or chargeable with the said Duties, and payable at the City and Port of Chester, ftiail refuse lo pay the same, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for 2 the

Form of Tradf* fer.

'Minote-Vjoks and Books of Account to be kept diltintt.

Auditors appointed to settle the Treasurer'* Accounts.

Officers of the Customs not to grant Cockets, &c. till Payment of the Duties:

on Penalty of 20).

In case of Nonpayment of Duties at Chester, Trustees may disttain, &c.

622

In case of Nonpayment of Dunes at Liverpool, t \ e Mayor, &c. may fciie T.ickie, Furniture, 6c c.

A ppUcaUon of the Moaey to be to* rowed, &c.

Cfinlent of the Ccporation of T rinlty-house, 4:r. rrav ahfi or remove Light-houses.

Penalty en ne-ple^.in^ to keep +\re

Trnfleei may ert*f> Landmarks, &c.

Trupees nriy place Buoys.

C. 6r. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or for their Receiver, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by virtue of this Act, either with or without any Warrant from the Mayor of the City of Chester, or any other Justice of the Peace for the County of the same City, in preference to, and notwithstanding any Right of Hypothecation, Attachment, Ar-reftment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any Persons whomsoever, to Seize any of the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the Duties payable for such Ship or Vessel shall be paid and satisfied \ and in caseof any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Duties, for the Space of three Days next after such Seizure, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or their Receiver or Receivers of the said Duties, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, to cause the said Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, so seized and detained, to be sold, and out of the Money arising by such Sale to farisfy the Duties so due and unpaid, with the Charge of such seizing, detaining, and felling, as the same shall be ascertained and fixed by the said Trustees, or any five of them, rendering to the Matter, Owner, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel reflectively, the Overplus (if any there be) upon Demand.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner, Matter, or any other Person having or taking upon himl'elf, or appearing to have or take, the Command or Charge of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, which shall arrive at the Port of Liverpool, and be charged with the said Duties, shall refute to pay the same, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the Borough of Liverpool for the Time being, or his Deputy, or any one Justice of the Peace of the same Borough, upon Complaint made before him by the Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed to receive the said Duties at the said Port of Liverpool, to iflu out a Warrant to seize any Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the said Duties payable for such Ship or Vend fti.ti] be paid and satisfied; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Duties, for the Space of three Days next after such Seifure, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receivers of the Lid Duties for the Time being to cause the said Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, so seized, to be sold, and out of the Money arising by such Sale to satisfy the Duties so due and unpaid, with the Charge of such seizing, detaining, and felling, as the same shall be ascertained and fixed by the Mayor of the said Borough of Liverpool for the Time being, or his Deputy, or such one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, rendering to the Matter, Owner, or Agent, of such Ship or Vessel, the Overplus (if any there be) upon Demand.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by and out of the Monies that shall be so taken up by way of Loan or Mortgage as aforesaid, and by and out of the said Duties herein before granted, in the first Place, to pay, satisfy, and discharge, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of applying for, obtaining, and passing, this present Act of Parliament* and all the necessary Expences preparatory and relating thereto; and after Payment and Satisfaction thereof, then to pay all just and reasonable Charges of cresting, maintaining, and supporting, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses so to be erected as aforesaid, and the Fire or other Lights to be kept therein, together with all other Charges relating thereto that shall be proper and necessary for executing the Trusts of this Act, and the Interest of all such Sums of Money as shall be so borrowed and taken up by way of Mortgage, from the respective Times of advancing such Monies, until they shall be respectively repaid and reimbursed, with the Charges of collecting and recovering the Duties aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, at aqy of their General Quarterly Meetings (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Corporation of Trinity-boute, and of the Mayor of Liverpool for the Time being, and of the Trustees for the Docks, Lights, andf Harbour, of Liverpool, or any seven or more of them for the Time being, but not otherwise) to alter, remove, or take down, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, so to be erected on the Point of Air, and at or near Prejlatyn aforesaid, or either of them, and to erect and build the same again in any other Part or Place at or near the said Point of Air, or at or near Prejlatyn aforesaid, as the Shifting or Alteration of the Banks and Channels may require.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, appoint- ed or to be appointed by the said Trustees to attend any Lighthouse or Lighthouses that shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall neglect to keep and shew forth good and sufficient Fires and Lights during the Whole of the several Periods of Time by this Act limited and described for that Purpose, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered at any Time hereafter {when the Fund arising from the Duties herein before granted, or any voluntary Subversions shall enable them) to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, one or more Lnnomarks within the Tov/nships of ThurJListon and Caldy in the County of Chester, or in any other proper Place or Places within the said Port of Chester; and the same Trustees, or any five or more of thtm, are hereby impowered to survey, mark, set out, and take, such and so much Land or Ground as shall be necessary for the erecting and building such Landmarks, and also to set out proper Roads to the same, they the said Trustees making a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of the Land on which such Landmarks shall be so erected, and for such proper Roads as aforesaid i the same to be ascertained, settled, and adjusted, in Manner aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorised to lay and fix Buoys in proper Places upon Chester~bar%

and

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6r.-

and other Banks and Shoals leading into and in the Port of Chester, between the South-west Side of Hoyle Sands and the main Land on the Coast of Wales; and may from Time to Time remove, alter, displace, and replace, the same as they shall find necessary and proper for the Safety of Ships and Vessels.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, after the passing of this Act, shall maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly, demolish, alter, breakdown, destroy, or set on fire, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, or Landmarks, or any or either of them, or remove, fink, or destroy, any of the said Buoys, or otherwise injure any of the Works to be erected, made, placed, or set up, for the Purposes of this Act, or shall wilfully, maliciously, or wantonly, ex-tinguifti or put out any of the said Fires or Lights, that should and ought to be kept burning and shewn forth in the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, or either of them; every such Person or Persons so offending in anjr of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and that the Court or Courts, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indicted and tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or for a longer Time, according to the Heinousness of the Crime or Crimes which such Person or Persons shall be charged with and convicted of, at the Discretion of such Court.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right and Property of all and every the Lighthouse, or Lighthouses, Landmarks, and other Directions, to be built, constructed, set up, fixed, placed, or made, in pursuance of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees, appointed by or to* be elected in pursuance of this Act, for the Term herein after mentioned; and that they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring any Action or Actions, in the Name of any one of them, by the Name or Style of The Trustees for the Lighthouse or Lighthouses in the Port of Chester, or in the Name of their Receiver or Treasurer, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall Heal, take away, break down, move, displace, alter, fink, or spoil, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, or any of the Landmarks, Buoys, or other Directions, or shall do any Act whereby any Damage may accrue to the same, or any of them, or any Parts thereof respectively; and the Damage, when recovered, after deducting the Costs of Suit, shall be paid and applied to such and the same Uses as other pecuniary Penalties in this Act are directed to be paid and applied; and that the said Trustees may, in any Case whatsoever relative to this Act, sue and be sued by the Name or Style of The Trustees for the Lighthouse or Lighthouses in the Port of Chester; and that Service of any Writ or Process upon the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, in order to enforce an Appearance, shall be deemed good Service.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, out of the Duties herein before granted, pay to the said Corporation of Trinity-house the yearly Rent or Sum of five Pounds at the Trinity-house in London, by equal Quarterly Payments, for and during the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to be computed from the Time of exhibiting a Light in either of the said Lighthouses; and that, from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, the said Lighthouses vand Lights, and all the Duties herein before granted, and all the Powers, Means, Remedies, and Methods, hereby given for obtaining or compelling Payment thereof, shall vest in the said Corporation of Trinity-house, and shall be from thenceforth for ever held, exercised, and enjoyed, by them; and that the said Corporation of Trinity-house, and their Agents, shall have full Power and Authority of entering into and inspecting the State of the said Lighthouses and Lights; and that the same shall from Time to Time be amended and repaired according to every Notice to be for that Purpose given by the said Corporation of Trinity-house to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them; and that ih case the said Lighthouses shall not, during the said Term, be kept properly lighted during the Night-season, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation of Trinity-house to enter into the said Lighthouses, Lights, and Duties, and to evift the said Trustees therefrom, and to hold and enjoy the same for the Residue of the said Term; but subject to the Payment of all Money then owing upon the Credit of the said Duties, and all Interest due and to grow due thereon: Provided also, That in case the said Lighthouses shall not be kept in good Repair, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation of Trinity-house, within three Months next after every Notice given, to cause the same to be repaired in such Manner as they shall think fit; and the Expence thereof shall be defrayed by the said Trustees out of the said Duties; and in cale any Default shall be made in Payment of the said yearly Rent or Sum of Money so directed to be paid to the Corporation of Trinity-house as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation to collect and receive the said Duties until such Time as the said Rent so in Arrear shall be fully satisfied and paid.

XXXIII. And, in order that proper and skilful Persons may be appointed Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the said Port of Chester* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings assembled as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to examine and enquire into the Skill and Ability of every Person and Persons residing within the Port of Chester, who shall tender or offer himself or themselves to be admitted as a Pilot or Pilots within the Port of Chester aforesaid; and if, upon a drift Examination, the Person or Persons so offering him or themselves as a Pilot or Pilots within such Port, shall be found well qualified and approved of by the same Trustees, or any seven or more of them, as aforesaid, the said Trustees may appoint such Number of the Persons so examined as they shall think fufneient to be Pilots within the said Port, and shall grant to each of them a Licence to act as Pilots within the same Port; which Licence shall contain the Name, Age, and Place of Abode, of the Person folicensed, and shall certify that he is duly qualified to act as a Pilot to conduct Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Chester \ and the said Licence shall be subscribed with the

623

Any Person wilfully destroying or setting on Fire the I ight-houses, See,

flnll, on Con* vision, be deemed guilty of Felony.

I.ighthousei, Landmarks, &e« veiled In Trustees:

Their Name of Style:

May sue and bo

sued.

Trustees to pay 5 I. a Year to the Corporation of Trinity-house for 99 Yeart j after which Term, the Li.;}ithoufrSj&C« to be vefltd in the said Corporation,

If Trustees ne*

g!ed> to repair Lighthouses, the Corporation may Order it to be done. &c.

Trustees may

examine and grant Licencest# Pikts,

024

Pilots acting without a Li -crnctf, to forfeit loi.

Licensr'. Pilots not doinj iheir Duty, on proper Notice, to forfeit lol.

Pilots mi/hehav-ing, their Licences may be recalled.

Penalty on Pilots acting after their Licences are reddled, &c.

Security to be given for Pilotage of outward-bound Vessels,

r Pilots may refuse to conduct them.

Ra'esof Pilo-

&gt.

C. 6it Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

proper Hand-writing of seven or more of the f.iid Trustees: And every such Person or Persons respectivelyr fnallfrom thenceforth be deemed duly qualified to exercise and follow the Occupiiion or Business of a Pilot or Pilots within the Port of Chester as aforesaid; and that no more than five Shillings shall be taken by the Clerk of the said Trustees for the writing* filling up, or compleating of any one Licence \ and no such Licence so to be granted as aforesaid dial I continue in Force for any longer Time or Term than three Years from the Date thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, not being licensed as aforesaid, shall, from and after the Time that the said Trustees (Fall have fixed a proper Number of Pilots, take upon him or themselves to conduit or pilot any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of Chester, or if any Pilot so licensed as aforesaid shall, after the Expiration of such his Licence, continue to act as a Pilot without the Renewal of the same; every such Person or Persons (hull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pilot, who shall receive such Licence as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to *ake the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel outward-bound, upon proper Notice being first given to such Pilot, or if any such Pilot fha 11 be plying betwixt Dalpocle in the County of Chester aforesaid, and Westward of Chester~bar% and upon a Gun being fired, or an Ensign being hoisted in a Weft, or other usual Signal given from any Ship or Vessel* shall refuse or neglect forthwith to board and take under his Charge or Care such Ship or Vessel, or, if any such Ship or vessel cannot be boarded without imminent Danger, such Pilot shall refuse or neglect to lead the Way with his Boat, every such Pilot shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, that any Pilot or Pilots so licensed as aforesaid shall have mifbe-haved him or themselves in the conducing of any Ship or Vessel, or in the Execution of any other Part of his or their Duty as a Pilot or Pilots, or if such Pilot or Pilots shall refuse to obey any Summons of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, requiring his or their Appear* ance before the said Trustees, or shall not obey all such Orders as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall make in the Premises, or in anywise offend or misbehave him or themselves as a Pilot or Pilots 5 then, and in any such Case, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, upon Examination thereof, are hereby authorised and empowered to recal the Licence or Licences granted to such Pilot or Pilots respectively, and to declare the same to be from thenceforth revoked and utterly void, or to suspend such Pilot or Pilots for such Time as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper: And if any such Person or Persons so offending or misbehaving him or themselves (after Notice in Writing of his Licence being recalled, or of his being suspended as aforesaid, given to him or them in Person, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode) shall presume to act as a Pilot or Pilots in conducting any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, into or out of the Port of Chester, he or they shall be subject to the like Penalty as Persons acting as Pilots, without being licensed by the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act are fubie& to.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Pilots so to be licensed as aforesaid shall be requested by the Master, Commander, Owner, or Agent, of any Ship or Vessel outward-bound, to take the Charge or Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Pilot, previous to his taking such Charge or Conduct, to demand a sufficient Security from such Matter, Cdmmander, Owner, or Agent, for the Payment of such Pilotage outward, according to the Rates and Prices herein after mentioned, or that shall be fixed by the said Trustees, or any. thirteen or more of them; and if such Commander, Owner, or Agent, shall refuse to pay such Rates, or give such Security, then, and in such Case, such Pilot may refuse to conduct or pilot such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, without being subject to or incurring any of the Penalties inflicted by this Act on Pilots refusing to take the Charge or Conduct of Ships or Vessels as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And, for preventing exorbitant Demands being made by any Pilot or Pilots, so to be licensed as aforesaid, for the conducting or piloting any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of Chester,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no greater Rates for Pilotage shall be demanded or taken by any such Pilot or Pilots than what is or are heiein after mentioned 9 that is to say.

Far piloting or conducing any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects into the said Port of Chester, from the Length of the Great Ormshead on the Coast of Wales, bearing South and by West, to the City of Chester, during the Winter Season, the Sum of nine Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel so to be piloted or conduced shall then draw; such Winter Season to begin and commence on the first Day of October, and end on the thirty-first Day of March yearly, both Days inclusive: And for piloting or conducing any such Ship or Vessel out of the said Port of Chester from the City of Chester to the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid, during the Winter Season, to be computed as aforesaid, the Sum of six Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted cr conducted out of the said Port, shall then draw:—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Pent of Chester from the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid to the said City of Chester, during the Summer Season, the Sum of seven Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship of Vessel so to be piloted or conducted as aforesaid shall then draw; such Summer Season to begin and commence on the li. ft Day of Api //, and end on the thirtieth Day of September yearly, both Days inclusive: And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel out of the said Port of Chester from the said City of Chester to the Length of the Great Ormshead, during the *like Summer Season, the Sum of five

Sh hings

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6r. 625

Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted or candufted out of the said Port, shall then draw:

And To in Proportion for half a Foot of Water in all the Cases aforesaid; but no Allowance to be made

for oJd inches above or under Half a Foot.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter, Vesscfs in the or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel in the Coatting-trade, or trading to or from to*sting-trade Ireland, whose Ship or Vessel shall be conducted or piloted into or out of the said Port of Chester in Man- to pay 01 Jy Half ner aforesaid, shall pay or cause to be paid one Half only, and no more, of the said respective Rates for the Rate>-such Pilotage, according to the Season of the Year, as before described.

XL. Provided also, That no Master or Commander of any Coasting Ship or Vessel, or of such Ships Coasting-Vesseli or Vessel s as trade to or from Ireland, which shall be conducted or piloted into or out of the said Port of ^an 8 F^ct Chester^ shall pay any Iefs Sum for such Pilotage than for eight Feet Draught of Water, according to the Dra*gh"of Rates hereby directed to be paid for such Ships or Vessels; but if such Ship or Vessel shall draw more than Water, eight Feet Draught of Water, the Overplus shall be paid for according to the Rates aforesaid.

XLI. And whereas Ships or Vessels belonging to Aliens, or the Subjects of Foreign Powers, fre-

questing the Port of Chester, usually draw Iefs Water in proportion to their Burthen than Ships or Sn,p,‘

Vessels belonging to the Subjects of Great Britainj be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following and no greater Rates shall be demanded or taken for the piloting or conducting of any such alien Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of Chester; that is to say,

For piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port of Chester, from the Length of the Great Ormshead on the Coast of Walesy bearing South and by West, to the City of Chester, during the Winter Season (such Winter Season to be computed as aforesaid) the Sum of twelve Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw :—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel out of the said Port from the City of Chester to the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid, during the said Winter Season, the Sum of ten Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw:—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port of Chester% from the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid to the City of Chester, during the Summer Season (such Summer Season to be computed as aforesaid) the Sum of ten Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw :—And for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel out of the said Port from the City of Chester to the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid, during the Summer Season, the Sum of seven Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw:

And so in proportion for Half a Foot of Water in any of the Cases aforesaid; but no Allowance to be

made for odd Inches above or under Half a Foot.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master or Commander Pilot offering tm of any Ship or Vessel inward-bound shall refuse to take on Board and employ a Pilot, so to be licensed as inward bound aforesaid, who shall offer his Service, such Master or Commander shall pay or cause to be paid to the Vdfc11* and re-Pilot who first boards him, or offers his Service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused, the full Pilotage in- fused> to beP*ldl wards, according to the different Rates authorised by this Act, as if the said Pilot had been received and employed in conducting or piloting such Ship or Vessel into the said Port of Chester; and that notwithstanding such Refusal of the Master or Commander to take on Board or employ any such Pilot so licensed w with his as aforesaid, in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Pilot so offering his Service shall, and is hereby required to Boat, attend and lead the Way with his Boat, for such Ship or Vessel to follow, until such Ship or Vessel shall be brought to an Anchor at Dalpoole or Parhgate within the Port of Chester, before such Pilot shall be intitled to any Pilotage under this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, That if no Pilot or Pilots shall be ready to offer his or their Service, before Prorifo. any Ship or Vessel shall have passed by or got to the Eastward of Chester-bary the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel may refuse to employ or pay any Pilot or Pilots who may afterwards offer to take the Charge of such Ship or Vessel.

XLIV. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to prevent or hinder the Master or other Person Masters In the having the Command of any Ship or Vessel in the Coaiiing-trade, or trading to or from Ireland, from Coasting-trade conducting or piloting his own Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of Chester, without being subject !"10*lhcir tQthe Payment of the said Rates for Pilotage; nor to hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship and nv Person or Vessel in Distress, or to subject such Person or Persons to any of the Penalties in this Act; any Thing flirt Ship in herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Distress,

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Commander of every Every Master to Ship or Vessel so to be piloted or conducted into or out of the said Port of Chester as aforesaid, shall, and give the Pilot-n is hereby required to declare and give a true Account, to the Pilot employed in conducting or piloting Account of the such Ship or Vessel, of the Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw; and in c^fe the Pilot h*shiD-so employed shall suspect the Truth of the Declaration of such Master or Commander, such Pilot shall and 1 ?9

is hereby authorised to admeasure, or cause such Ship or Vessel to be admeasured, in order to find the true Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner or Master, or On Non-pay-any other Person having or taking upon himself, or appearing to have or take, the Command or Charge roenl of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, charged or chargeable with the respective Rates for Pilotage hereby authorised to be paid or allowed by this Act, shall refuse to pay the same; then, and in such Case, may 1 r*in' it shall be lawful so and for the said Trustees appointed by this Act, or any nine or more of them, or for their Receiver or other Person or Persons by them appointed for the Time being, to recover such Rates by

626

Chaffer Pilot— boats to carry two MaAs* Liverpool Pilots may take the Charge oTChef-tcr Ships in certain cases, &c.

Trustees cmpowerrd toicflVn the Rates of Pi-Jots, &c.

Trustees tmpowered to fix Rates for piloting small Distances.

Trustees may grant Licences to Perfom for tracking or tow* ing YcCcls.

Tewers a fling

without Licence, to forfeit 10 I.

Rates for towing or tracking.

Trofteefr impowered to lesion the Rates of Towers or Tuckers, &c.

Trustees may feifpend or xa* caie Licences granted to Tow-cn os Trackers*.

C. 6r. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Distress and Sale, in such Manner as is herein before particularly mentioned and directed for recovering the Duties herein before granted.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Pilot that shall be so licensed in the Port of Chester as aforesaid, shall have and carry two Malls.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel at Sea, or to the Wellward of Chester-bar, bound for the Port of Chester, shall be met or boarded by a Liverpool Pilot* and no Chester Pilot near at Hand, or in Sight, that then it shall and may be lawful (if the Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall think proper, but not otherwise) for the said Liverpool Pilot to take the Charge of such Ship or Vessel until (he shall arrive or come to an Anchor at Dalpoole, in the Port of Chester; and also that the Liverpool Pilots shall be allowed to take the Charge of piloting his Majesty's Ships into or out of the Port of Chester at all Times whatever; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, to alter, lessen, lower, diminish, or reduce, the Rates of Pilotage hereby made payable, or any of them;, and also to advance and raise the same again in such Manner as to them the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, as aforesaid, from Time to Time, shall seem meet, requisite, and expedient, foas such. Rates, when raised again and advanced, do not exceed the Rates herein before made payable, and airedled to be taken by Pilots as aforesaid.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, at any of their Quarterly Meetings, to ascertain, settle, and fix, the Rates of Pilotage from one Place to another for any Distance within the intermediate Space between the Great Ormshead aforesaid, and the said City of Chester\ so as such Rates in the Whole do not exceed the Rates herein before fixed for piloting any Ship or Vessel from the Length of the Great Ormshead aforesaid to the City of Chester aforesaid, inwards or outwards, according to the Season of the Year.

LI. And, for the better towing and tracking of Ships and Vessels with Horses to and from the said City of Chester, within the said Port of Chester, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the salt} Trustees, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings assembled, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to examine and esquire as to the Care and Ability of every Person who shall tender or offer himself to be admitted as a Tower pr Tracker of Ships or Vessels with Horses, within the Port of Chester aforesaid; and every Person who, upon such Examination and Enquiry, shall be approved by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall receive a Licence containing his Name, Age, and Place of Abode, and also certifying that he is duly qualified to tow or track Vessels with Horses within the said Port of Chesterwhich Licence shall be subscribed with the proper Hand-writing of seven or more of the said Trustees; and every Person so licensed (and no other) shall be deemed duly qualified to exercise and follow the Occupation or Business of a Tower or Tracker of Vessels with Horses within the Port of Chester as aforesaid; and that no more than two Shillings and Sixpence shall be taken by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the writing, filling up, or compleating, of any one such Licence; and no such Licence, so, to be granted as aforesaid, shall continue in Force for any longer Time or Term than three Years from, the Date thereof: And if any Person shall, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, presume to tow or track any Ship or Vessel with Horses within the said Port of Chester, without being duly licensed so to do, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

LII. And, for preventing any exorbitant Demand being made by any Tower or Tracker with Horses, 4 so licensed for towing or tracking any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no greater Rates or Prices shall be taken by any such Person for towing or tracking, with Horses as aforesaid, than what is or are herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For towing or tracking any Ship or Vessel from the City of Chester to the new Quay in the River Dee* or from the New Quay to the said City of Chester, during the Winter Season, the Sum of one Pound five* Shillings (such Winter Season to commence on the first Day of October, and end on the thirty-first Day of March yearly, both Days inclusive) And for towing or tracking any Ship or Vessel from the said City of Chester to the said New Quay, or from the said New Quay to the said City of Chester, during the Summer Season, the Sum of one Guinea (such Summer Season to commence on the first Day of April, and end on the thirtieth Day of September yearly, both Days inclusive).

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at any Time or Times, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, to alter, lessen, lower, diminish, or reduce, the said Rates for towing or tracking of Ships and Vessels with Horses hereby made payable, or any of them; and also to advance and raise again the same in such Manner as to them the said Trustees, or any thirteen or more of them, at such General Meetings, from Time to Time, shall seem meet, requisite, and expedient; so as such Rates, when raised again and advanced, do not exceed the Rates herein before made payable, and authorised to be taken by Towers or Trackers as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Quarterly Meetings as aforesaid, to suspend or recal any Licence or Licences which shall have been granted to such

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61. 627

Towers or Trackers as aforesaid, and who shall in anywise neglect his or their Duty as Towers or

Trackers, or shall not conform themselves to all such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, as shall be made by virtue of this Act for the better Government of such Towers or Trackers within the said Port of Chester: And if any Tower or Tracker, whose Licence shall be suspended or taken away as aforesaid, shall take upon him or themselves to tow or track any Ship or Vessel with Horses within the said Port of Chester^ such Tower or Tracker shall be liable to all such Pains and Penalties, and to be recovered' in the same Manner, as are provided by this Act against such Person or Persons as shall tow or track Ships or Vesselt with Horses within the said Port ot Chester, without being full examined, approved, and licensed, as aforesaid.

LV. And, in order to prevent Inconveniences that might arise for Want of a sufficient Number of

Persons to tow or track Vessels with Hordes within the said Port of Chester as aforesaid,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any Emergency, or extraordinary Want of Towers or Trackors, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trtifttt s, or such Person as he shall depute, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require, to lirenfe by Writing, or verbally appoint, for one Day only at any one Time, such and so many l owers or IVackers as shall be found necessary and useful on such Emergencies or extraordinary Want of Towers or Trackers as aforesaid 5 and that such Towers or Trackers lo licensed or appointed shall not be liable, on the Day for which they are so respectively appointed, to any Penalty inflicted by this Act upon Persons acting as Towers or Trackers without being licensed by the said Trustees as aforesaid; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LVI. And, for the better regulating and managing the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, Lights, Lnnd- marks, and Buoys, and all other Works, Matters, and Things, authorised to be built, made, erected,

and done, by virtue of this Act, and for the better governing and regulating all such Pilots, and all Towers and Trackers of Vessels who shall be respectively licensed to act as such within the said Port of Chester J be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed by this Act, or any nine or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings, to be held in pursuance of this to make, ordain, and establish, such Rules, Orders, Byelaws, and Regulations, for the better regulating and managing the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, Lights, Landmarks, Buoys, and all other the Works, Matters, and Things, herein before mentioned relating thereto, as to them shall seem proper and expedient; and also to make, ordain, and establish, separate Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations, for the better governing and regulating, of all such Pilots fb to be appointed and licensed as aforesaid, and likewise to make, ordain, and establish, other separate* Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations, for the better governing and regulating of all such Towers or Trackers so to be licensed as aforesaid: And it shall and maybe lawful for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, at any such General Quarterly Meetings, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, the said respective Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations, or any of them, as to them shall, from Time to Time, seem proper and expedient, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties (not exceeding five Pounds upon one Person for any one Offence) for the Non-observance, Non-performance, or other Breach of all or any of the said respective Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, or Regulations; and all such pecuniary Penalties shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein after directed for Recovery of any pecuniary Penalties inflicted by this Act: Provided always, That none of the said respective Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, or Regulations, herein before authorised to be made, be repugnant to the Laws, Statutes, or Customs, of thi»; Realm, nor prejudicial or derogatory to any Right, Authority, or Jurisdiction, belonging to the Office of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall cause the said respective Rules, Orders, Bye-laws, and Regulations, to be printed either together or separately, as they shall think most proper, and to be hung up in some conspicuous Place at the Custom-house for the said Port of Chester, and in the Custom house or Dock-office in Liverpool^ and shall alficK cause Lists of the Pilots and of the Towers or Trackers, who shall from Time to Time be respectively licensed as aforesaid, to be printed and hung up in some conspicuous Place at the Custom house in the said Port of Chester, and to pay the Expences attending the same out of any Money arising by virtue of this Act. '

LVII. And, in order to prevent the setting or placing of Stake-nets, Ports, or other Obstructions, in or across the Channels, and upon the Banks and Shoals within the said Port of Chester/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, fix or place any Stake-nets, in, over, or across, any of the Channels within the said Port of Chester, or in or upon the Banks and Shoals in the same Port, or fix or set any Post or other Obstruction to the Navigation within the said Port of Chester, to the Prejudice of Ships, Boats, or Vessels, navigating to or from the said City of Chester\ and being convicted thereof before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or City where the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more Witnesses, such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sfom of ten Pounds. )

LVIII. And, in order to prevent Matters of Ships and other Persons discharging and throwing over— board Gravel, Ballast, or other Rubbish, below or within the Limits of High-water Mark within the Port of Chester,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall discharge or cast out of any Ship or Vessel, being within the Port of Chester, any Gravel, Ballast, or Rubbish, (except only on the Land where Tide never flows) every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, after defraying all Expences* which shall1 have been incurred by reason or on account of applying for, obtaining, and parting, this present Act of The Clerk may

appoint extraordinary Tower*, in Cases of Emergency*.

Trustees may make Bye-laws,

and alter or repeal the same*.

Bye-Uwt, Mti. to be printed*

Penalty on placing Stake* nets across the Channels, &c. in the Port of: Chester,

Penalty on discharging BaJiaifc within High-water Mark.

Application of? the Overplus-., mouey.

628

No additional Duties to be paid.

Mayor of Chef-ter, or Justicea of Peace, &c. to hear and determine Offences against this Act-

On Conviction

of Offender*, Mayor or Justice may issue a Warrant for levying Penal-tica by Diflrefa-

For Want of Distress, Offenders jnay be c# mm it ted.

Tmfleea may mitigate Penalties*

Application of Penalties-

PHI rest not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form,

C. 61. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Parliament, and all th# necessary Expences preparatory and relating thereto, and of erecting, building, and setting up, the said Lighthouseor Lighthouieb and other Buildings, and also the Landmarks, Buoys, and all other Works by this Act directed or authorised to be erected, built, set up, or made, as aforesaid, it shall be found, upon settling a General Account by such Auditors as aforesaid, that there remains in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees any Surplus of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act than in the Opinion of the said Tmiftecs, or any thirteen or more of them, will be required to defray all Expences attending the Maintenance and Support of the said Lighthouse or Lighihouses and other Buildings, and the said several Landmarks and Buoys aforesaid, and all other the Purposes attending the Execution of this Act, all such Surplus-money shall and may from Time to Time be laid out and applied in improving, supporting, and preserving, the said Port of Chester, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, at any of their General Quarterly Meetings a (fern bled, shall from Time to Time direct, order, or appoint; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding-

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Matter or other Person taking the Charge of any Ship or Vessel with any other or greater Rates, Duties, or Tonnage, for erecting, building, or making, any Lighthouse, Landmarks, or any other Works, than such as are in and by this Act particularly mentioned and described; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the City of Cheller for the Time being, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of the same City, or for the Mayor of the Borough of Liverpool for the Time being, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the same Borough, or for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Chester and Flint* within their respective Jurisdictions, to hear and determine any Offences which are made subject to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties for Breach of any of the Bye-laws, or otherwise, where the pecuniary Penalties to be levied do not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds; and such Mayor, Deputy Mayor, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint before him, them, or any of them, made, in that Behalf, within three Months next after such Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side; and if such Information or Complaint shall be verified upon Oath by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties so offending, and upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing, upon Proof of Notice given, to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and to convict and give such Sentence, Judgment, or Determination, as in their Opinion shall be just and conformable to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act: And where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence upon such Information as aforesaid, or Confession, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, his Deputy, Justice or Justices respectively, and they are hereby impowered to draw up a Conviction in such Form of Words as to such Mayor or his Deputy, or such Justice or Justices, shall seem proper and applicable to the Matter in question, and to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for levying the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged to be incurred, by Distress or Distresses of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in five Days, rendering to the Party offending, after Payment of the said Penalties, apd all the Cods of the Conviction, Distress- and Sale, the Overplus, if any there be: And in case any Person or Persons shall be convicted, in puruiance of this Act, of any Offence ounifhable by pecuniary Penal ties for Breach of Bye-laws or otherwise as aforesaid, and if no Goods or Chattels of any Person or Persons so offending shall at the Time of such Conviction be found, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, or his Deputy, or such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person or Persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said City, Borough, or County, as the Case may happen, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding six Months, or until such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be paid.

LXII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Deputy Mayor, or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, for the Time being, or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, shall be "given, pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, when they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any of the pecuniaryTenalties or Forfeitures as aforesaid, as they in their Discretion shall think fit, so as not to remit or lessen any Penalty or Forfeiture more than one Moiety of the Penalty infltded and directed to be levied by this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties or Sums of Money recovered in pursuance of this Act, shall go and be paid, applied, and disposed of, in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the Use of any Person or Persons who shall, by Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or otherwise, recover the same; and the other Moiety to the said Trustees, to be applied in such Manner as the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act are hereby directed to be paid and applied.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defied or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; hut the

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6i« 629

Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage

in an Action upon the Case.

LXV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no Summons, Order, Determination, Judg» Writingstobe iftent. Decree, Warranty Contract, Conveyance, Agreement, Bond, or other Writing or Proceeding without Stamp#, whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justic* of the Peace, or of the said Trustees, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Transfer or other Writing whatsoever relative to the Execution of this Act, shall be charge 1 or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever; and that no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

LXVI. Provided always, That any Person or Persons thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved by Persons afgffe?-any Order or Judgment made or given by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, e<jimyappe»i to-or of any of the said Rules or.Bve-laws, may, within six Calendar Months next after such Order shall e~

have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said Counties of CJje/ber or Flint, or for the County of the City of Chester respectively, where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, and not elsewhere, who shall hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions; or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County or City respectively; and, if they fee Cause, may mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rules, Bye-laws, Orders, or Determinations, or any of them; and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be LImkattoa of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every Action*. such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, or, in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage, then within three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cease, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County or City where the Matter or Matters in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and shall not be removed by Certiorari^ or any other Writ or Process whatsoever; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi- General Issue^ dence upon any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any County or Place otherwise than as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may be intitled to Treble Costs of Suit, and Treble Costs-. shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing Rights of the in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to take away, change, alter, or «?r^lat,0fn °j\ lessen, any Jurisdiction, Right, or Power, of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester not par-' c rccrve

ticularly affected by this Act*; but that the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester shall and may, at all Times hereafter, be at Liberty to have, use, exercise, and enjoy, all such Powers, Rights, and Privileges, not particularly affected by this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents-and Purposes, as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

[Rights of th» -

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to alter, defeat, or obstruct, any of the Powers Rlver^'vCJm^ given to the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of P*nyr rve * the River Deey by the several Acts of Parliament for making the said River navigable; but that the said Company and their Successors, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, Officers, and Servants, may at all

Times hereafter be at Liberty to have, use, exercise, and enjoy, all such Powers, Rights, and Privileges, in as full and ample Manner as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made; any /

Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend to take away, alter, lessen* change, or in* Tfcit A*Hiot t* trude < pon, any of the Jurisdictions or Powers of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of Liver- ask^thcRJghw* pool for the Time being, the Trustees for the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool, and for the erecting and £0 maintaining of the Lighthouses, Landmarks, and Buoys, erected and placed in and for the Port of Liver

pool; nor for the licensing or managing of the Pilots or Pilotage acting or failing in or out of the said Port 5. nor of the Rights or Estates of or belonging to the Mayor, Bailiff', or Burgesses, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, orof any Part thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI. Saving and reserving always to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all Lords and La- General Siting dies of Manors, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and other Person and Persons, all their and every of their of Right?. Jurisdictions, Rights, Privileges, Powers, Estates, and Interests whatsoever, except such as are meant and intended to be affected, altered, or taken away, by this Act.

[Public Act.]

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

630

C. 62.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

[Preamble.]

'Commissioners of Sewers authorised to make a Cut or Drain, from the River Stonar inro Sandwich-haven

and also proper

Floodgates, and other Works, for the better draining the Lands within the General Vailiei.

If Parties cannot agree, a Jury to be summoned.

Expences of Jury bf whom to be borne.

The Cut and other Works to be used for no other Purpose thin draining the General Val-lics.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General Vallies.

WHEREAS there are in the Vallies from Fordwich-bridge to Sandwich-haven, in the County of Kent (commonly called The General Vallies), upwards of seven thousand Acres of valuable and improveable Arable Lands, Marsh Lands, Meadow Lands, and Low Grounds, within the Limits of the Commission of Sewers herein after mentioned; and, although considerable Sums of Money have for several Years past been annually raised and expended in draining the said Lands and Grounds, they are frequently overflowed: And whereas, if the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being for the several Limits herein after particularly described, in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, were im- powered to make a proper Cut or Drain from the River Stour, at or near the Salt-works at Stonar, into Sandwich-haven, the Lands within the said General Vallies would be much better and more effectually drained, and at less Expence, than they have been for several Years past: And whereas the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Limits are willing and desirous to make the said Cut or Drain, and such other Works as shall be necessary for the better and more effectual draining the Lands and Grounds within the said General Vallies; but Doubts have arisen whether they have sufficient Powers, by the Laws now in being relating to Sewers, to effect the same: And whereas the draining of the said Lands and Grounds will not only be of great Benefit to the Owners and Occupiers thereof^ but also bf public Utility ;9 may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, for the several Limits between Mersham, Ashford, Chart, and Canterbury, and between Canterbury, Fordwich, Chijlett, Reculver, and the Town and Port of Sandy/tch, and the Liberties thereof, and within the whole Isle of Thanet, and within the whole Lath of Saint Aujlin's, and between Deal, Eaflry, IVingham, and Sandwich, and between Hernehilll Whistable, and Seafalter, and in the Borders or Confines of the same, and in Mersham, Ashford, Chart, City or Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and in Sandwich and in the Liberties thereof, and in Gravency and Hernehill aforesaid, and in Brokejbridge and Fordjborne, in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, or in the Borders or Confines of the same, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to make a Cut or Drain at or near the Salt-works at Stonar, in the said County of Kent, from the River Stour aforesaid, into Sandwich-haven, of such Dimensions as they shall think fit; and from Time to Time to cleanse, scour, widen, deepen, alter, maintain, and support the same in such Manner as they shall think proper, so that the said Cut or Drain shall never exceed forty Feet in Width; and also to make, raise, maintain, and support, such sufficient and proper Banks, and all such other Works on the Sides of the said Cut or Drain, as they shall think necessary; and to make proper and convenient Floodgates within the said Cut or Drain (each Flood-

fate not to exceed four Feet six Inches in Width); artd the said Commissioners of Sewers shall have full *ower and Authority over all and Angular the said Works to be made, raised, erected, and set up, by virtue of this Act; and shall and may from Time to Time alter, remove, repair, rebuild, enlarge, widen, deepen, scour, and cleanse the same, paying to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, Politic, or Collegiate, as shall or may have a Right or Property in or to any Lands or Grounds through which the intended Cut or Drain shall be made, or from which any Earth shall be dug or taken, or through or upon which any such Banks and other Works as aforesaid shall be made, raised, erected, built, or set up, his, her, or their Guardian, Trustee, or Committee, or any Person or Persons claiming in his, her, or their Right, such Sum or Sums of Money for the Damages they shall respectively sustain thereby, as shall be ascertained and fixed by the said Commissioners of Sewers, who have full Power and Authority to ascertain and fix such the Amount thereof, notwithstanding their being Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Estates lying within the said General Vallies: And in case the said Commissioners of Sewers and such Owners or Proprietors cannot agree touching such Recompence and Compensation, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to cause a Jury of the County of Kent to be summoned to ascertain and fix the Money to be paid for the Lands and Premises so made use of for making the said Cut or Drain or other Works as aforesaid; and in case the Jury give a Verdict for the same, or fora less Sum than was offered by the said Commissioners of Sewers, the Owner or Proprietor of such Lands or Premises as aforesaid shall bear all the Expences attending the Jury; but if a Verdict shall be given for 3 greater Sum than was offered by the said Commissioners of Sewers to such Owner or Proprietor as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners of Sewers shall bear all the Expences attending such Jury, any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and that the said Commissioners of Sewers shall not proceed in such Works until such Money so ascertained by the Commissioners, or in case the Proprietors of such Lands shall refuse to accept the same, then such Sum as shall be ascertained and settled by the said Jury, shall be fully paid and satisfied, or legally tendered in Payment and Satisfaction unto such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorise or impower the said Commissioners of Sewers, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to make use of the said Cut or Drain, so to be made from the River Stour, at or near Stonar, into Sandwich-haven, as aforesaid, or any other Works to be by them made and erected at or near the said intended

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 62.

tended Cut or Drain, for any other Purpose whatsoever than for draining and improving the several Lands and Grounds within the General Tallies, between Fordwich-bridge and Sandwich-bavcn aforesaid.

III. And whereas a Cut is already nearly made and completed, through certain Lands of "John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, at Stonar aforesaid, between the River Stour and Sandwich-haven, into which Cut a Penstock or Drain from the Salt-works belonging to the said Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward empties itself, and it is necessary for the said Salt-works that the said Penstock or Drain should always remain free and open: And whereas the said Commissioners of Sewers may think proper to make use of the said Cut for the Purposes of this Act,' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Work shall be done or made, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, which shall in anywise prevent or obstuct the free Course of the Water through the said Penstock from the Salt-works at Stonar, but that the same shall have a free Passage into the said Cut, and shall be under the sole Direction and Management of the Owner or Occupier of the said Salt-works for the Time being.

IV. And whereas it may be necessary for making the said Cut or Drain at or near Stonar aforesaid, to make use of Part of the Lands belonging to Jofias Wordsworth Esquire, in the Parish of Minster: And whereas the said Jofias Wordsworth is willing that such Part or Parts of seven Acres of his Land lying next and adjoining to Stonar aforesaid (not exceeding three Acres thereof in the Whole) as shall be wanted by the said Commissioners of Sewers, may be made use of by them for making the said Cut or Drain, and such other Works as shall be necessary to be made or used for the Purpose only of draining the Lands and Grounds within the said General rallies, upon making a reasonable Compensation to him for the same/ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers to purchase and make use of any Part or Parts of the said seven Acres of the said Lands of the said jofias Wordsworth, in the said Parish of Minster (not exceeding three Acres thereof in the Whole), which shall be wanted for making the said Cut or Drain, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for making or erecting any Works which the said Commissioners of Sewers shall think necessary to be made or erected for the Purpose only of draining and improving the Lands and Grounds within the said General Vallies,

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise or impower the said Commissioners of Sewers, or their Agents, Workmen, pr Servants, to take or use any other Part or Parts of the Lands of the said "Jofias Wordsworth than as aforesaid, without the Consent in Wruing for that Purpose of the said fiofias Wordsworth, his Heirs or Assigns, first had and obtained. '

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Cut or Drain shall be made at or near the Salt-woiks at Stonar aforesaid, the Bank on the South Side of the said Cut or Drain from the said River Stour to Sandwich-haven aforesaid, along by the Salt-works, shall be the Property of the Owner of the Land whereon the same now is or may be made; and the same shall and may from Time to Time be repaired, enlarged, and made use of (but without Prejudice to the said Cut or Drain, or the Works therein or belonging to the same) by the Owner or Owners thereof, without any Interruption or Hindrance from or by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person whomsoever: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the said Commissioners of Sewers, or their Agents or Workmen, from coming, going, passing, and repassing, on, over, and from the said Bank, to make, repair,' or amend, any of their Works in, upon, or adjoining to the said Cut or Drain, as often as Occasion shall require, the said Commissioners of Sewers making good all Damages which shall be done to the said Banks by their said Agents or Servants in making, repairing, or amending, the Works aforesaid.

VII. And whereas it will be necessary, for the Accommodation of Passengers, that a Bridge should be built over the said intended Cut or Drain / be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners t>f Sewers shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to erect and build, or cause to be erected or built, a good and substantial Carriage-bridge where the said intended Cut or Drain erodes or interfefts the Road leading from the Town of Sandwich to the Isle ofi Thanet, or within ten Yards of the same; and that the Passage or Road over the said Bridge shall be made, and at all Times remain, fourteen Feet broad at the least; and the said Bridge shall be free to all Persons whomsoever j and that no Person shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Toll or Pontage whatsoever for passing or repassing over the said Bridge, cither on Foot, or with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, or any other Thing whatsoever; and that the ifx-pences attending the building the said Bridge shall be defrayed out of such Money as shall be raised and received by virtue of this Act; and the said Bridge shall at all Times thereafter be repaired, supported, and maintained, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, and the Expences thereof defrayed out of the Scots and Sums of Money hereafter to be raised by them within the said General Vallies: Provided always, That the said Commissioners of Sewers shall not make the said Cut, or any Part thereof, in or across the said Road, until such Time as they shall have made and perfected such Bridge, or shall have made or left a convenient Passage for Accommodation of his Majesty's Subjects using the said Road.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Sewers, at their first or any other General Session, or at any Adjournment thereof ,which shall he holden next after the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time yearly, or otherwise, during the Term of seven Years, to be computed from the Time of passing of this Act, to assess, rate, tax, and charge, or scot, for the Purpose of doing and executing such Works, Matters, and Things, as are by this Act authorised and directed to be done, all and every the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers, or either of them, of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds within the said General Tallies, which now arc, or shall be hereafter, legally scotteil to the said General Tallies by the said Commissioners of Sewers, in such Rates or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, in any one Year, according to the same Rates and Proportions which :they now are or hereafter may be scotted to the said General Tallies, and not otherwise, and to levy the /ame; so as the said Occupiers, or any of them, shall not be subject or liable to pay any greater Share or

631

Free Coarse of Water to be preferred through the Drain from Lord Dudley* Salt-works.

Commissioners of Sewers may make Use of Part of Mr. Wordsworth's Lands.

Proviso, relating to the rest af Mr. Wordsworth's Lands.

Banks on the South Side the Cut to be the Property of the Owner of the Lands whereon the same ftuM be made.

Commissionert of Sewers to erect a Bridge across the Road, leading from Sandwich to the Me of Thanet. Bridge to be free.

Commissioners irn powered to make Rates for draining the Genial Vallies }

not eaceeding it, 6d per *cre in one Year.

C. 6a.

632 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776

Application of the Rates, &c.

Commissioners to give Notice of Rates, and Times of Payment.

Penalty on Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same.

Proportion thereof than the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence per Acre in any one Year: And that the Money arising thereby shall be applied for the several Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; the said Owners and Occupiers, during the said Term, for and in respect of their said Lands and Grounds, remaining nevertheless liable to and chargeable with the same Assessments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots, for all other Purposes to which they now are, or, at or immediately before the passing of this Act, were liable to or chargeable with by the Laws in being relating to Sewers; but that, from and after the Expiration of the said Term of seven Years, the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands Or Grounds shall not be subject to any other Assessments, Rates, Taxes* or Scots, to be made or raised by the said Commissioners of Sewers, than are or shall be authorised to be raised by the Laws relating to Sewers; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Sewers (half, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the making of any Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, by virtue of this Act, to cause Notice thereof, and also of the Day or Days for paying the same, and of the Place or Places appointed for that Purpose, by publishing such Notice twice in the Canterbury Newspaper or Newspapers, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall order and direct, so as such Notice shall always be given fourteen Days lead before the Time appointed for Payment of the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots: And in case any Person or Persons, who are or shall be liable to and ought to pay such Assessments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots, as aforesaid, shall, without any* reasonable Cause, to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Sewers upon Appeal, or otherwise, at their Session of Sewers, or Adjournment of any former Session of Sewers, which shall fitil happen after fourteen Days from the due Publication of such AsseAments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots, neglect or refuse to pay die fame, at such Times and Places which shall be appointed for the Payment thereof by the said Commissioners of Sewers as aforesaid; every such Person so neglecting or refofing shall be liable to and shall pay double the Sum of Money so assessed, rated, and taxed, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, upon such Person or Persons, to be raised and levied in foefi Manner as the Angle Assessments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots, are herein after directed to be, or by the Laws relating to Sewers may be, raised and levied.

Occupiers of Lands to pay the Kate?,

and deduct the same out of their Rents.

Certain Tenants

not intitled to <Jedu& the Ratet.

Method of recovering the Races,

Disputes to be settled by Commissioners.

Commissioners may distrain for a Angle Rate.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That aH and every the Tenants and Occupiers of such Lands shall, and are hereby required to pay all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be fQ assessed, rated, and taxed, or scotted, on the respective Landlords or Owners of such Lands, unto the* Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of Sewers to receive the same, and shall and may deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rents, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall so pay as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords or Owners of such Lands are hereby required to allow all such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of their said Rents; and every such Tenant or Occupier, paying such Assessment, Rate, or Tax, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Assessment, Rate, or Tax, which they shall so pay* shall amount to, as fully and effectually as if tjhc fame had been actually paid in Part of Rent to his* her, or their Landlord or Landlords; any Lease, Covenant, or Agreement, made before the pafl&ng of this Act, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Lessee or Tenant of any such Lands, charged with the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, who shall hold the same by virtue of or under any Lease from any Bishop or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical or other Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or by virtue of or under any beneficial Lease, shall be intitled to deduct the said respective Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, or any of them, chargeable by this Act, out of the Rent reserved or made payable by any such Lease; but that the said respective Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, shall be charged upon and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Lands.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Default shall be made by any Person or Persons assessed, rated, taxed, or scotted, by virtue of this Act, or by any Tenant or Occupier of any Lands, for or on the Behalf of his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, or the Owner or Owners thereof, so assessed, taxed, or scotted, in his, her, or their respective Payments, on the Day or Days to be appointed for Payment thereof by the said Commissioners of Sewers as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers, although they shall be Landlords, Owners, or Occupiers of Lands within the said General tallies, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower any Person or Persons to enter upon the Lands or Grounds so rated and taxed as aforesaid, in the roffeflion of such Person or Persons who shall make Default in Payment as aforesaid, or into any other Messuages or Tenements, Lands or Hereditaments, in the Possession of such Person or Persons, or any other Messuages or Tenements, Lands or Hereditaments, of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of the Lands or Grounds so rated, taxed, and scotted; and to raise and levy the Sum or Sums of Money so rated, taxed, and scotted upon, or which ought to be paid by, such Person or Persons for such Rate, Tax, or Scot, by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall be there found; and the Person or Persons making such Distress shall and may deduct and retain to himself all reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress, out of the Money arising from such Sale; and the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any be) after Payment of the said Sum or Sums so distrained for, and all such Charges as aforesaid, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle, which shall be so distrained and fold; and Tn case any Dispute shall arise touching the Costs and Charges occasioned by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, the same shall be settled and determined by the said Commissioners of Sewers; and their Determination therein shall be final.

XIII. Provided always, That the said Commissioners of Sewers may, if they think fit, order and direct any Distress or Distresses to be made for such Sum or Sums of Money as were originally assessed, rated,

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 62. 633

taxed, or scotted, upon any Person or Persons, for his, her, or their single Assessment, Rate, Tax, or Scot only.

[Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Commissioners;]

whose Determination shall be final.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That in case any Person or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Assessment, Rate, Tax, or Scot, made, charged, or imposed upon him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act, it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Person or Persons, giving reasonable Notice to the Expenditor or Expenditors of the Valley or Vallies wherein their said Estates are situate, and other Parties interested, to appeal to the said Commissioners of Sewers, at their Session of Sewers, or Adjourn^ ment of any former Session of Sewers, which shall first and next happen after fourteen Days from the due Publication of such Assessment, Rate, Tax, or Scot, who, notwithstanding the y shall be Owners or Occupiers of Estates within the said General Vallies, shall finally hear and determine such Appeal; and may, at their Discretion, award and order reasonable Costs to the Party against whom such Appeal shall be determined; to be raised and levied by such Warrant or Warrants, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of Sewers, in such Manner as is herein before directed for levying the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots.

XV. And, forasmuch as the Assessments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots, authorised to be made and col- levied by virtue of this Act, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expence of such Works, for or on account of which the said Assessments, Rates, Taxes, or Scots, not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre in any one Year, are herein before dirtdted to be raised/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Sewers shall and may* and they are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time, at any General Session of Sewers (but at no other Time), to borrow and take up any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary for the making and carrying the said Works into Execution, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of three thousand Pounds, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign the Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, berehi before authorised to be made, raised, and received, by virtue of this Act, within the said General Vallies, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding seven Years from the passing of this Act, in such Manner or Form as to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall seem meet, as a Security for all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so borrowed, to such Person Or Persons who shall advance and lend the same, his, her^ or their Trustee or Trustees, Executors or Administrators, with Interest for the same, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum: And that Copies of all such Mortgages and Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commission, for which Entry the said Clerk or Clerks shall be pakl the Sum of thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and no mot'e, out of the said Assessments, Rates, or Taxes: And that it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, by Indorsement, on his, her, or their Security or Securities, or otherwise, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Mortgage or Security, and Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured; and that all such Assignments or Trant fers shall be notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commission, within three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof; and the said Clerk or Clerks shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, containing the Date of the Assignment or Transfer, the Names of the Parries thereto, and the Sums of* Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of three Shillings and Four-pence out of the Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, and no more; and after such Entries shall be made, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignees to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee, his or her Executors or Administrators, may in like Manner, from Time to Time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein and thereto; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage, Assignment, or Transfer, shall be made as aforesaid, or shall legally come, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, in equal Degree one With another, and shall have no Preference irt respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money 5 and all Money so borrowed shall be applied for the several Purposes for which the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, or Scots, not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence ter Acre in any one Year, are herein before directed to be raised, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, and they are hereby required to pay off and discharge the said Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, together with all Interest due for the same, before the Expiration of the said Term of seven Years for which the said Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, are to be raised, for discharging and paying off* the same; and if at the End of the said Term of seven Years there shall remain any Surplus of the said Assessments, Rates, or Taxes, the same shall be applied for draining and improving the Lands within the said General Vallies, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall think fit, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, to be assessed and raised by virtue of this Act within the said General Vallies\ shall be charged and chargeable in Manner before mentioned with the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof; and (upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest) shall vest in the respective Creditors, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors respectively, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, by virtue of this Act, have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, from the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest (if Default shall be made in Payment thereof) as the said Commissioners of Sewers, or their. Receiver or Receivers, Expenditor or

Commissioners impowered to borrow 30001*

and to assign the Rates as a Security.

Copies of Assignments to be entered in a Book.

Assignments may be traaf, ferred.

All Persons advancing Mo Atj to be Creditors in equal Degree;

Money borrowed to be pjid oflf in left than seven Years*

Rates to be chargeable writ Money borrow, ed, Ac,

---

634 C. 62. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Expenditors, Collector or Collectors, would have had in case the said Principal Money and Interest had been regularly paid and satisfied.

[Regulations to prevent prejudicing Sandwich haven.]

---

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, and they are hereby authorised and reauired forthwith to cause to be placed, and always to be continued, in the said River Stour, within ten Yards of the upper End of the said Cut or Drain, a Standard-mark, which shall beat the Height of nine Feet above the present Bed of the River, in the Middle of the Channel thereof, taken at a Medium of ten Yards above and ten Yards below the Mouth or upper End of the said Cut or Drain; and that none of the Flood-gates, within the said Cut or Drain, shall, at any Time, be drawn up or opened, until the Water in the River Stour shall have risen over the Top of the said Standard; and that whenever the Water in the said River Stour shall be at or above that Height, the said Floodgates, or any one or more of them, may be opened at one Hour at the soonest after High-water at the lower End of the said Cut or Drain next the Haven 5 and the said Floodgates, or any of them, fa opened, shall and maybe so kept open for the Space of five Hours then next ensuing, and no longer, and so from Time to Time during each Ebb Tide whenever the Surface of the Water in the said River Stour shall be so above the said Standard-mark.

[When the Floodgates may be opened.]

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, at all Times hereafter, if, at the End of seven Hours, to be reckoned from the Time of High-water at the Mouth of the said Cut or Drain next the said Haven, the Water in the said River Stour shall then be above the said Standard*mark, all or any of the said Floodgates shall and maybe opened and drawn up at the then next Tide at the End of one Hour after High-water at the End of the said Cut or Drain next the Haven, and the said Floodgates shall and may be kept open and drawn up as aforesaid for the Space of five Hours then next following, and so from Time to Time the said Floodgates shall and may be opened and drawn up whenever the Water in the said River shall be above the said Standard-mark as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Commissioners to appoint a Person to manage the Floodgates, &c,

Penalty on Per-foot drawing up Floodgates, Sec, contrary to this

XX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Cut or Drain shall be made, and the said Floodgates finished and put down as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, and they are hereby required to appoint a proper Person to have the Direction and Management of the said Floodgates, and from Time to Time to remove or discharge such Person, and appoint another in his Stead; and shall order and diredfc such Person to take particular Care not to draw up, or to suffer the said Floodgates to be drawn up, until the Surface of the Water in the said River Stour, opposite the said Standard-mark, shall have arisen above the said Standard-mark directed to be placed in the said River as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall allow the Person, so to be appointed, such Salary for his Attendance and Trouble in his Office as they shall think fit: And if the Person appointed to have the Direction and Management of the said Floodgates, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall draw up or open the said Floodgates, or any or either of them, at any other Time or Times than herein before is directed, or shall keep them drawn up or opened longer than the Time herein before above prescribed, every such Person shall for every such Offence, being duly convicted thereof by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesss, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, as such Justice or Justices shall determine and in case such Penalty shall not be immediately paid down on Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months from the Time of such ConvuStion, or until such Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid shall be paid; which Penalty or Penalties, when recovered, shall be paid to the General Expenditor of the said Commissioners> to be by him employed in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall order and direct:

[Proviso.]

Provided nevertheless, That if the said Commissioners of Sewers shall make the said Cut or Drain at any other Place than at or near the Salt-works at Stonar aforesaid, such Standard-mark shall be placed down in the said River Stour above the said Cut, at the same Medium, and in such Manner, as it would have been if such Medium had been taken at ten Yards above and ten Yards below the Place where the said Cut is now intended to be made at or near the Salt-works at Stonar aforesaid.

[Penalty on causing Obstruction near the Mouth of the Drain.]

XXI. And, in order to keep the Channel at the Mouth of the said Cut or Drain free and open,' be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, or other Nuisance or Obstruction, shall be placed, moored, or laid, in the said Cut or Drain, or in Sandwich-haven, at the Mouth or Entrance of the said Cut or Drain, or within ten Yards below the same, or, being so placed, moored, or laid, shall not be immediately removed, on Notice to be given by any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners of Sewers for that Purpose; every Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and every other Person placing or continuing such Nuisance or Obstruction at the Mouth or Entrance of the said Cut or Drain, or within ten Yards below the same, after such Notice shall have been given to him or them to remove the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Ostence, to be paid, applied, and disposed of, as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall order and direct.

[Penalty on Performs wilfully destroying the Works.]

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, unlawfully and wilfully or maliciously cut, thiowdown, burn, or otherwise destroy, any Mill, Building, Sluice, Engine, or Floodgate, making and erecting, or to be made or erected, in pursuance of this Act, for the draining and improving of any of the Lands and Grounds within the said General Valiies, or the Bridge herein before directed to be built over the Cut or Drain intended to be made at or near the Salt-works at Stonar aforesaid, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty ot Felony, and shall be liable to be transported as a Felon, for any Time not exceeding seven Years; but the Court, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, may, in Mitigation of such Punishment, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 62. 635

Petit Larceny; and if any Person or Persons shall dig or make any Pond or Watering place in any of the said Lands and Grounds, within the Distance of fifty Feet of the fan! intended Cut or Drain at or near the Salt-works at Stouar aforesaid, otherwise than in pursuance of the lowers of this Act, or shall wilfully fstop, dam up, spoil, or damage, the intended Cut or Drain to be made at or near the Salt works at Stcnar, or the said Standard-mark, or any Dam, Heading, Bridge, Tunnel, or other Work, which shall be making or erecting, or made or erected, lor draining or improving the Lands and Grounds within the said General rallies in pursuance of this Act, or shall unlawfully, wantonly* or maliciously pull up or let down all, any, or either of the Floodgates to be made and put down within the said intended Cut or Drain; all and every Person and Persons offending in all, any, or either of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or mote of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent* or Mayor and Jurats of the Town and Port of Sandwich, or any one of them, for Crimes or Offences committed within their respective Jurisdiction, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending, shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners of Sewer* any Sum of Money not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the said Justice or Justices,

Mayor or Jurats, shall respectively adjudge and order; and the same shall be applied for such Purposes as

the said Commissioners of Sewers shall order and direct: And in case the same shall not be forthwith paid If* Penalties not

on Demand, or sufficient Security given for the Payment thereof, such Justice or Justices, Mayor or Ju- F1 frrmaad,

rats, shall commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the Eastern Parts of the said bt cfjmxlncd.*

County of Kent, or to the Common Gaol of Sandwich, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no- This kQt not thing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or impower the said Com- g,vc the Commissioners of Sewers to assess, rate, tax, or scot, any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises, r*"ep which they were not authorised or impowered to assess, rate, tax, or scot, by the general Laws of Sewers than for d°r«i?-befo:e :h passing of this Act, or to give any further or other Powers or Authorities to the said Commis- ing the c<o:ial sioners of Sewers than such as are and are by this Act meant and intended to be given to them for draining Valiia, an J improving the several Lands and Grounds as aforesaid within the said General Vallies by the Cut and' other Works authorised to be made, erected, or done, by virtue of this Act, and for building the said*

Bridge over the intended Cut or Drain as aforesaid, and for keeping the same from Time to Time in.

Repair.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeit- Penalties snd tires, by this Act imposed or inflicted, the Manner of Recovery whereof is not herein before particularly Forfeitures howr directed, shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of Sewers, who are hereby authorised and apl> w imp uv red from Time to Time to issue all such Warrants as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid:

And in case sufficient Distress shall not he found, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Sewers, by Warrant under th? ir Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, or Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, or until the faief Penalty shall be paid or compounded for; which Compoficion the said Commissioners of Sewers are hereby impowered to m ike and receive: And that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all Chmpofw tion-monies for the same, shall be paid into the Hands of the Expenditor or Expenditors of the Valley or Va.lies wheic the Lme shall arise or happen, to be by him applied towards casting, cleansing, or draining, the La? ds or Grounds within the same Valley or Vallies, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall order, direct, and appoint, agreeable to the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Distress notto*

Money to be raised or levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the wa»t

Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or

Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tiefpafler or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distr.nning; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Sati> action for the Special Damage, in an Action upon the Case: But that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

recover in any Action for any Irtcgularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient "ferr*

Amends shall be made, by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to, dV. of A-

be committed, any such irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; mends hath been and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant in any made, such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgment, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any Order, Persons

Judgment, or other Proceeding, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of this ed may appeal 10 Act, mav appeal to the Justices of the reace at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be ter

holden for the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent; or in case any such Complaint shall happen s within ten Days of any General or Quarter Session, then at the second General or Quarter Sessions after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; the Person or Persons so appealing nrft entering into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of some Justice of the Peace, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and pay the Ccfis- which shall be ascertained by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Session, in case such Order or Judgment shall be affirmed; and the said Justices, in their General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby, authorised and required to take Cognizance of all such

636 C. 63, 64. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

whose Determination shall be final.

Writings to be without Stamps,

Kxoencei of this Act how to be paid.

Limitation of Actionj.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

The Rate of

as. 6d. per Acre, to be af> felled for seven Ycaxs only.

Saving the Rights of the Commissionera of Sewers.

Saving the Rights of the Mayor, &c. of Sandwich in the Haven and Harbour of Sandwich.

Appeals, and to hear and determine the same, and give such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable, and to make such further Order therein as to them shall appear just; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but no Order or other Proceeding of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, had or made by virtue of this Act, shall be auashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Mortgage, Assignment, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, nor any Order, Nomination, Appointment, Contract, Agreement, Information, Conviction, Judgment, Warrant, or any other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, nor the Transfer of any Mortgage or Security, nor any Bond taken from any Officer or his Sureties for the due Execution of his Office, nor any other Writing whatsoever, concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be charged with any Stamp-duty,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and all Charges and Expences already incurred, or to be incurred, for or on account thereof, shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers out of the first Monies which shall be raised or received by them by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for an^ Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Sait shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in all such Actions and Suits shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in Replevin, justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and shall and may, at any Trial to be had thereupon, give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if A Verdict shall pass upon Demurrer, or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as in other Cases where Costs are awarded by Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Term of seven Years, to be computed from the Time of passing this Act, so much of this Act as authorises and impowers the said Commissioners of Sewers to assess, rate, tax, and scot, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within the said General Vallies in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre in any one Year as aforesaid, shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void: Provided nevertheless, That all the other Powers and Authorities hereby given, and all Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things, contained in this Act, shall at all Times thereafter be and remain in full Force and Effect.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed.to extend, to prejudice, lessen, alter, or take away any of the former or other Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities, of the said Commissioners of Sewers within the Limits of their Commission, by virtue of the general Laws relating to Sewers; but that the same shall remain, continue, and be in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had never been made.

XXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, Interest, or Jurisdiction, of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of Sandwich for the Time being, every or any of them, of, in, to, or over, the Haven and Harbour of Sandwich; but that the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and their Successors, and every of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy, all Royalties, Rights, Titles, Interests, Privileges, and Jurisdictions, in, to, and over, the said Haven and Harbour of Sandwich, or incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining thereto, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they, every, any or either of them, had, held, or enjoyed, or ought to have held and enjoyed, before the passing this Act, or in case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to interrupt or hinder the Execution of this Act.

---

[Public Act.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, Sheriffs, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of Manchester; and for opening new Streets or Passages within the said Town.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds called The Parts and Alderlots, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon.

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 65. 637

---

" Boundary of the Alderlott. Boundary of the Paris. Commissioners appointed. Owners of more than two Parts or Alderlots may appoint a Deputy for every two over and above. First Meeting of Commissioners. Annual Meetings to be held. Owners of Lands to be assessed 20l. an Acre every Year for the first four Years. Application of the Money. Tax payable half-yearly. Owners may pay the Tax for four Years at one Payment, &c. Tenants for Life may borrow Money for paying the Taxes \ 44 and mortgage the Lands for Security. After the first four Years, Rates not to exceed 6r. an Acre. Application of the Rates. Commissioners impowered, when the Rates shall be reduced to 6 s. an Acre, to borrow 800l.; and to assign the Rates as a Security. The Rate of 6 r. an Acre, to be continued as long as any Money shall be owing. Mortgages or Assignments to be numbered. Mortgages may be transferred. Tax of or an Acre to be chargeable with the Payment of Money borrowed, &c. No Money to be borrowed, unless five Commissioners present, &c. Expences of this Act how to be paid. Method of recovering Rates. If Owners of Goods distrained do not replevy them within five Days, they may be appraised and fold. Tenants to pay the Rates, and deduct the same out of their Rent. If Taxes are not paid within 30 Days after Demand, Defaulters to forfeit 2 d. for every Shilling in Arrear, &c. Commissioners may take Earth from adjoining Lands, to make and maintain Banks, &c. Commissioners may make or erect Drains, Mills, Bridges, &c. making Satisfaction for Damages. If Parties cannot agree on the Sum, Quarter Sessions to determine the same. Commissioners may alter Banks. Mills may be erected, &c. Mr. Dawes and Mr. Wright, &c. to be repaid what Money they have advanced, fio Tax to be paid for High Lands. Method of determining what are High Lands. Owners of Land within the Alderlots having no Mill, to drain by the Mills of the adjoining Lands, &c. Penalty of damaging Banks, Mills, &c. Penalty on damaging Drains, Wa*ercoui/G$. Bridges, &c. Penalty on carftefly setting fire to Banks in burning Fen Lands. Penalty on cutting Turfs within certain Distance from the Banks; or making Watering-places* or Soak-dykes, &c. Forfeitures to be paid to the Treasurer, or levied by Distress, &c. No Buildings, &c. to be erected, or Trees planted, within a certain Distance from the Banks. Penalties. Penalty on neglecting to scour Dykes, and to make them of proper Depths, &c. Penalty on digging Turf, without having purchased off the Taxes, &c. Mills and Engines to be infused against Fire. Commissioners may appoint Officers; and allow them Salaries. Officers to give Security. Inspection to be had annually of Receipts and Disbursements. Treasurer, &c. to attend with proper Accounts. Accounts, when passed, to be entered in two Books, &c. Officers to account upon Oath. If Officers refuse to account or to deliver Books, &c. they may be committed. Proceedings to be entered in a Book, &c. No Order to be reversed, unless a Majority consent thereto, &c. Commissioners who are Justices may act as such except where they shall be interfiled. Five Commissioners may hold a Meeting, &c. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, &c. Where Plaintiff recovers, to be paid full Cods. Plaintiff shall not recover after Tender of Amends has been made. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.; Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions; whose Determination shall be final. Proceeding* not to be quashed for want of Form* Actions may be brought in the Names of the Commissioners, or their Treasurer, &c. Writings exempted from Stamp Duties. Five Commissioners, where no particular Number is appointed, may execute this Act. Penalty on Persons acting.as Commissioners net being qualified. Three Days Notice to be given of Meetings. How Justices to proceed for Conviction of Offenders. Rights of the Corporation of Bedford Levels reserved. General Saving of Rights, except with respect to imbanking* &c."

CAP. LXV.

An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent to Bishop's Meadow within the Liberty of Garenton, in the County of Leicester; and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from thence, near or up, and into The Rushes, at Loughborough, in the said County.

Former Act, 6 Geo. III. c. 94, recited. Former Act, in Part, repealed. Names of the Undertakers for making the Navigation; who are united into a Company, and incorporated. Company may purchase Lands. General Powers of the Company: They may make new Trenches, &c.; build Dams, Locks, Bridges, &c.; make or alter Ways and Passages; dig Clay, Gravel, &c.; make Towing-paths, Banks, &c.; and contract with any Persons for necessary Works in the Execution of this Act. rowers of the former Act extended to this Act, except where repealed, &c. Company to provide Watering-places for Cattle; and to make Arches, Drains, &c. where necessary. Lands may be entered to take Surveys, &c. making Satisfaction for Damages. Bodies Politic, &c. impowered to sell and convey Lands, &c. Where Lands are separated, so as to render Occupation inconvenient, the Remainder may be sold or exchanged, with Consent of the Commissioners. Bodies Politic, &c. indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act. Contracts to be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace. of Rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed; who are to determine all Differences between Company of Proprietors, and Owners of Lands, Mills, &c. In case Parties refuse to submit to the Determination of the Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied therewith, &c. the Commissioners shall cause the Matters to be inquired into by a Jury. Jurymen may be challenged, and Witnesses examined. Jury to ascertain the Sums to be paid for Lands, &c. Value of Lands, &c. and Damages sustained, to be separated in Verdicts. Company to proceed with the Canal, where Land-owners refuse the Recompence offered j. who may apply to Commissioners, &c. Penalty on Sheriff, Coroner, &c. for Neglect of Duty. The Expence of Jury, &c. by whom to be borne. Persons requesting a Jury, to enter into Bond to prosecute. Commissioners not obliged to take Notice of Complaints till Application has been made to the Company, &c. Penalty on Persons giving false Evidence. On Payment or Tender of Purchase money, or Compensation, Premises to be vested in the Company; and may be immediately used for the Navigation.

638 C. 66. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Determinations and Verdicts to be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace; and deemed Records; and thereupon all Estate, Interest, &c. to be vested in the Company. Money paid to Corporations to be laid out by them in Purchase of other Estates; and in the mean Time to be placed out ac Interest. Commissioners to settle the Proportions of Money to be paid to the Tenants, &fc- On Default of Payment by the Company, Half the Duties to be liable; or the Money may be recovered at Law. In case Damages and Costs be not paid out of the Rates,* the Effects of the Company to be liable. If Rents and Sums of Money shall not be paid. Half the Rates to be liable; or Company may be sued at Law, tise. Penalty on Persons maliciously damaging the Works, Penalty for obstructing the Works. Lands, &c. purchased in pursuance of this Act vested in the Company. Monies, Materials, &c. vested in the Company. Company may raise 7,000l. amongst themselves for making the Navigation. Application of the Money. The Money subscribed to be divided into 70 Shares; which shall be deemed personal Estate. Proprietors to have a Vote for each Share, by Self or Proxy, as far as Seven Shares. If the aforesaid Sum be not sufficient, 3,000l. more may be subscribed; or Company may borrow the same, and assign the Navigation, &c. as a Security. Assignments to be entered in a Book. Assignments may be transferred. Transfers to be entered by the Clerk. Subscribers to be paid Interest-money in Preference to Dividends. Assignments to be considered as real Securities. Assignments not to confer the Right of voting. Interest of Money borrowed to be paid yearly; on Failure whereof Commissioners to appoint a Receiver of the Rates, fcfr. First General Assembly of Proprietors. A Committee to be chosen, to manage the Affairs of the Company for a Year, fffr. Committee to be under the Controul of General Assembly. Ten Proprietors may call an occasional General Meeting. The Committee to audit all Accounts of Disbursements: and to make Calls on the Proprietors; which shall be applied by the Committee. How the First Call may be recovered. Forfeitures on neglecting future Calls. No Advantage to be taken of Forfeitures, till declared at a General Assembly. Company may remove Committee-men, &c.; and make new Rules, Bye-laws, &c. Rules, Bye-laws, csV. under Seal of the Company, to be binding on all Parties. Provision for Payment of Calls on Shares of Persons who are dead or incapacitated. In case the deceased Owner does not leave Assets, other Persons may be admitted; paying to the Representatives the Sums theretofore advanced; or otherwise Company may (ell the ohare for the Benefit of the Representatives. Proprietors may fell their Shares. The Method of Sale, &c. Purchasers of Shares not entitled to vote, till they have been Proprietors six Months. Exception. Shares may be transferred. No Person to fell after Call made, till the Call is paid in List of Names and Places of Abode of Proprietors to be kept; for Inspection of Proprietors. The Clerk of the Company to attend Meetings of Commissioners, and enter their Proceedings in Books; which shall be admitted as Evidence. Books, fcfr. to be locked up in Boxes, and kept where the Company dire<Sh If Commissioners disapprove of the Clerk* Company to appoint another, &V. Rates of Tonnage. Rates may be sued for; or Goods or Vessels seized and detained, tsfe. Masters of Vessels to give Account of their Lading Penalty on Refusal, or giving false Account. All Persons may use the private Roads made by the Company, except Towing path*; also the Navigation, Wharfs* on certain Conditions. The Company to set up Gates, Bridges, If Fords spoiled, the Company to provide other Methods of Passage. In case any of the Works are damaged by Floods, the Company to repair the same immediately, &c. without any previous Treaty with Land-owners, on Account of Damage; making Compensation afterwards. Lords of Manors, or Land-owners, may provide Wharfs, on their own Lands. Rate of Wharfage to be taken by Land-owners. Names of the Owners of Vessels to be painted thereon. Vessels to be measured by the Company and marked Penalty on Owners for Refusal or Neglect. Commissioners to ascertain Distances for mooring Vessels. Millers, on receiving proper Notice, &c. are to draw up or shut down Cloughs when necessary for making the said Navigation, &c. or for the Passage of any Vessel; on Penalty of 2c/. Penalty on making Obstructions by placing Vessels. Vessels (unk to be weighed up forthwith. Penalty on floating Timber, or improperly loading Vessels. Commissioners not to where interested. Commissioners not to hold Places of Profit, or be otherwise interested in the Navigation. On Application of the Company, or Owners of Lands, &c. any three Commissioners may appoint a General Meeting. Commissioners may adjourn. All Meetings to be public, and Questions determined by a Majority. Three Commissioners may summon special Meetings upon Reaueft, for ascertaining Damages. No Meeting effectual, unless previous Notice given of the Time, Place, and Business to be done. Meetings of Commissioners to settle Controvernes to be held at Loughborough. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form. Damages done in getting Materials, tsfr. to be paid for as soon as may be after finishing the Works. When purchased Lands are mortgaged, Company may pay the Mortgage off, with Part of the Purchase money; Mortgagee to give a Receipt for the same."

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, within and from certain Lands, belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called Black Delphi, upon Pensnet-chace, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

Proprietors incorporated; and impowered to make a navigable Canal. Line of Canal described. Reservoirs to be made, and Fire-engines erected. General Powers of the Proprietor. Proprietors to do as little Damage as maybe, and to make Satisfaction for the same. Canal, &c. not to be extended within a Mile of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, tffc. Reservoirs not to be made in certain Places. Certain Waters not to be diverted for the Use of the Canal. Proprietors not to make use of any Water

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 66. 639

belonging to Birmingham Canal Navigation. Certain Waters that may be taken. Proprietors to crest a Flood Weir for conveying superiluous Water to the New Pool. Breadth of Canal, Use. reflri&ed, Proprietors may take Water from Mines; and make Reservoirs, Trenches, Use. Owners of Fire-engines, Use. to lift their Water into the Canal; the additional Expence whereof to be defrayed by the Company. Penalty on Owners of Fire-engines refusing or neglecting, after proper Notice. Bodies Politic, be. impowered to sell and convey Lands. Where Lands shall be separated into small Parcels by making the Canal, Bodies Politic, be. may sell the same. Bodies Politic, Use. indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this ACT Contracts, Use. to be inrolled by the Clerks of the Peace, and admitted as Evidence. Commissioners appointed; Commissioners Powers. If the Company of Proprietors, or Persons interested in Lands, be- shall refuse to submit to the Determination of Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied with the same, Use. a Jury to be impannelled. Jurymen may be challenged, and Witnesses examined. Verdict of Jury, and Judgment of Commissioners, shall be binding on all Persons. Sheriff or Coroner making Default, to forfeit to I. and Jurymen or Witnesses, $7. Expences of Juries by whom to be paid. Persons requeuing Juries to fenter into Bond to prosecute, be. Application relating to Damages to be made to Proprietors before Complaint to Commissioners. Penalty on giving false Evidence. Upon Payment or Tender of Monies agreed on, Use. Proprietors to enter on Lands, be. and make Canal. Verdicts, Judgments, Use. to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, and allowed good Evidence. On Payment of Money, and Entry of Verdicts, Use. Lands and Tenements to be vested in the Company of Proprietors Purchase-monies to be paid to Bodies Politic, Use. to be laid out to the same Uses; and, till such Purchases shall be made, to be placed out at Interest. f4 Commissioners to settle Proportion of Money to be paid to Persons interested. In Default of Payment of Damages, how they may be recovered. If Costs and Damages not paid within four Months, to be levied by Distress. Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in a Book. Commissioners may appoint a Clerk. Penalty on Persons damaging or destroying the Works. Proprietors may raise 7,000l. Application thereof. Money when raised to be divided into 70 Shares; which shall be deemed*. personal Estate. No one Person to have more than five Shares. Subscribers to be paid 5 per Cent, till the Works are completed Subscribers to have a Vote for each Share, either in Person or by Proxy. Proprietors may raise a farther Sum of 5000l. if necessary. New Subscribers to be eaually interested with the original ones. At what Times General Assemblies are to be held. At first Meeting a Committee of nine Proprietors to be chosen. Any five Proprietors may call a special Meeting. Committee subject to Controul of General Assembly, Use Company's Officers not to lerve on Committees. Books of Account to be kept, &c. If any General Assembly consists of less than 23 Shares, a new one to meet on that Day 3 Weeks Penalties on Absentees from second Meeting. Power of General Assemblies and Committees. Owners of Shares to pay their Proportions of Money called for, on Penalty of 5l. for every 100l. and if not paid within 2 Months, Shares to be forfeited. Shires not to be forfeited without personal Notice, Use. Treasurer to give Security. Security to be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace, Use General Assemblies may remove Committee Men, and Officers, and make Bye-laws. Offenders against Bye-laws, &c. may be fined not exceeding $ /. In case of Death of Subscriber, Executors, Use. may answer Calls, or in Default, Shares may be disposed of Purchasers to pay Executors, Use. the Sums paid by deceased Owners. Proprietors may sell their Shares: Mode, of doing it.

No Sale of Shares pending Calls. Proprietors to appoint a Clerk; who shall, in a Book, enter the Names and.Places of Abode of Proprietors, Use. who may inspect the same, at all convenient Times,v jgatis* Penalty on Clerk for Refusal. Proprietors impowered to take Rates, not exceeding 6 d. per Ton. If Rates not paid on Demand, Company may sue for the same; or Persons appointed to receive them may distrain Vessel or Goods Further Rates to be taken in certain cases. Certain Things exempted from the Rates; provided they do not pass through any Lock when the Water does not flow over the Lock-weir. Persons damaging the Canal, to make Satisfaction for the same. Proprietors may alter Rates from Time to Time. No Reduction of the Rates to take Place without Consent of the Commissioners. Masters of Boats, Use. to give an Account in Writing to the Collectors of Goods on Board. Penalty on not giving a true Account, Use. What to be deemed a Ton of Timber, Use. Collectors may weigh or measure Goods Who to pay the Expences of weighing, £5ic. Navigation to be free on Payment of Tolls. Proviso, relating to small Vessels. Owners of adjoining Lands may use Pleasure-boats. Company to make Drains, Use. for Lands adjoining; and Watering-places for Cattle. If Company neglect, after a Month's Notice, to make or cleanse Arches, Drains, Use. Occupiers of 4t Lands may do it; who shall be reimbursed by the Company Towing-paths to be fenced from the ad- joining Lands. Company not to make the Canal, or any Trench, Use. across any Highway, till they have made proper Bridges, Arches, Use. If Company neglect, for 3 Months after the Time appointed by the Commissioners, to separate the Towing-paths, or to erect Gates, Bridges, Use. Occupiers of adjacent Lands may do it; who shall be reimbursed by the Company. If Company make Default in Payment, the Charge to be levied by Distress, Use. In case of Company's Failure to repair Rails, Hedges, Use. Land-owners may do it; and may recover the Charges as before mentioned. Coals, Use. to be found in digging the Canal, may be taken by Proprietors of Lands. Soughs may be made to drain Mines, Use. Proprietors of Mines, Use. not to dig under any Tunnel, or within 20 Yards there- of, without Consent of Proprietors; nor to dig for Coal, Lime-stone, Use. within 12 Yards of the Canal, or Reservoirs* Method of working Mines under Canal, Use. Method of discovering when Mines are working contrary to this ACT How the Company to proceed in such Case. Owners of Mines lying under the Canal, Use. being desirous of working the same, mult apply to the Company for their Perrpiflion; who, if they refuse, must make Compensation to the Owners. If Parties cannot agtte, Commissioners or Jury to settle the Dispute. Owner^ of Coal-mines, Use. within 1,000 Yards of the Canal, may make Railways for conveying their Coals, Use, to the Canal, making Satisfaction for Damages.

640 C. 66. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

If Owners of Lands and Proprietors of Mines cannot agree, Commissioners to settle the Difference. Determination of the Commissioners subject to the Verdict of a Jury. Owners of Mines may make Cuts into the Canal, through their own Lands, under certain Restrictions. Lowermost Lock oil Canal, not to be of less Fall than 10 Feet. Owners of Land may erect Gates, Bridges, &c. Company restrained from erect ing or taking down Buildings, &c. except such as shall be on the Lands set out for the Navigation. Lords of Manors, or Land owners, may oroft Cranes, Warehouses, Cffc. on therr own Land; and receive the Rates that shall be paid for the same. If Lords of Manors, neglect to make such Erection*, &c, for 12 Months after receiving proper Notice, Proprietors may do it, making Satisfaction for the same. Rates for Wharfage. Company may erect Cranes and Weighing- machines on arry Wharf, if Owners refuse to erect the same. Weight of the Lading of Vessels to be marked, ard their Numbers affixed on the Sides thereof, on Penalty of 40l. Owners of Boats, &c. shall put their Names on the Outfiies thereof, and shall permit them to be measured, on Penalty of 40 s. Boatmaster or Owners to be answerable for Damages done by the Crew. Proper Places to be made for Boats to turn or lie in Penaky on Vessels lying to as to obstruct the Navigation. Vessels sunk in the Canal, to be weighed. Persons floating Timber, or overloading Vessels, &c. to forfeit $A Penalty on Persons throwing Ballast, &c. into the Canal. Regulation for Vessels passing the Locks. Offenders to forfeit 40l. each. Canal not to be under the rower of Commissioners of Sewers. If annual Rents, &c. are not paid within si Days after due, Commissioners may appoint a Person to receive the Rares, and pay the same; or otherwise Parties may distrain the Goods of the Company upon the Canal, Wharfs, &c. Reservation of Rights of Lords of Manors, &c. in relation to Mines, Minerals, and Quarries 5 and also in relation to the exclusive Right of Fishery. No Prejudice to be done to Canal, Towing-paths, &c. by fishing; and Company not to be accountable for Fish destroyed, Wr. Persons on Board having Nets, fcfr. not being qualified, to forfeit $ A Matters of Vessels permitting the same, to forfeit 5 A When Commissioners die, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Quarter Sessions, in certain cases, impowered to nominate new Commissioners. Commissioners not to act where interested. Their Qualification. Penalty on acting if not qualified. Commissioners to give 14 Days Notice of their Meetings. Commissioners not to act till they have taken an Oath. Commissioners who are Justices may act as such. No Commissioner to act as such while he possesses any Place of Profit, &c. How general Meetings of Commissioners are to be held. Duty of Commissioners when assembled. Special Meetings may be held for ascertaining Damages. All Meetings to be held within *4 2 Miles of the Canal, If Company neglect to make the Navigation for 10 Years, or disuse it for Years, Lands to be conveyed to their former Owners, &c. If Company refuse to convey them, on ravment or Tender of Consideration-Money, then to revert to and be vetted in their former Owners, &c. If Subscribers neglect to pay Subscriptions, Company may sue for the same. Expences of this Act how to be paid. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Writings to be without Stamps. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, fs'r. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form, &c. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions."

INDEX

[Index removed.]

