ADVERTISEMENT.

THE better to accommodate the Purchasers of this Work, the Proprietors, at the Request of many of the Subscribers, instead of concluding at the End of the Parliament 1761, as was at first proposed, have determined to continue it to the End of the last Sessions. The Ninth Volume therefore will contain the third and fourth Years of the present King, together with the Table, which will be very considerably enlarged. The Appendix, consisting of ancient and curious Statutes, some of which were never in Print before, will make a separate Volume.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE

From the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the SECOND

To the End of the Second Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private

Statutes during that Time.

VOLUME the EIGHTH.

LONDON:

Printed for Mark Basket, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and by the Assigns of Robert Basket;

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXIV.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

Containing

The TITLES of the ACTS from the thirtieth Year of the Reign of George II. to the third Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLICK ACTS

Anno 30 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch.

2. An Act to make Provision for the quartering of the Foreign Troops in his Majesty's Service now in this Kingdom.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and for discharging certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears for the future.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and concerning the Interest to be paid for Monies to be borrowed as well on the Credit of this Act, as on the Credit of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax.

5. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five Pounds and five Shillings, to be raised by Way of Lottery.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act to discontinue for a limited Time the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour, as have been or shall be taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

8. An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines.

9. An Act to prohibit for a limited Time the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, and other Victual (except Fish and Roots and Rice, to be exported to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre) from his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the said Colonies and Plantations; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland. in Neutral Ships; and to allow the Exportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Flour, from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there.

10. An Act to prohibit for a limited Time the making of Low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour.

11. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

12. An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture; and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other Manner than in Money.

13. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines.

14. An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been or shall be taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

15. An Act for continuing an Act of this present session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain; or from any Meal or Flour.

16. An Act to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain; and for repealing certain Clauses in the said Act.

17. An Act for the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk.

18. An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the captors of Prizes, with respect to the Bringing and Landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

19. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for applying from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sum of three millions, by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrasts of Clerks and Apprentices.

20. An Act more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

21. An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the fishery thereof.

22. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Westminsters, and Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned.

23. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, possession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servant, and Apprentices.

25. An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

26. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Moneys granted in this Session of Parliament for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Claud Johnson, with respect to a Bond entered into by him, for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

27. An Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

28. An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

29. An Act to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandise, upon certain Terms therein mentioned.

30. An Act for allowing a further Bounty on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery; giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery; for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the High Street in the said Borough.

32. An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk.

33. An Act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground and Water-newton in the county of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

34. An Act to enable the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockspur Street, to the Passage in Spring Garden, near Saint James's Park.

35. An Act for draining and preserving certain fen lands lying in the South Level, part of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the said great level, to sell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

36. An Act for draining and preserving certain fen lands, low grounds and commons in the townships or hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the parish of Upwell in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

37. An Act for enlarging the times limited for executing and performing several provisions, powers and directions in certain acts of this session of parliament.

38. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town of Tenbury in the counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford.

39. An Act for repairing and widening several roads leading to, thro’ and from the town of Frome in the county of Somerset; and for giving further powers to the trustees in an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the roads from the town of Warminster in the county of Wilts, to the city of Bath in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned.

40. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the third, and the other in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston Toll-gate at Bridgetown in the parish of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said county of Warwick; and also for repairing the road leading from the first mile-stone standing on the said Shipston road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucester.

41. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the turnpike road at Upper Combe, in the parish of Castlecombe, in the county of Wilts.

42. An Act for the ascertaining and collecting the poor’s rates; and for the better ordering and regulating the poor in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex.

43. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Hitchin in the county of Hertford, through the town of Shefford and Carrington Cotton End, to a lane opposite a farm house called Saint Leonard's, leading into the turnpike road from Saint Alban's, to the town of Bedford; and also the road from the turning-out of the aforesaid road into Henlow Field, to Gerford Bridge; and also the road from the town of Henlow, over Henlow Bridge, to Arlesey in the county of Bedford.

44. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road, leading from Burleigh Bridge in the the town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester.

45. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater; and from the town of Ware, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern in the said county.

46. An Act for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the parish of Corsham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath-Easton Bridge, in the county of Somerset.

47. An Act for making the river Blyth navigable from Halesworth Bridge, in the county of Suffolk, into the haven of Southwould.

48. An Act for repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverston and Bradley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

49. An Act for repairing and widening the road from Markfield turnpike, in the county of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Charnwood forest, through the town of Whitwick; and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

50. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the village of Milford, in the county of Surry, thro' Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Sussex.

51. An Act for explaining and amending several acts of parliament for repairing the roads between a place called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill and Wanford Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, and between Norman Cross Hill, in the said county, and the city of Peterborough, with respect to the elections of new trustees, the power of compelling persons employed by the trustees In the execution of such acts, to deliver up such books and papers relating thereto as are in their custody, and also to the manner of summoning and holding the meetings of the trustees.

52. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawsey, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford; and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the county of Northumberland; and for making the same more effectual.

53. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner in the town of Reading, leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton.

54. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several acts, passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the roads from a place called The Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliff, to the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York; and the other for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a place called Weeland, in the township of Hensall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the township of Darrington in the west riding of the county of York.

55. An Act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Ribble, between the townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a place called The Fish House, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

56. An Act for rebuilding and keeping in repair the shire hall of the county of Warwick.

57. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to certain roads mentioned in the said act; and also to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow; and to repair several other roads leading into the said city; and for building a bridge cross the river of Inchinnan.

58. An Act for enlarging the term, and amending and altering several powers granted by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the haven of Southwould, in the county of Suffolk.

59. An Act for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening, roads from thence into the great roads at Snaresbrook in the county of Essex, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

60. An Act for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapdon wharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guideford to Andrew's Crows, and to Alfold Bars in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate in Arundel, in the county of Sussex.

61. An Act for repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the county of Southampton.

62. An Act for making the river Ivel, and the branches thereof, navigable, from the river Ouze, at Tempsford, in the county of Bedford, to Shotling-Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill, in the parish of Hitchin, in the county of Hertford; and to Black Horse Mill, in the parish of Bygrave, in the said county of Hertford; and to the south and north bridges in the town of Shifford, in the said county of Bedford.

63. An Act for building a bridge or bridges cross the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite shore in the county of Surry.

64. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament of the first and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham, in the county of Worcester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said acts; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Worcester, Warwick, and Gloucester.

65. An Act for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the streets of the city of Bath, and liberties thereof; and for regulating chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated watch in the nighttime, in the said city and liberties; and to oblige all owners of houses, and other buildings, within the said city and liberties, to bring down the water from the roofs of their houses, and other buildings by proper pipes, down the sides or walls of such houses and buildings; and also to oblige all coal carriages to pass by the borough walls of the said city during the night season.

66. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the last session of parliament, For repairing and widening several reads leading from a gate called Poole Gate, in the town and county of Poole.

67. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingsdown Hill and the city of Bath, and for amending several other highways therein mentioned, leading to the said city; and also for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the county of Northampton, adjoining the high road there.

69. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mold, to Northopp, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferry House opposite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mold.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 30 Georgii II.

1. An Act to enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the til Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Coghill, pursuant to the Will of Marmaduke Coghill Esquire, deceased, and to bear the Family Arms of Coghill.

2. An Act to enable the Reverend Thomas Collier Clerk, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Barnard.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Durand, and Bartholomew Rilliet.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Falwasser.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Greens, in the Manor and Parish of Prior's Hardwick, in the County of Warwick.

6. An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Meadows and Pastures, within the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Southampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of Burcheter, otherwise Burcester, otherwise Bissiter Market End, in the County of Oxford, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Common Meadows, Common Pastures and enclosed Grounds, in the said Township.

8. An Act for confirming and establishing two several Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing Northwood Hanchurch Heath, and Toft Green, in the Manor and Parish of Trentharn, in the County of Stafford.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Gound, called Whitgift Pasture, in the County of York; and for giving a Compensation in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory of Whitgift aforesaid.

10. An Act for varying and postponing certain Limitations in a Grant made by King Charles the Second, of a Duty on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox; and for enabling the present Duke of Richmond, Lenox and Aubigny, to make a Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce.

11. An Act for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the Right Honourable Ann Fitzroy, commonly called Countess of Euston, Wife of the Right Honourable Augustus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Euston, out of certain yearly Pensions issuing out of the Hereditary Revenue of the Excise, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the two and twentieth Day of October in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage with the said Right Honourable Augustus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Euston.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate and Interest late of Robert Cheatham Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament, for maintaining a light house on the Edystone Rock, in Trustees, in Trust to raise Money to be applied towards rebuilding the said light house.

13. An Act to empower the Warden and Society of The King's Town, of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, to grant Part of a Common called Sutton Coldfield Park, unto Simon Luttrell Esquire, and his Heirs.

14. An Act to enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys Esquire, a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Estate for the Time being, to make Leases of the Parts and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of diverse Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, devised by the Will of Sir William Maurice, deceased, during the Continuance of the said lunatick's Interest therein.

15. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of Stragglethorpe, within the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish, for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in Stragglethorpe aforesaid.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common, Open and Arable Fields and Waste Grounds, in Earlstone, in the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands within the Township of Piddington, in the County of Oxford.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Pastures and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Wingerworth, and in the Hamlet of Tupton, in the Parish of North Wingfield respectively, in the County of Derby.

19. An Act to enable Thomas Turner Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Payler.

20. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Thompsons.

21. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments lying nearer to his Estate in the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester and Warwick to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned.

22. An Act for discharging John Lord Trevor, Executor of Thomas Lord Trevor, deceased, from the Sum of eight thousand and eight hundred Pounds, agreed by the said Thomas Lord Trevor, to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, and for confirming the Application made by the said John Lord Trevor, of the said eight thousand and eight hundred Pounds, towards the discharge of the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, charged on the Manor of Bromham, and other the Estates late of the said Thomas Lord Trevor, in the County of Bedford.

23. An Act for impowering the Guardians of Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour, and Thomas Arundell his Brother, both Infants, to make Leases and of Grants of their several Estates, during their respective Minorities,

24. An Act for impowering Henry Viscount Irwin, George Ingram his Brother, and Charles Ingram, his Nephew, to settle Part of the said Viscount Irwin's Estate, upon the Marriage of the said Charles Irwin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for regulating and improving certain Benefactions vested in the Rector and principal professors and Masters of the University and College of Glasgow.

26. An Act to empower Sir John Shaw Baronet, to make a Partition, during the Minority of John Shaw, his Infant Son, of certain Premises devised to him by the Will of Dame Anna Maria Shaw Widow, deceased.

27. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of George Chafin the elder, and George Chafin the younger, Esquires; in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, for Payment of their Debts; and for rendering a Power in a certain Settlement therein mentioned, for making Jointures more effectual; and for other Purposes.

28. An Act for vesting certain Tythes and hereditaments in the Isle of Wight, the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Bagster Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for confirming the Title of William Welby Esquire, to certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, purchased of Francis Fysher Esquire; and for vesting and settling other Estates of the said Francis Fysher, in the said County, upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act to enable Lilias Montgomerie of Skehnorly, to sell Lands in the County of Renfrew; and to lay out the Moneys arising thereby, in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the County of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for enabling Mary Hearle Widow, Thomas Hearle Clerk, and John Rogers Esquire, Guardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hearle, Infants, to make Leases of several Estates in the County of Cornwall, and also Sets and Leases of the Mines therein; and to carry on Adventures during the Minority of the said Infants.

32. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, for the dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and Common or Waste, in the Township of Bishopthorpe, in the County of the City of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolfhampcote, in the County of Warwick.

34. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Town Fields of West Matsen, and a small Common or Waste Ground thereto adjoining, in the County of Northumberland.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Pryors Marston in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of Fulford in the County of York.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Common Ground in the Manor of Strenfall in the County of York, and for giving Compensation to the Prebendary of Strenfall aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenfall, in lieu of their respective Tythes and Ecclesiastical Dues out of the said Parcel of Ground.

38. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Common Grounds in Pocklington in the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise Bishop Thornton moor stinted Pasture, or Common, within the Manor of Bishop Thornton, with Bishopside in the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and Arable Meadow and Pasture Grounds in the Parish of Loxley in the County of Warwick.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Grounds and Meadows in the Manor and parish of Baumber, otherwise Bamburgh in the County of Lincoln.

42. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Charles Hope Weir Esquire, with Ann Vane his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Nuthall Gentleman, with Lucy Scott his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Durade.

45. An Act to ascertain, establish and confirm the Boundaries of the Manors and Parishes of North Mims and Northaw, so far as the same extends to and upon the several Commons called North Mims and Northaw Common in the County of Hertford.

46. An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey the Manor of Blacktoft, and diverse Lands and Tenements in the County of York; and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

47. An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles Ward, an Infant, to sell and convey Part of his Estate in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement with the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brook; and for applying the purchase money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the same.

48. An Act for carrying into Execution Articles of Agreement, entered into before, and in Consideration of the Marriage of Crisp Molineux Esquire, with Katharine Montgomery his now Wife.

49. An Act for vesting the settled estates of Lillie Smith Aynscomeb Esquire, and Valentina his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such sale, in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

50. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Henry Clivers Vince Esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances directed to be paid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery.

51. An Act for vesting diverse Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Real Estate late of George Davison deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers or Mortgagees thereof, or unto such other Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall direct.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morton Morrel in the County of Warwick.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Wastes, and also several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds lying within the Manor of Wimeswould in the County of Leicester.

54. An Act for confirming a Partition between William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Catherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surry, Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London, and for vesting and settling the entire Premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned.

55. An Act to impower Elizabeth, the Wife of Henry Thomas Carr Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum of three thousand Pounds, towards the Payment of the said lunatick's Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of William Thompson Esquire, in the County of Berks, to raise Money towards discharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Estates in the same County.

57. An Act for impowering the Receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs to release and discharge the Estate and effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy against them, of a Sum of Money therein mentioned.

58. An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now called Samuel Dodington, and his Heirs Male, to take and use, in Exchange for his and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodington, pursuant to the Will of George Dodington Esquire, deceased.

59. An Act to enable James Newsam Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Graggs.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 31 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for continuing certain Laws made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, biscuit and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of Low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Ships; and to authorise his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the Sustentation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty's Allies acting in Support of the Common Cause; and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities to be made during the Continuance of this Act.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

3. An Act for allowing the Importation of such Fine Italian Organzine Silk into this Kingdom from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Day therein mentioned.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand.

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; and for rectifying a Mistake in the said Act; and for allowing farther Time to the Receivers of certain Aids, for setting insuper for Moneys in Arrear.

8. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent.

9. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes, and the filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

10. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy; and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

11. An Act to amend an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation, and supplying the defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Settlement by Indenture; and also to empower Justices of the Peace to determine Differences between Masters and Mistresses and their Servants in Husbandry, touching their Wages, though such Servants are hired for less Time than a Year.

12. An Act to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain axwed England, by ascertaining the Tithe thereof there.

13. An Act for allowing a further Time for holding the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts made in the last Session of Parliament.

14. An Act for further explaining the Laws touching the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

15. An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal.

16. An Act to enforce and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future.

17. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nusances and other Offences within the said City and Liberty.

18. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

19. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

20. An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament for rebuilding London Bridge; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen and inlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge.

21. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties.

23. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton in the County of Surry.

24. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof.

25. An Act for establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn and Grain within the City or Liberty of Westminster.

26. An Act to explain, amend and inforce an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

27. An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, to restrain the making Insurances on Foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies.

28. An Act to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland, for a limited Time.

29. An Act for the due making of Bread; and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread.

30. An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and clothing for the militia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for defraying the expences incurred on Account of the Militia, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

31. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for impowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; for obliging the Retailers of Wines, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence.

32. An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed or marked in Great Britain; and for granting a Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate.

33. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

34. An Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Incouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and for preventing the Stealing or Destroying of Madder Roots.

36. An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and to the Incouragement of the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Foreign Exciseable Liquors; and for the Relief of Thomas Watson, with regard to the Drawback on certain East Indian Calicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new Passage leading from Charing Cross.

37. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt now lying in his Majesty's Storehouses; and to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt as was shipped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited Time; and to authorise the Transportation of Flour, Meal, Bread and Biscuit, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the Wheat, Malt or Barley, which may now, by Law, be transported to those Islands.

38. An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke.

39. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act to ascertain the Weight of Trusses of Straw, and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw in Trustes in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of thirty Miles thereof; and to prevent common Salesmen of Hay and Straw from buying the same on their own Account to sell again; and also to restrain Salesmen, Brokers, or Factors in Cattle, from buying on their own Account to sell again, any Live Cattle in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or which are driving up thereto.

41. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for inclosing by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

42. An Act for making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; also two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Canal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases; or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks; and also so much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cases in Scotland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 31 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis Esquire, and Thomas Potter Esquire, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver-general and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Injoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for transferring certain South Sea Annuities, standing in the Name of the late Treasurer to the Commissioners for building fifty new Churches, unto the respective Rectors of eight of those Churches, and for vesting certain Sites for Churches purchased by the said Commissioners, in Trustees, in order to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act to enable George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker of London, Merchants, Agents for the Embden East India Company, to sell and dispose of the Cargo of the Ship the Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to enable the said United Company to purchase, land, sell and dispose of the same, or any Part thereof; and to empower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker, to make Insurances upon the said Ship and Cargo.

4. An Act to enable Mary Woollett Spinster (notwithstanding her Infancy) upon her Marriage with Robert Mead Wilmot Esquire, to settle and convey her Estate and Interest in certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, and in two several Sums of two thousand Pounds, and three hundred Pounds, to the Uses in certain Articles of Agreement mentioned.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Godfrey Wentworth Esquire, with Dorothea Pilkington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or Commons called Brancepeth, and Stockley Moors or Commons, within the Manor and Parish of Brancepeth in the County of Durham.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen in the County of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds within the same Fields.

8. An Act for naturalizing George Clifford.

9. An Act for vesting the Forests and Manors of Singleton and Charlton, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Sussex and Wilts, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the Estates, Uses and Trusts, to which the same are at present subject; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

10. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Moors and Commons within the Chapelry of Hamsterly, in the Manor of Walsingham in the County of Durham.

11. An Act for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines between Charles Duke of Queensbury and Dover, of the one Part; and Ronald Crawfurd, James Crawfurd, and Daniel Telfer, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contract.

12. An Act to enable John Earl of Egment, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to raise Money for purchasing Lands in Great Britain, for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement by Mortgage, instead of Sale of Part of his Irish Estate.

13. An Act for selling divers Lands and Tenements, and Shares of Lands and Tenements, in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Mary Countess of Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton respectively, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof.

14. An Act to enable Sir Maurice Crosbie Knight, or any future Guardian of Francis Thomas Earl of Kerry and Lixnaw, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Minor, to discharge an Incumbrance on certain Collieries and Coal Mines in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of the said Earl.

15. An Act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by or on Behalf of James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his lifetime, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Anglesey; for applying the purchase money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

16. An Act for settling the several Charities of the Hospital and Free School at Kirkleatham in the County of York, of the Foundation of Sir William Turner Knight, deceased, and the Possessions and Revenues thereunto belonging, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleatham aforesaid, Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act to enable Charles Bagot, now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned into Execution.

18. An Act for vesting in William Read Esquire, and his Heirs, several intailed Estates in the County of York, in order that the same may be sold; and for the settling another Estate in the said County of York to the like Uses.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, settled on the Marriage of William Norris Esquire, in the said William Norris, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

20. An Act to vest Part of the settled Estate of Penyston Powney Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in Real Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

21. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Foster Tuffnell Esquire, with Elizabeth Foster his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Wagon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York, with Coals.

23. An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several open and common Fields in Ottringham, in the County of York.

24. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields, common Meadow, Commons and waste Grounds, in the townships of Brampton and Sawden, in the Parish of Brompton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

25. An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing two stinted pastures or Commons called Settle Banks, High Scarr, and Scaleber within the Township of Settle, in the County of York.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing Newton Moor or Newton Common, within the Manor of Newton cum Benninbrough, in the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common and open Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows common Pieces, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Township of Geydon, in the Parish of Bishop's Itchington, in the County of Warwick.

28. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fields, Meadow Grounds, and common Pastures, in the Manor and Township of Skirpenbeck, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields called Northleigh Common Fields, and a Common or Waste called Northleigh Heath, within the Parish or Township of Northleigh, in the County of Oxford.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Heaths, and waste Ground, of Upper Boddington, and Lower Boddington, within the Parish of Upper Boddington, in the County of Northampton, and for settling a Rate or certain annual Sum of Money to be paid in lieu of the Tythes of certain old Enclosures within the said Parish.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Woodford, otherwise Half Woodford, in the County of Northampton.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and Arable Fields, and common Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Hareby, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields, common Meadows, common Ground, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Helmdon, in the County of Northampton.

34. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields within the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick; and also for erecting and working one or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields, in the Hamlet, Township, or Village of Upton, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks.

36. An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the open common Fields in the Parish of Edithweston, in the County of Rutland.

37. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanque, and Nicholas Baptist Aubert.

38. An Act for naturalizing John Baptist D'abbadie.

39. An Act for separating Lawrence Earl Ferrers from Mary Countess Ferrers his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl and for settling a Maintenance for the said Countess, our of the Estate of the said Earl.

40. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

41. An Act for Sale of the Estates of Marmaduke Gwynne Esquire, in the County of Pembroke, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An Act for naturalizing John Knight.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 32 Georgii II.

1. AN act to continue for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland, for a limited Time, and to amend the said Act.

2. An Act to continue for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch; and also to continue for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army in their Quarters.

6. An Act to explain and Amend an Act passed in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christchurch, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to such Part of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the said County, as is not included in the said Act.

7. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

8. An Act for taking off the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

9. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and an additional inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, and for raising the Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional Inland Duty.

11. An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland for a limited Time.

12. An Act to discontinue for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

13. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon.

14. An Act for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for and paying of Post Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under the Crown; and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the same.

15. An Act for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

16. An Act to continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to prevent putting of Rubbish, Ashes, Dirt, or Soil, into the said River, and in the Streets, passages, and Kennells, in London, and in the Suburbs thereof in Middlesex, and in Westminster, and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as is in Middlesex, and for allowing a certain Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, to be yearly shipped as Ballast from the Laystalls in London on Board any Collier or Coasting Vessel.

17. An Act for obviating a Doubt with respect to the summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise.

18. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the nineteenth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the due Making of Bread; and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread.

19. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some Provisions with regard to Licences for retailing Wine; and to preserve the Privileges of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, with respect to Licences for retailing Wine.

20. An Act for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia; and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences attending or which may attend the same.

21. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

22. An Act for adding certain Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the Joint Stock of three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on single Lives, granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, on the Produce of the said Fund.

23. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandise exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices or Servants; and also for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys or Sollicitors, and filing thereof.

24. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duty granted by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in small Quantities without Licence; and by granting a Duty instead of the Duty now payable upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold or Silver Plate; and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver.

25. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy; and for the better Prevention of Piracies and Robberies by Crews of private Ships of War.

26. An Act for applying a sum of money granted in this Session of Parliament towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke; and to amend and render more effectual an Act of last Session of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money towards fortifying the said Harbour.

27. An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

28. An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

29. An Act for further regulating the Power of taking Samples of Foreign Spirituous Liquors by the Officers of Excise; also for impowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged.

30. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and for Relief of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a Bond entered into by him for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported.

32. An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

33. An Act to explain and amend an act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duiies upon Offices and Pensions; and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five millions by Annuities and a Lottery to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions.

34. An Act for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of France into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any of his Majesty's subjects and for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn into this Kingdom.

35. An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland and Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales.

36. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 32 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ecton, in the County of Northampton.

2. An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Worsley Mill, and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worsley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable, Meadow, Pasture and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Honington, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Bentley and Arksey, and Parish of Arksey, in the County of York.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Meadows, common Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Staunton, in the County of Nottingham.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open, arable, Meadow, Pasture, and waste Grounds, in the Parish of Preston upon Stower, in the County of Gloucester.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields in Great Glen, in the County of Leicester, called the Nether or South End Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing several common Fields and Grounds within the Manor of Fillingham, in the County of Lincoln.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, and common Ground, within (he Manor and Parish of Willoughby, in the County of Warwick.

10. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Cooke Esquire, with Susannah Cooper his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act to enable Christopher Codrington Esquire, now called Christopher Bethell, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Bethell, pursuant to the Will of Slingsby Bethell Esquire deceased.

12. An Act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Bootle, unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle Esquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham, and Mary Wilbraham Bootle his Wife, and their Issue, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Bootle Knight, deceased.

13. An Act to enable Thomas Peckham Esquire and his Issue to take and use the Surname of Fowle.

14. An Act to enable John Coant Gentleman, and his if fuc to take and use the Surname of Wakelin.

15. An Act for naturalizing Casper Schombart, John Spitta, Gysbert Van Voorst, Frederick de Chevrigny, Conrad Harksen, Christopher Strothoff, and Jasper Laurence Richter.

16. An Act for naturalizing Thomas Pecholier, Peter Harrison, and Samuel Bernard Graff.

17. An Act for naturalizing Phillippus Willem Cassimir Van Straubenzee Esquire.

18. An Act for exemplifying or inrolling an Indenture of Settlement, and the Will and Codicils of the late Earl of Arran deceased, and making the same Evidence as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing one open and common Field called Neithrop Field, and several Parcels of Land called Bull's Close, the Hooks Common, Balkes Leys, White Post, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March Causeways, and Ley, within the Township and Liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and in the Parish of Bambury, in the County of Oxford.

20. An Act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement for the inclosing and dividing certain Commons or Waste Grounds called Redness and Swinefleet Pastures, in the County of York.

21. An Act for vesting diverse Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devised by the Will of Evelyn late Duke of Kingston, in the present Duke of Kingston, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

22. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between the most Noble John Duke of Bedford, and Ambrose Reddall Gentleman, Judy his Wife, and Elizabeth their only Child.

23. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates intailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the like Uses; and for impowering the Guardian and Trustees named in the said Will, to make Leases of the said duke's Estates, in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children.

24. An Act for settling the Real and Leasehold Estates of the most Honourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called Marchioness of Carnarvon, Wife of the most Honourable James Brydges Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, and late Margaret Nicoll, Spinster, an Infant, for the Benefit of the said Marquis and Marchioness, and their Issue; for applying Part of the personal Estate of the said Marchioness for the Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for empowering Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, and Barbara Countess of Powis, to make Leases of the Estate late of William Marquis of Poivis, deceased, in the County of Montgomery, for twenty-one Years, or three Lives, at the improved Rent.

26. An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late Lord Onslow, and for settling and limiting the same, for the Benefit of the several persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement and Will respectively; and also for selling and disposing of Timber growing on the Estate devised, by his Will, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for raising Money out of the Personal Estate of the late Duchess of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased to renew a lease of certain Manors and Estates in the County of York, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act to enable William Walley and others to sell and convey three undivided fourth Parts of a Messuage or Farm, and several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, lying in or near the Parish of Hays, in the County of Kent, unto the Right Honourable William Pitt, in Fee Simple, and for investing the Purchase money in other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses and Estates, as the said three undivided fourth Parts are now subject to; and to enable the Trustees named in the Will of William Cleaver the Elder, deceased, to convey certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parish of Hayes aforesaid, Part of the Estate devised by the Will and Codicil of said William Cleaver, unto the said William Pitt, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for Part of the said first mentioned Lands.

29. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bagot now called Charles Chester, and his Sons, to take the Surname of Chester, and for carrying an Agreement therein mentioned, into Execution; and for explaining and altering that Agreement, and giving better Directions for the carrying the same, so explained and altered into Execution.

30. An Act for carrying into Execution the Articles made on the Marriage of Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, with Dame Anne his Wife, by a Settlement to be made with, and under certain Variations and Provisions beneficial for the issue of the said Marriage.

31. An Act to empower the Honourable Edward Bouverie and William Bouverie, respectively, to make Leases of Chester's Key and Brewer's Key, and other Tenements and Buildings in the City of London, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge Esquires, deceased.

32. An Act to empower certain Persons to enfranchise several customary Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the several Manors of Nicol Forest, Solport and Bewcastle, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estates of the Honourable Catherine Widrington Widow, deceased, directed to be settled to certain Uses, by the Will and Codicil of the said Catherine Widrington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for transferring to the Guardians of Charles William Molyneux, an Infant, a certain Power of Leasing, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Richard late Lord Viscount Molyneux deceased, during the Minority, and for the Benefit of the said Infant.

34. An Act to exchange Lands between Samuel Wegg Esquire, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of London.

35. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, settled and entailed on Denys Roll Esquire, and his Issue, in him, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses,

36. An Act for vesting the Manor of Duxford, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cambridge, Part of the settled Estate of James Barry Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop Esquire, pursuant to Articles, and for settling other Estates in the County of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses of their Marriage Articles.

37. An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of John Caryll Esquire in the County of Sussex, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

38. An Act to empower William Warburton Esquire, to make Leases of Part of his settled Estate in Malvern Chase, for ninety-nine Years, in order for the cultivating and improving of the same.

39. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Thomas Buckley Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the same, prior to his Marriage Settlement.

40. An Act for giving further Time to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and by an Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protestant Purchasers.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, called Little Barrington Common Fields, and a Common or Waste called The Downs, within the Manor of Little Barrington, in the County of Gloucester.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Hoton, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and grounds within the same Fields.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable Fields, Open Meadows, and Common Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Sileby, in the County of Leicester.

45. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Harmston, in the County of Lincoln.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Everton, in the County of Nottingham.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Breeden, Tonge and Wilson, in the Manor of Breedon, and County of Leicester, and certain Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the respective Liberties thereof.

48. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common, Fields, in the Manor of East Cotham, in the County of York, and extinguishing the Right of Warren of the Lord of the said Manor in Part of a Tract of Ground called the Sea Batts or Coney Warren, in East Cotham aforesaid.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Pasture and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Thistleton, in the County of Rutland.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Slapton, in the County of Northampton.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Oadby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Common and Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Burstall, in the Parish of Belgrade, in the County of Leicester.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Desford, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands and Grounds therein, and also such Lands, in the Lordship of Peckleton, in the said County, as lie open to said Fields.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor or Lordship of Barton, otherwise Barton in Fabis, in the several Parishes of Barton and Clifton, in the County of Nottingham.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Township of Bolton upon Dearne, in the County of York.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open, Arabic Fields, in the Manor of Bishops Waltham, in the County of Southampton.

58. An Act to enable Arthur Hill Esquire, and Arthur his Son, and their Issue Male, to take the Name and Arms of Trevor.

59. An Act to enable Robert Dobyns Esquire, now called Robert Tate, and his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Yate, in pursuance of the Will of Walter Yate Esquire, deceased.

60. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Suhring, and John Henry Suhring.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 33 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

2. An Act to enable his Majesty's Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, or Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the militia, notwithstanding any Suspension of the same; and for other Purposes relating to the said Laws.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

4. An Act to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Parley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran.

5. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of failed Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt, and for raising the Sum of eight millions by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders and other Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

8. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Relanding or Importation thereof.

10. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder, and all Buildings thereto belonging, situate near Greenwich, in the County of Kent; and erecting, instead thereof, a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex; and applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards those Purposes; and for obviating Difficulties arisen upon an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments purchased for his Majesty's Service at Portsmouth, Chatham and Plymouth.

12. An Act for adding certain Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the Joint Stock of three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth and thirty second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for cancelling such Lottery Tickets as were made forth in pursuance of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and were not disposed of.

13. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

14. An Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

15. An Act for rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more easy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the same; and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.

16. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written and printed in Great Britain; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys or Sollicitors, and filing thereof.

17. An Act to continue an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

18. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

19. An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Moneys as were appropriated to the use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy.

20. An Act to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to sit in the House of Commons.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

22. An Act for limiting, confining and better regulating the Payment of the weekly Allowances made by Act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, embodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for explaining so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as relates to the Militia when embodied and in actual Service; and for explaining and amending certain Parts of the Laws now in Force, for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called England.

23. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and towards Naval Services, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

24. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia for one Year, ending the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for explaining certain Parts of the Acts for the better ordering of the Militia Forces within that Part of Great Britain called England, relating to the Money to be given to private Militia Men, upon their being ordered out into actual Service; and, to the Cloaths of private Militia Men; and to the Time of the Commencement of the Pay of the embodied Militia.

25. An Act for continuing certain Laws relating to the additional Number of one hundred Hackney Chairs, and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

26. An Act for reviving and continuing so much of an Act made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, the Highlands of Scotland, and also for continuing two other Acts, one made in the nineteenth Year and the other made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and for securing the Peace thereof.

27. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, concerning a Free Market for Fish at Westminster, as requires Fishermen to enter their Fishing Vessels at the Office of the Searcher of the Customs at Gravesend; and to regulate the Sale of Fish at the first hand in the Fish Markets in London and Westminster; and to prevent Salesmen of Fish buying Fish to sell again on their own Account; and to allow Bret and Turbot, Brill and Pearl, although under the respective Dimensions mentioned in a former Act to be imported and sold; and to punish Persons who shall take or sell any Spawn, Brood or Fry of Fish, unsizeable Fish, or Fish out of Season, or Smelts under the Size of five Inches; and for other Purposes.

28. An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Melasses.

29. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

30. An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for regulating the Proceedings in Personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby.

32. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earswell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Land.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 33 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Paul Amsinck the younger and Helwig Lewis Tonnies.

2. An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from or near Worsley Mill, over the River Irwell, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to, or near, Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County.

3. An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver-general, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter-House, to grant Building, or other Leases of some Parts of the Estates of the said Hospital, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the County of Middlesex, for such terms of Years as are therein mentioned,

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township and Liberties of Sulgrave, in the County of Northampton.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Mackworth in the County of Derby.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in Marston Saint Lawrence in the County of Northampton.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and open Fields, in the Parish of Hoby in the County of Leicester.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the Rights of Common or Shackage in the said Common Fields, and certain other Lands in the said Parish, called Half-year Closes.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Somerby in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Barford in the County of Warwick.

12. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Moor, or Common, called Hunwick Edge, in the Manor of Bondgate and County of Durham.

13. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Exuperius Turner Esquire, with Elizabeth Louisa, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Mark Goodflesh Gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act to enable James Hammet Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hamlyn only.

16. An Act to enable Henry Stoffold, and Robert Stoffold, Gentlemen, now called Henry Austen, and Robert Austen, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and Arms, of Austen, instead of their own Surname and Arms, pursuant to the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act to qualify and enable Samuel Hallet Esquire, now called Samuel Farewell, and his Heirs, to use and take in Exchange for his and their own Surname, the Surname of Farewell, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Farwell Esquire, deceased.

18. An Act to enable Thomas Lewis Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloyd Esquire, deceased.

19. An Act for naturalizing Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Battier, Christopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernst, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Samuel Henry Duveluz.

20. An Act for naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer, Wife of Richard Spencer Esquire.

21. An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand six hundred and eighty one, entitled, Act Anent the Salmond Fishing in the Water of Nyth.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Constablery of Owston in the West Riding of the County of York,

23. An Act for inclosing diverse Parcels of Waste Grounds, or Commons, in Longton in the County of Lancaster, and for injoying Part thereof as a stinted Pasture, until the Inclosure of the same.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or open Piece of Waste Ground, in the Parish or Township of Harthill, with Woodhall in the County of York.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship and Liberty of Seagrave in the County of Leicester.

26. An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadow and Common Pasture Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hawksworth in the County of Nottingham.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manors of Ugglebarnby and Eskdaleside in the Parish of Whitby and County of York.

28. An Act for dividing and allotting certain open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and Commons, in the Township of Hayton in the County of Nottingham.

29. An Act for selling Part of the settled Estate of Smart Lethieullier Esquire in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

30. An Act for vesting the Inheritance of certain Estates in the County of Northampton, Part of the intailed Estate of John Freeman Esquire, in him, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lieu thereof.

31. An Act to enable John Coopey, Doctor of Physic, and Humphry Brent Coopey, his Brother, and their Issue Male respectively, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Brent, pursuant to the Will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire.

32. An Act for naturalizing Rene Cornabe, and John Daniel Lucadou.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open and Common Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barrow upon Soar in the County of Leicester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Adwicke in the Street in the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Hamlet and Liberties of West Farndon in the Parish of Woodford, otherwise Half Woodford in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Southam in the County of Warwick.

37. An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields in the Parish of Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester.

38. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture Grounds, within the Parish of Folkesworth in the County of Huntingdon.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Broughton Sulney in the County of Nottingham.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields of Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock in the County of Nottingham, and all the Lands and Grounds within the said open Fields.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Common, in the Township of Ardsley and Parish of Darfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Hinckley, in the County of Leicestfer.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields, Commons, or Wastes, and Common Meadow Grounds, within the Manor and Soke of Catton, in the County of York.

44. An Act for the inclosing and dividing diverse Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying, and being in the several Townships of Walton on the Hill, and Fazakerley, in the Parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and County Palatine of Lancaster.

45. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Common and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Aspley Guise in the County of Bedford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, Meadows, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Coddington in the County of Nottingham.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common Grounds, in the Parish of Blakesley, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Wood End, in the said Parish.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, in the Parish of Clifton in the County of Nottingham.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Frisby upon the Wreak, in the County of Leicester.

50. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Waste Grounds, open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Misson, in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or one of them.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon.

52. An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Rectory and Tythes of Bedgeworth, granted by King Henry the Eighth, to the late dissolved Corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jesus College, in Oxford, towards maintaining a Fellow and Scholars, from Bergavenny School, and for vesting other Rectories and Tythes, in the County of Monmouth, granted by the said King Henry, to the said Corporation, in Trustees, for supporting the said School, and for Relief of the Poor of the said Town.

53. An Act for vesting certain Estates, in Pensilvania, New Jersey, and Maryland, belonging to the Proprietors of a Partnership, commonly called The Pensilvania Land Company in London, in Trustees, to be sold, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

54. An Act to empower the most noble William Duke of Devonshire, to make Leases for any Term not exceeding ninety-nine Years, of certain Estates, lying in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the Will of the Right honourable Dorothy, Countess of Burlington, deceased.

55. An Act to enable John Earl of Hopetoun Curator of Law to George Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Annandale, his Uncle, a Lunatick and the Curator of Law of the said Marquis for the Time being, to grant Feus of certain Lands, Houses, and others, in the County of Dumfries, and to exchange the Lands therein mentioned.

56. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Chislehurst, in the County of Kent, given to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the said Parish, in the Right Honourable Robert Bertie, Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, and his Heirs, and for making Provision, of greater Value inst ad thereof, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to empower John Spencer, Esquire, to make Leases of the Manor of Wimbledon, and of Lands and Grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Mortlacke, East Sheen, Putney, and Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, given and devised by, and purchased in pursuance of, the Will of the most Noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon, and improving the same.

58. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Matthew Fetherston, Baronet, in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An Act to enable George Keith, late Earl Marischall, to sue, or maintain, any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder, and to remove any Disability in him by reason of his said Attainder, to take, or inherit, any Real or Personal Estate, that may, or shall hereafter, descend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto in Reversion or Remainder before his Attainder.

60. An Act for vesting certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, settled by John Meres Fagge Esquire, upon the Marriage of Elizabeth his Daughter with Sir John Peachy Baronet, in Trustees to convey the same to sir William Peere Williams Baronet, and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, of greater Value in lieu thereof.

61. An Act for Sale of Part of the entailed Estate of the late Francis Charteris Esquire, and for purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

62. An Act for the Sale of the Real Estate of Thomas Beynon Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments for the benefit of the said Thomas Beynon and his Heirs.

63. An Act for exchanging certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Beckingham and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate late of Hugh Raymond Esquire deceased, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Beckingham, belonging to John Cator the younger, and for settling the Lands so taken in Exchange to the same Uses, as the Lands given in Exchange stand limited, and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell Esquires, to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the Estate, late of the said Hugh Raymond.

64. An Act for selling certain Manors, Capital Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settlement made by William Strode esquire deceased, and for purchasing with the Money arising by such sale other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

65. An Act for settling the Real Estate of James Thomas esquire deceased, pursuant to an Agreement between his Heir at Law and Devisee, for that Purpose.

66. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors, a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

67. An Act to empower John Wall, the Grandfather, and Mary Wall the Guardian of Anna Maria Wall, an Infant, to execute Articles, Leases, or Grants, for giving Liberty to drive a Sough through an Estate, called Cowley Estate, in the Parishes of Darley and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, descended to and now vested in the said Anna Maria Wall.

68. An Act to enable William Russel Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Kempe only, pursuant to the Will of William Kempe Esquire deceased.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 1 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

4. An Act to continue for a limited Time the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter from Ireland.

5. An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale; and for raising the Sum of twelve millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty; and for further encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale.

8. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act to continue An Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

10. An Act for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs lard and Grease.

11. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

13. An Act to amend an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act to extend the Provisions relating to the holding of court-martial, and to the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the Act made in the twenty seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchanes of England trading to the East Indies, and for Punishment of the Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the Island of Saint Helena, to the said company's Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other Principal Settlements, wherein the said Company may be hereafter empowered to hold Courts of Judicature.

15. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, late Earl Marischall, a Sum therein limited, out of the Principal Money and Interest now remaining due to the Public on account of the Purchase Money of certain Parts of the forfeited Estates of the said late Earl.

16. An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

17. An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

18. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

19. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities or Sums of Money granted or to be granted to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes.

20. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Sollicitors, and filing thereof.

21. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing Part of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

22. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

23. An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions in an Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject) relating to the Commissions and Salaries of Judges.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 1 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing John Dolignon, Peter Thellusson, Peter Anthony Planche, and Christian Poppe.

2. An Act for naturalizing Rose Marie Heath, Wife of Benjamin Heath Esquire.

3. An Act to enable Charles Molloy an Infant (lately called Charles Cooke) and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Molloy, pursuant to the Will of Sir Charles Molloy Knight, deceased.

4. An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open Arable Lands, and the Open, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rearsby, in the County of Leicester.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common or Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Hinton, otherwise Hinton Walrish, in the County of Berks.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Asfordby in the County of Leicester.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Common Meadows, and a Common Hill called Snowshill Hill, lying within the Manor of Snowshill, in the County of Gloucester.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish, Township, and Liberties of Morton Pinkney, in the County of Northampton.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish and within the Precincts of the Manor of Langton Herring, in the County of Dorset.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Grange Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Eydon, in the County of Northampton.

11. An Act for the dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, in the Hamlet of Pailton, in the Parish of Monks Kirbys in the County of Warwick.

12. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said settled Estates now stand limited

13. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Thornton Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses.

14. An Act to enable Capel Hanbury Esquire, and George Hanbury Esquire, for themselves and their respective issue Male, to make an Exchange of their settled Estates in the County of Monmouth, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for rendering effectual an Agreement, for making a Partition of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Leicester, late the Estates of James Sherard Doctor of Physic, and Robert Freeman Gentleman deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for enabling the acting Trustees and Executors of William Lemon Esquire deceased, to make Leases for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, of the Estates in the County of Cornwall, devised by his Will, or purchased in Pursuance thereof respectively, during the Minority of his Grandsons and Nephews, intitled to the same, for the Time being, and for enabling the said Grandsons and Nephews, when of Age, and the said Trustees, during their Infancy respectively, to make and grant Sets and Leases of Mines, according to the Custom of the Country.

17. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Lands agreed to be made between Charles Tudway Esquire, and the Archdeacon of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

18. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, to grant a Lease or Leases, of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory.

19. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Rasch, and John Roger Siebel.

20. An Act for naturalizing Jan Turner, and August Gotlieb Pieschel.

21. An Act for naturalizing Constantia Hampden, Wife of Robert Hampden Esquire.

22. An Act for naturalizing Benjamin Maisonneuve.

23. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Theaud.

24. An Act for naturalizing Simon Baratty.

25. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Villion.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Wappenham, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of the Hamlet of Astwell and Faulcut, in the said Parish.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Grounds, within the Parish of Exhall, in the County of the City of Coventry.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton upon Dunsmore, in the County of Warwick.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing an open Common within the Manor and Parish of Morresby, in the County of Cumberland.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground within Wardington Williamscott, otherwise Willscot, and Coton, otherwise Cotes, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the adjoining Manors of East Lulworth, and Combe Keynes, in the County of Dorset.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Grounds, called Norham Infields, and the Common or Waste, called Norham Moor, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and open Fields of Ansty in the County of Leicester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields of Abkettleby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Fields in the Parish of Fringford, otherwise Ferringford in the County of Oxford.

36. An Act for dividing, enclosing, and allotting the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, called Pool Common, in the Manors of Lanverchidol, and Stret Marcel, otherwise Street Marshall, in the Parishes of Pool and Guilsfield in the County of Montgomery.

37. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing certain open and Common Fields, in Burton Pidsea, in Holderness, in the County of York.

38. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, for inclosing Common or Waste Ground within the Manor or Lordship of Heslington in the County of York.

39. An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Welbore Ellis Esquire, and Robert Nugent Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver-general, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William Earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Customer and Collector of the Ports of Dublin, Skerrys, Malahide and Wicklow in the said Kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Keeper and Master of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery in the said Kingdom, and Clerk, Keeper, or Master of the Rolls, Books, Writs and Records of the said Court; and to qualify themselves for the Injoyment of the said respective Offices.

40. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Frederick Viscount Bolingbroke, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling an Estate, in the County of Surrey, of greater Value in lieu thereof, and for impowering him to sell other Part of the said Kentish Estate, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for selling divers Lands and Hereditaments in London, Middlesex, Surrey, Berkshire and Northamptonshire, devised by the Wills of Bartholomew Clarke, and Hitch Young, Esquires; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses of the said Wills respectively.

42. An Act for vesting the Plantation and Estate of John Walter Esquire, and Newton his Wife (late Newton Walker Spinster) in the Island of Barbados, in Trustees, for raising Money to be applied in purchasing of Stock, and for other Purposes for the Improvement of the same Plantation and Estate.

43. An Act for selling diverse Lands and Hereditaments, in the City of London, and in the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Buckingham and Somerset, devised by the Will of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and purchased in pursuance thereof respectively; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, in or near the County of Gloucester, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses of the said Will.

44. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Williams Esquire, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

45. An Act for selling a Messuage and Lands, in Whaddon, in the County of Bucks, settled by the late Brown Willis Esquire, on the Marriage of his Son; and for purchasing another Estate in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses.

46. An Act for vesting and settling the Real and Personal Estate of John Morse, late Citizen and Goldsmith of London, deceased, for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled under his Will; and for the better answering and effecting the Intents and Purposes of the same Will.

47. An Act for divesting, out of the Crown, the Remainder in Fee of the several Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Martin Dillon Esquire; and for vesting the same in Carleton Whitelocke, of the City of Dublin Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust for Henry Michel, of the said City of Dublin Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 2 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for enabling his Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

2. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners charged in Execution to deliver up their estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

5. An Act for more effectually preventing the excessive use of Spirituous Liquors for Home Consumption, by laying additional Duties upon Spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors.

6. An Act for the Importation of salted Beef, Pork and Butter, into this Kingdom from Ireland, for a limited Time for the Supply of his Majesty's Ships, Transport and other Ships and Vessels, in his Majesty's immediate Service and Pay.

7. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

8. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights.

9. An Act for charging certain Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders and other Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

10. An Act for raising by Annuities, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of twelve millions, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and also the Moneys arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

13. An Act for appointing Commissioners for puttings in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fxty two.

14. An Act to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the relanding of Beer, Ale, Cyder and Mum shipped for Exportation as Merchandise.

15. An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protect and encourage Fishermen.

16. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy.

17. An Act for Relief of the Vassals of the several Estates which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for carrying the purposes of the said Act more effectually into Execution; and for enforcing and carrying into Execution so much of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the paying and discharging the Wadsetts affedding the Estate of Lovat.

18. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

19. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England.

20. An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in Being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

21. An Act for Paving, Cleansing and Lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for the keeping regular, uniform and annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality.

23. An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; for the making and filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

24. An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of Nova Scotia in America.

25. An Act for naturalizing such foreign Potestants as have served, or shall serve for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty's Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America.

26. An Act for allowing further Time for inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

27. An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of session in Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said Court for such Time, betwixt the twentieth Day of December and the fifteenth Day of January, yearly, as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding twenty Days.

28. An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames.

29. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against Shooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and against the destroying of Hares with Hare Pipes, and Tracing Hares in the Snow; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pigeons, by making the Manner of convicting such Person or Persons as shall offend therein, more easy and expeditious.

30. An Act for enlarging and improving the North East Avenue of London Bridge.

31. An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and for extending the Provisions thereof to his Majesty's Colonies in America.

32. An Act for draining and preserving certain lowlands called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Brough of Boston, to the Sea.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons in the last five parliaments.

34. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties omitted to be paid upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies, and Appointments to Offices therein; and for the Relief of William Earl, in respect of a Quantity of White Salt, lost by the Wreck of a Ship near the Harbour of Dublin.

35. An Act for applying the money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

36. An Act for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales for the Time being.

37. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 2 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Anna Maria Thornton, Wife of Octavius Thornton Merchant.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Pershore, in the County of Worcester.

3. An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Krauter, and John Paris.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Berens.

5. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agrement for the dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, in the Townships of Elvaston and Thulston, in the County of Derby.

6. An Act for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fatio, John Le Coq, John Henry Cazenove, and Henry Peter Kubff.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing two Pieces or Parcels of Open and uninclosed Lands, called The Town Hill, and The Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Aston upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Swanburne, in the County of Bucks.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Barrowby, in the County of Lincoln.

11. An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersy, at a Place called The Hemp Stones, in the Township of Halton, in the County of Chester.

12. An Act for authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, to erect and build one or more Tide Mill or Tide Mills for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek or Channel, in the Manor and Parish of Bishopston, in the County of Sussex.

13. An Act for Sale of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Witham, Frary, Marston or Nunny, in the County of Somerset, devised and limited by the Will of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, except as therein mentioned.

14. An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition between Samuel Blunt, Henry Humphery, James Clitherow, Esquires, and others, of several Estates in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey and Kent, and for vesting and settling the entire Premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned.

15. An Act for incorporating the Trustees, named in the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred Esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the Estate late of the said Christopher Tancred, to them and their successors, in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will, and for the better Management of the Charity.

16. An Act for vesting a Piece or Pieces of Ground in Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Robert Philimore Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses as the said Ground now stands settled.

17. An Act to enable the Right Honourable the Lady Frances Hanbury Williams, to take upon her, and use, the Surname of Coningesby, pursuant to a Proviso in a Settlement made by her Father Thomas Earl Coningesby, deceased.

18. An Act to enable John Hase Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lombe.

19. An Act for naturalizing Henrietta Frederique Viscountess Stormont, Wife of the Right Honourable David Lord Viscount Stormont.

20. An Act for naturalizing Philip Schumacher and Nicholas Brandt.

21. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Wolffe Esquire, commonly called Baron Wolffe.

22. An Act for naturalizing Paul Metivier.

23. An Act for naturalizing James Repinder.

24. An Act for naturalizing Jean Charnaud.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Princethorpe, in the Township and Parish of Stretton upon Dunsmore, in the County of Warwick.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Middlewood Moor, or Ushaw Moor, within the Manor of Lanchester, in the County of Durham.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the whole Year Lands, and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, half Year Inclosures, Shack Meadows and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of Leicester.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of Thurmaston, in the Parish of Belgrave and Barkby, in the County of Leicester.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common Grounds in Whissondine, in the County of Rutland.

31. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, heretofore given, in Trust, for the Benefit of the Poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the county of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs, and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof.

32. An Act for discharging the Estate of Frederick Viscount Bolingbroke, in the County of Surrey, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement, and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

33. An Act to enable Patrick Blake Esquire, a Minor, to make a Settlement on Annabella Bunbury Spinster, and the issue of their intended Marriage; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of Edward Mellish Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the pur ehafe of other Estates to be settled to the like Uses.

35. An Act for vesting a Rent Charge in Fee Simple, in Trustees, for the Benefit of certain Poor Families described in the Will of John Styleman deceased, in lieu of a Moiety of certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the same Will, for the Benefit of the said poor Families, and for vesting the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd Esquire, and his Heirs.

36. An Act for selling Part of the Estates of William Mason Esquire, devised to him by the Will of William Mason Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; and for exchanging other Part of the said Estates of the said William Mason, so devised, for other Lands and Tenements to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

37. An Act for vesting all the Real and Personal Estates, late of Elizabeth Morgan Widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, Wife of George Mackenzie Esquire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and only next of Kin, discharged from all Right, Claims and interest, of the Master and Fellows of Gonvile and Caius College, in the University of Cambridge.

38. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Thomas Waite, an Infant, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and for applying the Surplus Money arising thereby for the Benefit of the said Infant.

39. An Act for naturalizing Diederick Wessel Linden.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Manor of Shenley Brookend, in the Parish of Shenley in the County of Bucks.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open and Common Fields, Meadows and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Quorndon in the County of Lesicester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Portesham in the County of Dorset.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Evenwood and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland and County of Durham.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the open Fields, Pastures and Pieces or Parcels of Meadows and Pasture Ground in the Lordship of Sproatley, in Holderness, in the County of York.

45. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing Common Fields, Commons, Pastures and Waste Grounds in the Townships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton and Borough in the Parish of Skipsea, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Towcester, with the Hamlets of Wood Burcott and Caldecote in the County of Northampton.

47. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors and Common Grounds in the Township of Rotherham in the County of York.

48. An Act for inclosing and dividing several open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Wintringham in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for repealing Part, and explaining and amending other Parts, of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates intailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel, Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other estates, to be settled to the like Uses, and for impowering the Guardian and Trustees named in the said Will, to make Leases of the said Duke's Estates in the Counties cf Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children.

50. An Act for confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, as were by him settled and devised to the Use of Frances late Marchioness of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford his two Daughters, and their issue, in strict Settlement, with several Remainders over; and for vesting and settling the entire Premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other purposes therein mentioned.

51. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Trustees in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of the Right Honourable William Earl of Harrington, with the Right Honourable Carolina Countess of Harrington his Wife.

52. An Act for explaining and amending the Marriage Settlement of Edward Lord Winterton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by impowering him to sell Part of the Estates in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey and Norfolk, therein comprised, and for laying out the Moneys arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates of equal or greater Value, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to enable Sir Nicholas Hacket Carew, Baronet, to grant a Lease or Leases of Part of his settled Estate, for the Improvement thereof, pursuant to a Contract, by him entered into for that Purpose.

54. An Act for vesting the Capital Messuage, with the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate in the Parish of Edmonton, and at Frian Barnett in the County of Middlesex, and at East Barnett in the County of Hertford, late Part of the Estate of James Colebrooke, Esquire, deceased, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, in him and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, of equal Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, and for other purposes in the said Act mentioned.

55. An Act for discharging certain Leasehold Houses and Tenements comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Humfreys Ram, Esquire, from the Trusts of the Settlement, and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu thereof.

56. An Act for vesting a Toft or Site of a of House in Richmond in the County of Surrey, lately pulled down, in Trustees, to be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the Will of Matthias Perkins, Gentleman, deceased; for impowering John Perkins, his Son, to make such Leases of his Estate at Richmond and Tuddington, as are therein mentioned.

57. An Act for discharging diverse Lands, Estates and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Thomas Ruggles, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will; and for settling other Lands and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

58. An Act for vesting the settled Estate, late of Ralph Jenison, Esquire, deceased, at Great Walworth in the County of Durham, in Trustees, in Trust to be conveyed to John Dixon, Gentleman, and his Heirs, pursuant to a Decree, and subsequent Orders, of the Court of Chancery at Durham.

59. An Act to enable Joseph Fell, Esquire, to make, a Lease of a Farm and Lands in Walthamstowe in the County of Essex, for a Term of ninety-nine Years.

60. An Act to enable John Held, Gentleman, and Thomas Held, his Son, an Infant, and their Trustees, to raise the Sum of one thousand Pounds, upon certain Estates in Leicestershire and Warwickshire, or on a sufficient Part thereof, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An Act for vesting two Acres of Land in Walton upon Thames, in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to the Executors of Samuel Dicker, Esquire, for the Benefit of Mary Driver, an Infant.

62. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Igborough in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate late of Henry Ord, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to James Nelthorpe, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to lay out the Money to be paid for the same, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to The Uses therein mentioned.

63. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Botolgh, Billingsgate, London, late the Estate of William Claphatn, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Carew, of Crowcombe, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

65. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Weller, Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the same, and to lay out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said John Weller.

66. An Act to enable William Richards, and Edtuard Richards, Infants, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of Roger Powell, Esquire, deceased.

67. An Act to enable Charles Smith, an Infant, lately called Charles Loraine, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Richard Smith, Esquire, deceased.

68. An Act for naturalizing Luke Wettstein, Peter Texier, junior, and Daniel Goy.

69. An Act for naturalizing John Doerner.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII. II tricesimo.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the thirty first Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the second Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six. Being the fourth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

---

[Former Provisions concerning Corn,

1 & 2 P. & M. c. 5.

15 Car. a. r. 7. 22 Car. 2. C 13. I Jac. 2. C 19. 1 TV. & M. J. 1. c. 12 & 24; 11 fif 12 TV, 3. C 20. 12 & 13 TV, 3. C 10.? Ann, i. 20,

2 Geo. 2. C i3? 5 2. C 12. 11 Geo. 2. c. 22. 24 Geo. 2. c. 56. 26 Geo. 2. c. 15.

WHEREAS the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch,

out of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, may, at this Time be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's Subjects Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time or nocom, c. te

Times before the twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and be exported iiom

fifty seven, shall, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be r, reat Brita; n r exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of or from the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; 1, befoj "or load or lay on Board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on Board in any Ship or other Veiled, or 15 ec' IJ Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Starch, under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say. That all the said Commodities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on Board, or loaded to be exported, slipped or carried out, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Corn, Malt,

Meal, or Flour; and twelve Pence of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Pound Weight of Bread,

Biscuit or Starch, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall be so exported, hipped or put on Board to be exported; and also the Ship, Boat or Vessel, upon which any of the said Commodities shall be exported, hipped or laden to be exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the One Moiety of King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the fime; the Forfeiture zand for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties go to the King, and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Ma j»ht^cmor°^jesty's Courts of k.ccord at Westminster, or he forest he Justices of Assize, or at the Great Sessions in 1 Rales, Method of re or by Information at any General Quarter sessions of the Peace, for the County, City, Riding, Division, covery thereof it or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and in such Suit, no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or in England,

\\: ger of Law, shall be allowed; and for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain Wales, balled Scotland, by Action, or summary Bill or Information in the Courts of Sessions or Exchequer in Scotland, Scotland, and for Offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's Courts of Record in or Ireland. Vol. VIII B Dublin,

C i.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Cooti' in 'f King's va: e .'ioui'c:

M celliry Prov l>t>n rot sbifs C v'.cr \ oyaic j

Dublin, or at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, City or place, where the Offence Waiter and Ma shall be committed; and that the Master and Mariners of any such Ship, Boat or Veiled, wherein any such rirer's if eonvift Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the re rn tred.' com" unto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize.

Officers impow

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ered toi, ze the sny Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or being lawfully authorised in this. Behalf by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to take or seize all such of the said Commodities, not allowed to be exported by this Act, or by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, or such Order of Council, in pursuance of this Act, as he or they hall happen to find, know, or discover to be laid on Board any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, at Sea, or in any Port, or in any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, transported or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true. Intent of this Act, and also the Ship, Vessel or Boat, in which the same shall be found, and to bring via jo lodgetc t'nc said Goods to the King's Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the custom house, next to the 'C<J 10; r, "Place where such Seizures shall be made, or to some other fuse Place (where there are no such Warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to Law, and in case of Recovery, to be divided according to the Directions of this Act.

III. Provided always that this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the Exportation or carrying out of such, or so much of the said Commodities, as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship cr ships, 01 other Vessel or Vessels, in their respective Voyages, for the Sustenance, Diet and Support of the Commanders, Masters, Mariners, Passengers or others, in the same Ships or Vessels only; oror Vibhialling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Ma koicesvfcrtv, orje^y*s Service; or for his Majesty's Forces, Sorts, or Garrisons; anything herein contained to the con Cairi ons, ar: trary notwithstanding.

sxceptfd.

The laid Cora^Provided also, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any Per ^rr^edcotrtw!fe son or ^cr^ons to or Put on Board any of the Commodities aforesaid, to be carried Coastwise; that ifacocquet'b^13 to"av' from any Port, Creek, or Member of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other granted for the p°rtr Creek, or Member of the same respectively, having such or the like coast cocquet or Sufferance same, and Sscu for that Purpose, and such or the like sufficient Security being ffrfl given for the Landing and Discharging my given the lame in ibme other Port, Member or Creek of the said Kingdoms, anti returning a Certificate in fix: Months, as if required by Law in Cases where Goods which are liable to pay Duties on Exportation are carried Coastwise from one Port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

The said Com V. Provided also, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to any of the said ^ored togkc Commodities which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from Great Britain to or°th Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, or from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar, or unto any of his entish islands or majesty's Iffands or Colonies in America, that have usually been supplied with any of the said Com colonies in Air.: - modities from Great Britain or Ireland, for the Suflentation of the Inhabitants of the said Iffands, colo r c3, the Exfor nics or Dominions, or for the Benefit of the British Fishery in those Parts only; so as the Exporter before Shipping or Lying on Board the same, declare the Island, Colony or Dominion, Iffands, are eef fred for, Colonies or Dominions, for which the said Commodities are respectively designed, and do become bound and giv.ng Seco with other sufficient Security, in' Treble the Value thereof, to the Commissioners or chief Officer or of nty. ficers of his Majesty's Customs, belonging to the Port or Place where the same shall be shipped or put on

Board (who hath or have hereby Power to take such Security in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use) that such Commodities shall not be landed or sold in any Parts whatsoever, other than the c.rtificates frora Kingdoms, Dominions, Iffands or Colonies for which the same shall be so declared; and that a Cerr Pon ot jnd tiffcate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs: -<: or^no of the Naval Officer, or some other principal Officer of the Port where the same shall be

fd Time. landed, shall within the respective Times herein after for that Purpose mentioned (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be returned to the Officers who took the said Bonds, that the said Commodities have ottic r: to tak? been landed at the Port or Place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking of such s tumy, and Security, and giving such Certificates (which the respective Officers aforesaid are hereby on Demand

f n>. required to give) no See or Reward shall be demanded or received; and if any Officer shall make

otfictr ran i.ig any f: t!te Certificate of any such Commodities being so landed such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and lofc his Employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs < ..rn or Successors, in any Office relating to the Customs; and if any Person shall counterfeit, rafe or

Tm lc Llfily my such Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased or fallc Certificate, be it ^ti'enjiiyor. *'1 ' cit the brnoi two hundred Pounds, and such Certificate shall be void and of none Ef \: t: fciti:, n, »tdt; winch f; id Penalties for Offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be recovered; ti 1 cm.f, c.te. in the lame Courts, and in the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are re r.iot. 'i of Rc cov» table; and for Offences committed in the Colonies or Plantations in America, or other the Do

roterj. minions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the High Court

i 1 jd

o. lt 1.1.

ot Admiralty, or in any other Chief Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction in such respective Colonies, Plantations or Dominions; and shall be divided into equal Moieties between his ma jrfly and the informer; and the said Bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three Years, shall he void.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

ry

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Beans to Beans h

the British Forts, Caitles and Factories in Africa, or for the Use of the Ships trading upon that Coast, that PR' usually have been supplied with the same front Great Britain or Ireland, so as the like Security be give., for? ' the exporting thereof, as is required by this ARTO be given by Persons carrying any of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America. _ < East-india Com

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the United Company of pany may export Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, from exporting any of the said Commodities to any of an of, he.said their Forts, Factories or Settlements, for the Support of the Persons residing the re, so as the like Security

be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this Act to be given by Persons carrying any of the Settlements, gi said Commodities to the british Colonies in America. ving Security.

VIII. Provided also, That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat, wheat. Malt or

Malt or Barley, to be transported out of or from the Port of Southampton only, unto the Blands of Jerfy Barley may be and Guernsey, or either of them, for the only Use of the Inhabitants of those Blands, so as the Exporter exported from before the lading of such Wheat, Malt or Barley, or laying the same on board, do become bound with to

other sufficient Security (which the Customer or Comptroller of the same Port hath hereby Power to take, q^ejnfeny^ the in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; and for which Security no See or Reward shall be givei. Exporter giving or taken) that such Wheat, Malt or Barley, shall be landed in the said Islands of Jersey and Guenjcy, of Security.

one of them, (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be Certifies e of the landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever, and to return the like Certificates of the landing the fam^ Landing to be re there, as are herein before required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in |ar?e, 'XIth, n a America, and within the Time for that Purpose herein after mentioned; and so as the Quantity of Wheal, 1'mite. ime Malt and Barley, which at any Time or Times after the puffing of this at, and before the twenty-fifth ptojte/rt e Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall be shipped at the said Port for Jerseyll« d^ocj ° and Guernsey, or either of them as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand Quarters; any Quarters. Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding' '

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs for the Curt ms to

the Time being shall, and they are hereby required to give a full and true Account in Writing to both W befor«both Houses of Parliament, at the beginning of the next Session thereof, of all Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, m "reas(i°a^ca^: a" Bread, Biscuit and Starch, that shall before that Time be exported to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or of the Quant; "n in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers hereby given or granted for that Purpose. tiesofcorn, cv

exported.

X Provided, That nothing in this AI contained shall extend to any Malt declared or made for Ex Malt made or

portation on or before the fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, which shall Exportation te b. c. exported; provided the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof hall produce to the Collector or Chief Oifi re ec. 1756, cer of the Port where such Malt shall be exported, a Certificate or Certificates from the Officer or Offi the"ivoprieto/*cers with whom the Entry of the Com intended to be made into such Malt for Exportation shall have been producing a cer niade, that the said Malt was actually declared or made for Exportation on or before the said fourth Day tificate thereof of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; nor to any other of the Commodities aforesaid th: 'Proper which shall be cleared out of any custom house within Great Britain, before the twenty-fifth Day 0f0, ^cer< December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; or out of any custom house in Ireland before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; but that such Shipb and vessels fw 2(5er. shall be permitted to proceed on their Voyages; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise fitted to proceed notwithstanding. on their Voyages,

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case his Majesty at any His Majesty by

Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of dmwzw one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, Proclamation, or shall (in his Royal Discretion) judge it to be most for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom, to ordermcoun permit the Exportation of Corn and other the Commodities aforesaid, or any of them, that th n it shall ^'mtbefore*"; and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued, by dc. 5 r? per.

and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty's order in Council, to be published in the mit the expur lor.don Gazette, from Time to Time to permit and suffer all and every Person or Persons, Natives and tation of Corn, Foreigners (but not any particular Person or Persons) at any Time ortimes before the twentyr fifth Day of&c*

December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to export or carry out of the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or out of both or either of them, all or any of the Commodities aforesaid, to all or any other Place or Places, and upon or without giving Security for the Landing thereof in such Place or Places, and returning Certificates of such Landing, as to his Majesty shall seem meet, and as in such Proclamation or Proclamations, or such Orders of Council, to be published in the London Gazette, shall be expressed and declared; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it Further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the landing and Times limited of (charging of the said Commodities to be exported, other than Coastwise, shall be returned within the re: urns th'

Certificates from

1 where the

See. has

twelve Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where to the Islands of Guernsey or Jerseyfsetn landed, within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or Continued by 31 from Ireland to Great Britain, within six Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds respectively., Geo. 2. c. 1.

and farther by

32 Get, end fie 31 Geo. 3. c. 3. ovbich takes ejf the Prohibition.

Bf

C

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

CAP. II.

An Act to make Provision for the quartering of the foreign Troops in his Majesty's Service

now in this Kingdom.

fiireip. Trsops t j be quartered

aivi provided for d. uifii

a i 'nv 'i; LV

e WIE yo

W after

Vbives and Fc

I rncts may tentribule to the Sum of

1.050, 005 I. 5?. fr the i'urchne ri Tickets 1: 1 tl e pr lcv. lottery, at 11, t s. each 'I icket.

t'lrcliafe money

II. t r paid to the f h r( ca^hlcf of th. Bank,

IV. f riser for too 1 u kxti.

the

if.r r'uuliaft

Ah.u<7,

WHEREAS Difficulties have lately arisen in providing Quarters for the foreign Troops in his*V majesty's Service, which have been brought over for the Defence of Great Britain Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said foreign Troops brought over as aforesaid, shall and may, during their Continuance here, be quartered, and be received and provided for in Quarters, in the same Manner to all Intents and purposes as the British Troops now are; and that the billetting, quartering, receiving and providing for lucir foreign Troops, in the Manner aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been, and to be legal, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for dischargrng certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual, collecting of Arrears for the future.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and concerning the Interest to be paid for Moneys to be borrowed as well on the Credit of this at, as on the Credit of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five pounds and five Shillings, to be raised by way of Lottery.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

'our majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament, mbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty public Expenses, have freely ami voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, a Sum not exceeding one million fifty thousabd and live Pounds and five Shillings, to be raised by way of Lottery, in such Manner and 1 Form as is herein after directed; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be it enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by; the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for all Persons, Natives or Foreigners, and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, at any Time after the Tickets whereof the said Lottery is herein after directed to consist, shall be prepared in Manner herein after mentioned, and ready, to be delivered, and after public Notice shall be given thereof by the Managers or directors. herein after mentioned in the London Gazette, and before the Time to be prefixed by the said Managers or Directors for the re delivery, of all the Books containing such Tickets (whereof public Notice shall in like Manner be given by them) to contribute to ihe Payment of the said Sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five Pounds and five Shillings, by paying the Price of as many tickets as they shall be willing to purchase, after the Rate of one Guinea for each Ticket, unto the first or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Time being, (who is and are hereby appointed a Receiver or Receivers of such Contributions, without any further or other Warrant to be fried for, had or obtained in that Behalf) or unto such other Receiver or Receivers as the of.of his Majesty's trca fury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the com rniifiouers of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate and appoint to be Receiver or Receivers of such Contributions; and that every Inch Contributor or Adventurer, for every such Sum of one Guinea so paid for each Ticket, shall be Entitled to such Lot or Share, and shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money as is or are hereby directed or appointed.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. at any Time before such Tickets shall be prepared and ready to be delivered, and Notice shall be given thereof as aforesaid, all such Contributors, who in Books to be opened for that Purpose at the Bank of England, or at any other Place or Places to be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury., or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall subscribe for one hundred.tickets in the said Lottery or more, and shall deposit with and pay to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or such other Receiver or Receivers, the full Sum of one Guinea for every such 7'jckct, or a Moiety thereof, in Part of the Sum of one Guinea, payable for each of the Tickets so subscribed for, as a Security for Payment. o

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

5- 5

of the Remainder of the several Sums due for such Tickets as aforesaid; and who having made such De allowed to ijjsc posit, shall, on or before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty feveu, pay the re ^exjmjke inainder of the Price of every such Ticket; and also all such Contributors who, during such Time, and mvnt in such Books, shall subscribe for twenty Tickets in the said Lottery, or for any Number greater than subfiribersfo. twenty, and less than one hundred, and shall pay to such Cashier or Cashiers, or other Receiver or Re any lefsnumber, ceivers, the full Sum payable for such Tickets, shall be entitled to as many Lottery Tickets as the full to pay the whole Vaiue of such 'Pickets will purchase, and to such Lots, Shares and Sums of Money, in respect of such of the 1>urcharc* Tickets, ars are by this at directed or appointed. tim^ofvub'

feribing.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Receipt of the full Price of Receipts to be

any 'rickets in the Lid Lottery so subscribed for, or such Part thereof as is herein before directed to be given for the paid by way of Deposit, such Cashier or Cashiers, or such other Officers as shall be employed by the Go Sums paid, c. vernor and Company of the Bank of England for that Purpose, or such other Receiver or Receivers, shall ald the 3earers give Receipts in Writing signed by himself or themselves, to every such Contributor, for all such Sums; which entitled to Tir receipts shall entitle the several Bearers thereof to the Tickets, for or in respect of which the respective kets in resp&£t Sums mentioned in such Receipts shall have been paid or advanced. thortor.

IV. Provided also, That such Cashier or Cashiers, or other Officers of the Governor and Company of cahier to at pr d the Bank of England, from and after the Time to be prefixed for the Delivery of Tickets as aforesaid, un at the cj"!'^>rn till the Books containing such Tickets Avail be re delivered, and also from the Time Books Aiall be opened ^07eceiusou for taking in Subscriptions to the said Lottery, until the Time herein before limited for Payment of the rtrip: ions Residue of such Sums as shall be advanced by way of Deposit, Aiall for the Performance of the Service

hereby required from them, give their constant Attendance at the Bank of England, from nine of the Clock in the Forenoon to three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and no longer, each Day (excepting sun clays, and Days of Falling or Thanksgiving, appointed by particular Acts of Parliament, or by the King's Proclamation).

V. Provided always, That such caaiier or caaiiers, and such other Receiver or Receivers, Aiall give Caflilrr to give security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or Security p the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for

duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the public Use, all such

Moneys which shall be so contributed and paid to him or them, and for accounting duly for the same,

and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed, and shall, from Time to Time, with and to pay the

all convenient Speed, so pay all such Moneys, and account for the same in his Majesty's Exchequer, ac Moneys into the

cording to the due Course thereof. Exchequer.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasury to ap of of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Trea Pty the Monits surer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, from ime w tsertv|!"s Time to iftiie and apply all such Sums of Money as shall so be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Ex Coramons.* chequer by the said Cashier or Cashiers, or such other Receiver or Receivers, to such Services as shall then

have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of Managers ani his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or Directors tithe more of the commiaioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate and appoint, shall be ^r0u^0hbe(he Managers or Directors for preparing and delivering out pickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, iv£a£ry, ^1 and to order, do and perform such other Matters and Things as are herein after in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers Books to be ocean d dir.edlors shall meet together from Time to Time, at some public Office or Place for the Execution p.ued with thee of the Powers and Trusts in them reposed by this Act, and that the said Managers and Directors, or so c'olnmns, in each many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part oi them, Aiall cause Books to be of wl), C 66, 6c? prepared, in which every Leaf Aiall be divided ordistinguiaied into three Columns; and upon the innermost of the said three Columns, there shall be printed sixty six thousand six hundred and axty seven Tickets, to be numbered one, two, three and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression, where the common

Excess is to be one, until they rise to and for the Number of sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty seven Tickets, being the fifteenth Part of one million and five Tickets, by this Act intended to be made forth, and to be distributed into fifteen Ranks or Clafies to be successively marked with the fifteen first Letters of the Alphabet, and each. Ticket in the said several Casses to be marked with the Letters of the Alphabet, denoting the Class whereunto such 'Picket Aiall belong; and upon the middle Column of the said Books shall be printed the same Number of Tickets of the same Breadth and Form, and alphabetically marked and numbered in like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the said Books Aiall be printed pickets to I? of a, third Rank or Series of Tickets, to be in like Manner alphabetically marked and numbered; all which an oblong form Tickets in the said three Columns Aiall severally be of an oblong Figure'; and in the said Books shall be and joined with' joined with oblique Lines, flouriaies or Devices, in such Manner as the said.managers or Directors, or ob!lsuel, ints'&cj the major Part of them, shall think 1110a safe and convenient; and that on every Ticket of the third or T ckets in the extreme Column of the said Books shall be written or printed, ., besides the Number of such Ticket and Jj1 the present Year of our Lord, Words to this Effect X following printed

on them.

Tickets to be printed.

u 7 his Ticket entitles the Bearer to such prize as may. belong thereunto.'7 And every such Ticket Aiall be. signed by one of the said. managers or Director:

Tickets to he

fig.

C

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Bo'ks to be prewired lor 14 CI lies, with 2 Columns, cn p ion or which €6, 667 Tickeis to be jrimed.

Chinees of the Tickets in the 14 Claires to be determined by drawing the Tickets in the llcoks with 3 Columns.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers or Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause other Hooks to be prcpaied, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns, and upon the innermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed fourteen other clau es of'pickets, each Class containing sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty seven 'Pickets, to be numbered, and alphabetically marked as aforesaid, and upon the outermost Column of the said Hooks there shall be printed another Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number with those in the said innermost Columns, which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong Figure, and the said Books shall be joined with obiiciue Lines, Flourifhe^ and other Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them then jvefcin, shall think moil safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the outermost Columns in the said Rooks, shall! have written or printed thereupon (bolides the Number of such Ticket) the same Words as are before in this Act directed to be written or printed upon the other sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty seven Tickets, hilt herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, and shall also be signed as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas it is intended that the Chance of every Ticket, in the said fourteen Classes respectively herein before described, whether, the same shall happen to be a Price or a Blank, shall be determined by the Drawing of the Tickets in the first Class in the aforesaid Books with three Columns; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'Flint the Chance of every Ticket in the said fourteen clair s, in the said Books respectively containing two Columns, whether the same shall happen to be a lhize or a Blank, shall be determined by the Drawing of the Tickets in the other Books containing three Columns, so that in every Case where any numbered Ticket in the said Books containing three

Columns, shall upon the Drawing thereof he entitled to a Prize or Benefit in principal Money, the Ticket of the like Number in the said fourteen several Classes respectively, in the Books containing two Columns, shall be entitled to a Prize or Benefit of like Value in principal Money; and in every Case where any. numbered Ticket in the Books containing three Columns shall not be a Prize, the Ticket of the like Number in the fourteen Classes reflectively, in the Books containing two Columns, shall likewise be deemed an unfortunate Ticket.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Managers or Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, shall carefully examine all the said Books, with the Tickets therein, and that the same be contrived, numbered and made, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered the same

the Cashier, and Books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the Cashier or Cashiers, or such other Receiver or Receivers, taking from such Cashier or Cashiers, or other Receiver or Receivers, an Acknowledgment in "Writing under his or their Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Book or Books, and so many Tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them; and such Cashier or Cashiers, Sum'ofor °^cr Receiver or Receivers, is and are hereby directed and required, upon his and their receiving m f'every or any entire Sum of one Guinea, in full Payment of a Ticket from any Person or Persons contributing or adventuring as aforesaid, to cut out of the said Book or Books so to be put into his or their Custody, through the same oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, indentwise, one of the Tickets in the said extreme Columns, and he or they shall permit the Contributor or Adventurer, if it be desired, to write his or her Name or Mark on the corresponding Ticket in the same Book, and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers, or such other Receiver or Receivers, shall deliver to the said Contributor or Adventurer the Ticket so cut off, which he or Hie is to keep and use for the better nfeertaining and securing of the Interest which he or she, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall or may have for the Moneys so by him or her contributed or adventured.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers, or such

Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and del ver them to

take a Receipt for the same.

Cashier to give a

pad in.

and permit lhc Adventurer to write his Nome cn the corre

fpor.ding Ticket

Cashier to re

and account for the Sums received.

Tickets undisposed of to be returned into lhc. Bxcheijucr.

which the said Cashier or Cashiers, or other Receiver or Receivers, shall not have cut out and disposed of to the Contributors or Adventurers for the Moneys as aforesaid, and shall then and there also deliver to the said Managers or Directors, a true and juit Account in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums or Money received by him or them respectively, for the Tickets disposed of pursuant to this Act, and how the same, or how much thereof, shall have been adhially paid by him or them into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed; that the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the said Tickets in the said outermost Column contained, which shall not have been disposed of to Contributors as aforesaid (if any such be) to be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Calli to be issued and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall dirca.

XII. And be it further enacted, hat the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them

which shall he present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty seven Tickets, to be taken from the middle Column, in the Books made out with three Columns as aforesaid,

Ticket: of the riiu..!e Column

to be rolled up,

cit^indeniuhrw le mid to be carefully rolled up, or made fall with Thread or Silk mt»ah r nvuk the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall in their Presence, and

ed v/i'h 'he Letter <.\)

Adventurers as will be there, cause all

7.

and the said Managers or Directors, or in the Presence ol lueh Contributors or the said sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty seven Tickets,

which

7

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 5,

1 of 5, 000 1. 1 of 3, 0001.

1 of 1,000l.

2 of 500].

which are to be so rolled up or made fast as aforesaid, to be cut off indenturewife through the said oblique

Lines, Flourishes or Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to be marked with the

Letter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong Box, to be locked up with seven different Box to be locked

Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers or Directors, and sealed with their Seals, up and sealed.

or the Seals of some of them, until the said Tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and

that the Tickets in the first or innermost Columns in the said Books, corresponding to the said sixty

six thousand six hundred and sixty seven Tickets, so cut off indenturewife as aforesaid, shall remain ffill

in the Books, for discovering any Mistake or Fraud, if any such should happen to be committed contrary to the true Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers or Directors, or Books to be the major Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, hall also cause to be prepared prepared with other Books, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns, and upon the in 2 Columns, on nermost of those two Columns there shall be printed sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty seven ga6cb r hlj'h Tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two Columns, there shall be printed sixty six thousand six tbobe L tgd£tl hundred and sixty seven Tickets, all which shall be of equal Length and Breadth as near as may be;

which two Columns of the said Books shall be joined with some hlourish or Device, through which the The Number outermost Tickets may be cut off indentwise; and that seven hundred and fifty six Tickets, Part of the and Value or' sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty seven Tickets to be contained in the outermost of the said two the fortunate Columns, shall be and be called the Fortunate Tickets, to which extraordinary Benefits shall belong, t!gk[>tr!;, zes as is herein after mentioned; and the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of 75 UZL % '

them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate Tickets to be written Fortunate upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in Figures, as in Words at length, in Manner following; that is Tickets: to say, upon one of them ten thousand Pounds principal Money; upon one of them five thousand Pounds 1 of i0, 000, ' principal Money; upon one of them three thousand Pounds principal Money; upon one of them one thousand Pounds principal Money; upon two of them severally five hundred Pounds principal Money; upon ten of them severally one hundred Pounds principal Money; upon one hundred of them severally fifty Pounds principal Money; upon two hundred of them severally twenty Pounds principal Money; 10 of 1001 upon four hundred and forty of them severally ten Pounds principal Money; which principal Sums so to°° f be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said fortunate Tickets, together with three hundred Pounds 440 of ioj' principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket, besides the Benefit that may hap with 300]. to pen to belong thereunto, and three hundred Pounds three Shillings, and six Pence, to the Owner of the the first drawn last drawn Ticket, with the Benefit that may happen to belong thereto, will amount in the Whole to the ticlt*t> and, principal Sum of thirty-five thousand Pounds three Shillings, and six Pence; which principal Sum is the 3°0hi'ilsj fifteenth Part of the Moiety of the principal Sum of one million fifty thousand and five Pounds and five tot ° a jav'n* Shillings; which Moiety is to be distributed into Prizes and Benefits in the Manner herein mentioned, to the Adventurers in the said Lottery; and the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them, Tickets of the who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said sixty six thousand six hundred and Outermost Co sixty seven Tickets, contained in the outermost Columns of the last mentioned Books, to be in the Pre luns10 be fence of the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting tr°ded up, aa as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, carefully rolled up and fattened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indentwise through the said Flourish or an«j cutout in device, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (B), which dentwife into a Box shall be presently put into another strong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, Box marked with to be kept by as many of the said managers.or Directors, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of the Letter (B) some of them, until those Tickets shall also be drawn, in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; upxa, j f!ai°d7 and that the whole Business of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and settling the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers or Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, within six Days at the least before the Drawing of the said Lottery hall begin; and to the End every Person concerned may be well allured that the Counterpart of the Public Notice same Number with his or her Ticket is put into the Box marked with the Letter (A) from whence the e?.ba g'ven ot same may he drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some public Notification in t^rkketrimo Flint shall be given of the precise Time or Times of cutting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the Boxes

End that such Adventurers as shall be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the fifth Day of September The Lottery to one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the said Managers or Directors shall cause the said several beam drawing Boxes, with all the Tickets therein, to be brought into the Guildhall of the City of London, by nine of 5 September, the Clock of the Forenoon of the same Day, and placed on a Table there for that Purpose, and shall then and there severally attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said Tickets, to be fe Method to be yerally taken out of the other two Boxes in which they hall have been locked up, and the Tickets Qr ob, erved in

Lots in the respective innermost Boxes, being in the Presence of the said Managers or Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as will be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well shaken and mingled in each Box distinctly, and some one indifferent and fit Person, to Be appointed and directed by the Managers or Directors aforesaid, or the major Part of that m, or such of them as shall be then present, hall take out and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put, and one other indifferent.and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall presently. take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said seven hundred and fifty six hortunate, and sixty five thousand nine hundred a?ul eleven Blank Tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid, and immediately both the Tickets so drawn, shall be opened, and the Number, as well

drawing, c.

8 5. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

of the Fortunate as the Blank Ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots, shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall be both put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the fortunate and Blank Lots, shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets, then the principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket, whatever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers or Directors, or the Major Part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coining up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums whereunto they shall be entitled respectively, and two of the said Managers shall set their Names as Witnesses to such Entries; and the said fortunate and numbered Tickets lb drawn together, shall be put upon another File; and so the said Drawing of the Tickets shall continue by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the fortunate Lots, in such Method as is before mentioned, until the whole Number of seven hundred and fifty six Fortunate Tickets, and one more for the la ft as aforesaid. aftersrchda.'s shall be completely drawn; and if the lame cannot be performed in one day's Time, the said Managers Drawing the or Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and iealed in Manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the bi xestobe locjc next ay. fi from jay to Day, and every Day (except Sundays, and Days of Fading or thanks ea up an - - gjving appointed by particular Acts of Parliament, or by the King's Proclamation) and then open the lame, and proceed as above, till the said whole Number of seven hundred and fifty six fortunate Tickets, and 011c more, shall be completely drawn as aforesaid; afterwards the said numbered Tickets lb drawn with the Fortunate Tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers or Directors, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust and settle the Property thereof. r'^atetick* XV. And, to the End the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what Degree they have Z antthe ^cen f Be enabled, That as soon as the drawing is over, the said Managers or Directors shall, as soon Sunis, to be as conveniently may be, cause to be printed and published the Number of the Tickets drawn against: noted., each Fortunate Ticket, and the principal Sum written on the same; and if any Contention or Dispute Disputes relating f]iai] arise in the adjusting the Property of the said fortunate Tickets, the major Part of the said Managers Idjufled by the or Directors agreeing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong.

Penalty of forg

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge ing Tickets or or counterfeit any Receipt or Receipts, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, to be made forth Certificates. in pursuance of this at, or alter any the Numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any f; Ife, altered, forged or counterfeited Receipt or Receipts, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, or bring any forged or counterfeit Receipt, Ticket or Certificate, or any Receipt, Ticket or Certificate, the number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said imanagers or Directors, or any of them, or to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Officers for the Time being, or to any such Receiver or Receivers, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention; then every such Person being thereof Felony, convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony,

without Benefit of Clergy; and the said Managers or Directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit Receipt, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, to be apprehehended, and to com n.it him, her or them to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

to be

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who iwora. shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager or Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his

acting in such Commission, shall take the Oath following; that is to say,

7h: Oath; < T A.D. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any in ' 1 direct Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any indirect Art or Means, to obtain a ' Prize or fortunate Lot, for myself or any other Person whatsoever; that I will do the utmost of my Endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister Practice to be done by any Person whatsoever; ' that I will, to the best of my Judgement, declare to whom any Prize, Lot or Ticket of Right does be 1 long, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign in that Behalf.

So help me God.

aivrr.mrfr net piyin|< bn whole

Cor fijcration inoncy by the '1 im t limited,

0 all lof? the advanced M; ney.

Which said Oath shall and may he administered by any two or more of the other Managers or Directors.

XVIII. Provided also, That in case a Moiety of the Sum payable in respect of any Number of Tickets, shall have been advanced and paid down to such Cashier or Cashiers, or such other Receiver or Receivers, and the Remaining Part of the Sum so to be paid in full for such Tickets as aforesaid, shall not he paid on or before the ime of Payment as aforesaid; and in every such Case, the Moiety of the Price of such Tickets so paid down as aforesaid, shall be forfeited to his Majesty for the Use of the Public, and in such Case no I ickcts shall be delivered out by such Cashier or Cashiers, or such other Receiver or Receivers, but the Tickets which should have been delivered, if the full Money for the same had been paij, shall be returned and delivered to the said Managers or Directors by such Cashier or

2 Cashiers*

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 5,

Cashiers, or such other Receiver or Receivers, together with the other Tickets (if any) in the outermost Column of the Book or Books, first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which hall not have been disposed of to Contributors as aforesaid; such Tickets, upon which Defaults of Payments hall Tickets not have been made as aforesaid, hall be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, with other the disposed of frail laid undisposed Tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as Cash, and to be issued and disposed of for 1p, lv5rcij "'tq the purposes, and in the Manner herein before directed and appointed with Respect to the said undisposed the xcietjer* Tickets; and no Person hall, in that Case, have or receive, or be entitled to have or receive, any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of the Money which which shall have been paid towards the Purchase of such Tickers; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys to Managers, c. arise by the said Contributions to the Lottery as aforesaid, or out of any other Aids or Supplies granted to be paid by the or to be granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any ^rvatmyout three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or of theloticry more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being to reward the said Managers or Directors, Money.

and the Clerks and Officers to be employed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and may be any Ways employed in this Service, for their Labour and Pains, 'and also to discharge all such incident Expenses as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons in Great Britain Penalty of Telling or Ireland shall sell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or any Share or Chances or Shares in any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery for a Day, or Part of a Day, or for a longer lime, gtsarf*r°3*less than the whole Time of drawing the Lottery then to come; or hall receive any Money whatsoever, Time than the on Consideration of the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money in case any Ticket or Tickets in the drawing of the said Lottery shall prove fortunate; or shall lay any Wager relating to the drawing of any Ticket or Lottery 5 Tickets in the said Lottery, either as to the Time of such Ticket or Tickets being drawn, or whether or of laying v/a such icket or Tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every Person and Persons who gers relative to shall offend in any of the aforesaid Matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum and Sums of Money which the Chance shall have been received by such Person and Persons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, r'ckels;

to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tvrstminster or Dublin respectively, in which no eftoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, where to be or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his sued for.

Heirs or Successors, and the other Adoiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; Application and every such Sale, Wager or Contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be and is hereby thereof, declared to be null and void.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Pci Tonnes in Great Persons selling Britain or Ireland hall keep any Office or Offices, or shall print or publish any Scheme or Proposal for Shares in Tickets receiving any Sum or Sums of Money in Consideration of an Interest to be granted for the same in any or vhlch they' Ticket or Number of tickets in the said Lottery, whereof such Person or Persons shall not then be ac^po el 0*tually possessed, or in Consideration of any Sum or Sums of Money to be repaid, in Case any Ticket or

Number of Tickets in the said Lottery which shall not be in the actual possession of such Person or Persons shall prove fortunate; all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred to forpe; t -00j<

Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts

of Record at ivcjbninsler or Dublin respectively; in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Application

Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame; thereof.

and also hall fufter three Adonths Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offence against any of Offences com the Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom; for preventing private and unlawful Lotteries, hall be mitted in Ireland committed in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment, to be inflicted in like

Adanner, as if the Offence was committed in this Kingdom; and that such Penalties as by any of the said eventing un adrs are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall, in case lawful Lotteries, of Offences committed against any of the said Acts in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts declared to be of Record in Dublin. punifrabie,

., and may be sued

XXIII. And to the End that the Payments upon the Tickets to which any Prize or Benefit shall be After the draw long, maybe more easily ascertained, settled and adjusted, for the Persons who shall be and become in ing of the lot titled thereunto; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as conveniently may be tery, the Tickets after the Drawing of the said Lottery shall be completed and ended, all such Tickets, the Proprietors to be exchanged, whereof fnr.il be entitled to any Prize or Benefit, shall be exchanged for Certificates to be signed by such fvrfertifipts?, of the said Managers or Directors, as shall be appointed for that Purpose, by any three or more of the

give timely Notice by a.dvcrtisement to be printed and published in Manner as they ball think fit, of in the Tickets, the Days and Times for taking in the said Tickets, and delivei ing out the said Certificates, for and i n and delivering Lieu of the same; and every person's Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to their bringing out the Certift'

their tates'

io C 6? 7.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Book to be kept for entering persons Names, 2nd the Numbers ot their tickets, c.

Certificates to be signed, &c.

525002 1, 12 s.

6 d. to be paid cut of the sup plas into the Bank before 20 Jar., next, for Payment of the Prizes.

Cashier to make Payment thereof accordingly.

Treasury to pay the incident Charges attending the Execution of this Act.

and to moke Allowance to the Bank, Sec for their Trouble and Pains.

sol. Penalty on Officer taking any Pee, tec. for receiving or paying Moneys on this Act.

Persons faed on this Act may plead the General Blue,

Treble coaj.

their Tickets to the said Office or Offices so to be appointed for exchanging the same, to which Purpose such Officer or Officers hall enter or cause to be entered into a Book or Books to be by him or them kept for that Purpose, the Name of every Person who brings any Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets which shall be so brought by such Person or Persons, the Value in principal Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord, when the same was so brought, which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned to peruse; all which Certificates shall be signed by the Officer or Officers so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys to arise by the Contributions to the said Lottery, or out of any other Aid or Supplies granted or to be granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, there shall and may be issued, at any Time before the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred twenty-five thousand and two Pounds twelve Shillings and six Pence, being the Moiety of the whole Sum of one million fifty thousand and five Pounds and five Shillings, hereby directed to be raised by way of Lottery and that out of such Sum or Sums so issued, the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, hall upon Demand, on or at any Time after the said twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, pay to the several Persons who shall be entitled to receive the Prizes or Benefits in such Certificates expressed, or the several Bearers of such Certificates, the several principal Sums contained in every such Certificate.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of one million fifty thousand and five Pounds and five Shillings, or out of any other Aids or Supplies to be granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as hall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they hall think just and reasonable for the Service, Pains and Labour of the several Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Execution of the Trust hereby in them reposed; which Allowances in Respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer and Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any other Tiling to be done in Pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that the Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee or Gratuity, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full cots of Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or plaintiff's shall become nonsuited; such Defendant or Defendants hall have treble Costs to him or them awarded, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

CAP. VII.

Tenter Prvviji An A to discontinue for a limited Time the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also c9nc",; inz upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour, as have been or shall be taken

ctm. c. 5.* from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

J 5 Car, 2. c. 7.

42 Car. 2. C 13. I j'.ic. 2. C 19. 1 IV & M. [i. 1. c. 12 (£? 24. 11 & 12 W. 3. C 20. ia & 13 TV. 3. C 10. $ Ann, C 29. 2 Geo. 2. C i3. 5 c7r<r*

3. r. 12. it Geo. 2. i. 22. 24 go. 2. C 56. 26get. 2, {. 15. 30 OV*. z. (. 1.

WHEREAS the discontinuing of the Duties for a limited Time upon Corn and Flour imported into this Kingdom, and also upon Such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour, as have been or shall be taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, may be of Advantage to his Majesty's Subjects; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confuit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this nrefent Parliament nf

fembkd.

a-d.1757.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 8.

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Subsidy, Custom, Rate, Duty or other Imposition The enimnersted

whatsoever - be demanded, collected, received or taken, upon any Corn or Flour which shall be im Commodities for

ported into this Kingdom, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fourth Day of August next; nor

shall any Subsidy, Custom, Rate, Duty or other Imposition whatsoever, be demanded, collected, re duty freehand

ceived or taken, upon any Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit or Flour, which have been or shall be carriedcoafiwife,

taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, at any Time or Times before the said twenty

fourth Day of August; but that all such Corn and flour, and also all such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread,

Biscuit and Flour, shall and may be imported, brought in and landed. Duty free, and may also be carried Coastwise, under such Regulations as Corn of the Growth of this Kingdom is now allowed to be carried Coastwise, at all Times before the said twenty-fourth Day of August; any former Law, Statute,

Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be Entry to be made made in such Manner and Form as were used and practised before the making of this Act, of all Corn, thereof; Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour, which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, before

the said twenty-fourth Day o August at the Customhouse belonging to the Port into which the same shall be imported or brought in, or otherwise in Default of making such Entry, such Corn, Grain, Meal, otherwise to be Bread, Biscuit and Flour, shall be liable and subject to such and the same Duties, as were payable upon subject to Duty the Importation thereof before the making of this Act; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General General Issue; Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or aif continue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have Treble cob. in other Cases by Law; and if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great sults in Scotland. Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall allow the Defender to plead this Acton his Defence; and if the Pursuer shall not insist on his Action, of if Judgement Continued by shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defender shall and may recover the full and real Expenses he 3l?ef 2A' 'Y1, may have been put to by any such Action or Suit. Geo. 2. C z.

and see 3 a Geo.

p A P VIII 2 c 8- h

tt. I. VIII^the Prohibition it

An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines. taktn f'

WHEREAS for recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, it is necessary that a new Supply of Men be forthwith raised within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by common Consent

and Grant in Parliament; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and throughout the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, p&rishes, Towns and Places A Levy of able of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual Levy of able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty as Soldiers, hall bodied Men to b. c. be forthwith had, made, practised and put in Execution, according to the Rules and Directions of this Britain present Act. rea n dm'

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, Shire, Stewartry, justices of the Riding, Liberty or Place, within Great Britain, and all and every the Persons who were named, or other feace, commis wife appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament made and passed at fjon?-of the Westminster, in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand Corporations to even hundred and fifty-five; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of certain Places in the County of Lincoln, in put this AIN respect of Arrears of the land-tax, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, within Execution; the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, therein particularly expressed, who are still living, and have duly qualified themselves according to the said Acts, or shall duly qualify themselves according to this present Act in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the Line Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places of Great Britain, for which they were so named or appointed respectively; and that all and every' the other Persons who are named or otherwise appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ffty seven; and for diseharging certain Arrears of Laud Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears for the future, within or for the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings,

Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, or any of them respectively, or such of the Persons last mentioned, as shall also duly qualify themselves according to this Act in that Behalf, shall also be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and

C

for

12

C 8.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

for the same respectllve Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and PI ces of Great Britain, for which they are so named or appointed respectively; that all and every the Justices of the peace, and Magistrates of Corporations and Burghs in any Part of Great Britain, who are or shall be in any of his Majesty's Commissions of the Peace, or in the Magistracy of such Corporation or Burgh, at any Time during the Execution of this Act, Who flail duly qualify themselves according to this present Act in that Behalf (although not specially named or appointed Commissioners by the said Act) shall be likewise Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and all the Powers and take C re, therein contained, within the Limits of their Commissions and Jurisdictions respectively: All which that his Maje Commissioners by this af intruded with the Execution of the same, are hereby ftridfly enjoined and required to use their utmost Care and Diligence that his Majesty's Service, in making such Levies as aforesaid, be not disappointed or negledfed.

JII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the High Sheriff of every County, or

Jtv $ Service be

oat negwted.

k.gh Sheriffs,

f err/ " Seci- -- Deputy, immediately upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, flail lend tary at War, to Precepts to the respective Bailiffs, or others who are usually employed to fununon Juries, although in issue precepts/or Liberties out of the ordinary Jurisdiction of the said High Sheriff, directing them to iummon the several the Commission Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, within their respective Divisions and liber cua!/'c r*es' to attcn^ at replace of Meeting in every Division, upon a certain Day in the said Precepts

\lr'r'>. - named, within the Time limited by the Secretary at War (Notice of which Day shall be lent to the Notice of the War Office and Admiralty, upon the issuing of the Precepts by the Sheriff] to qualify themselves for the Day of Meeting Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners flail then and there appoint the several Times and »lese«.to, hepiaces for the succeeding Meetings in each of their respective sub divisions during the Continuance of 'rs this Act; and the said Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, at such their first: to appoint the Meeting, or at some other Meeting to be held as soon as it can be conveniently, flail issue their Precepts Times and Places to the High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers for the respective Hundreds, Lathes, rf their succeed Rapes, Wapentakes or other sub divisions, within the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings or mb Meeting^as aforesaid; which Precept flail contain an Account of the Times and Places appointed for r hat purpoft5 the Succeeding Meetings, and shall be returnable on a Day therein to be named, within twenty Days, to the highcon and not Rfs than fourteen Days, from the Time of issuing thereof; and such High Constables, headbo stables, c. roughs or other proper Officers, are hereby required forthwith to signify the Times and Places appointed, rd to give No 'for such Meetings, to the several Commissioners reftding within their respective Districts; the said rice therec* a/o Commissioners assembled at such first Meeting to qualify themselves as aforesaid, flail also give Notice of officers as 'ffi: u7 the und Place of all and every succeeding Meeting to be appointed as aforesaid, to the Military

attend this Ser Officer whom they flail have learned, by Notice from the Secretary at War, to be directed to attend this ie. Service.

sheriffs to be al

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all reasonable Charges or Expenses incurred by loved by the Ex gtny Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff in the Execution of this Act, shall be allowed in the Accounts of such gence^ntheex Sheriff at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

tiution or this Af.

Every Pufcn voluntarily m lilting himself, mtitlrd to 3 1. ihjunty money,

Volunterrs to be delivered to the Military Officers; and an Entry to be made of their homer, Places of Abedc, hums paid them, ar. d the Officers re eiv.ng them. Duflicates ihcre cl to be tunf n.ittrd to the War Office.

Volunteers to receive l'.iy from tl ctn.ic cf tl nr enterng; and to be d.lcharged at th ti.d cf tl re V m, or ( f ihc a1, if tla y demand it.

V. And for the Encouragement of fit and able Persons voluntarily to enter into his Majesty's Service, Be it enacted, That every such Person who flail, on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, voluntarily enter himself into his Majesty's Service, before the said commissioners, at their fit ft or any subsequent Meeting, flail by Warrant of any three or more of the said Commissioners, receive the Sum of three Pounds out of the Money of the Land Tax, arisen or to arise in the Years one thousand seven hundred and fifty six and one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or either of them, then being in the Hands of any Receiver-general, or of any Collector thereof, within the County or Place for which the said Commissioners are appointed; and thereupon the Commissioners then present, or any three of them, flail forthwith cause such Volunteers to be delivered to the Officers appointed to receive them; and flail cause an Entry to be made in some Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, or such Clerk as they flail appoint, of the Names of such Volunteers, and of the pa riflies or Place's of their last Abode (if they can be known) and of the Time and Place when and where they did so enter themselves, and of the Sums paid to them, and by whom such Payments were made, and of the Names of the Officers or Persons who received such Volunteers, and for what Regiment or Company they were received; and flail cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by three or mgre of the said Commissioners then present, within forty Days after the Delivery of such Volunteers, to be transmitted into the Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being, to be compared with the muster rolls.

VI. And it is hereby declared, That the Pay of every such Volunteer flail commence from the Time that he flail so enter himself into his Majesty's Service; and that every such Volunteer, after he flail have continued in the military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Space of three Years, if the War flail then be ended, or otherwise at the End of the War, shall be at Liberty fif he think, fit) to demand his Discharge from the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Company to which lie flail belong; and such Discharge shall be granted to him gratis in Writing under the Hand of such Colonel or Commanding Officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the same accordingly; on Pain of suffering the Penalties usually inflicted for Disobedience to Orders; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 8.

*3

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the warrants by this Act directed to be issued by the Warrants for said Commissioners for the Encouragement of Volunteers as aforesaid, shall be satisfied by such Receivers ^bc^atwith or Collectors as aforesaid, to whom such Warrants shall be directed, without any Abatement for Fees, u: Cany d«(uc gratuities, Charges, Poundage, or any other Pretence whatsoever, and shall be allowed upon their Action. counts; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; the said Receivers General, and their Receivers one respective Deputies, and the said Collectors of the Land fax Money, or any of them, upon the Sum ral> and colkc mons of the said of, or any three or more of them, shall attend at the said Meetings for re ^evting ofc^m ceiving Volunteers as aforesaid, and duly pay to the said Volunteers the Rewards prescribed by this AI, Aifiioners, to as they will answer at their Peiil any Delay or obstruction to his Majesty's Service which may happen pay the Bounty, by their Defaults.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, 40s. of every

or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to cause forty Shillings of every Pound of the Pa £1^ Money which shall be supplied out of the Land Tax Money for the Year one thousand seven hundred "0 taepaid into and fifty six, and one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or either of them, for Payment of the En the Exchequer couragements aforesaid, to be repaid into his Majesty's Exchequer by the respective Paymasters of his by the paymaf majesty's Forces, put of such Money as they shall receive for the said Forces, to make good the respectters of theforcea. tive Credits on the said Land Taxes, and to be applied to the satisfaction of such Principal and Interest jmenticd a (if any) as shall be remaining thereupon. of thi^session.'

30 Geo. 2. c. 13.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Three Comm; i

three or more of them, in their respective Places or Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and im floners 'mpower

powered to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, at any Time or Times during the Continuance

of this at, within their several Limits and Jurisdictions, all able-bodied idle, and disorderly

who cannot, upon Examination, prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful Trade or Employment, or to have some Substance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance, to serve his Majesty as Soldiers; and to require and command all and every the High Constables, Church ant', to call in the wardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen, and other Parish Assistance ofpa and 1'own Officers, or any of them, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, to be aiding and7* Town assisting to them the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the Performance of this his

majesty's Service; and for that Purpose the Lid of, or any three of them, are to meet in and to meet in

their respective sub tiivinons, according to the Appointment of the Justices and Commissioners as afore their sub tvi said, and to iftiie out their Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, thereby requiring and commanding Search

such Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constable, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, or other warrants Parish or Town Officers, or else requiring and commanding the said High Constables to iftiie their Pre bringing Persons cepts to such Churchwardens, Overseers, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other pa within the Derail and Town Officers as aforesaid, every or any of them, to make or cause to be made a General Search scrip ion of this within their respective Pnrh hes, Townships, Constablewicks, or other Places, for all such Persons as ^hci^second" they can find, who are or shall appear to them to be within the Description of this at, and to bring all mcccm<r.cc such Persons before the Commissioners, who have Power to execute this at, in and for such County,

Shire, Stewartry, Riding or Division, at such Time and Place as' shall have been appointed by the juf ticcs and Commissioners as aforesaid, for the second Meeting of the said Commissioners, in their respective sub divisions, which Time and Place shall be prefixed in the said Warrants and Precepts respectively; afterwards the said Commissioners within their respective Limits and Divisions, shall meet at such convenient Time or Times as they shall think fit, in order to issue their like Warrants or Precepts, for making General Searches for Persons within the said Description, and for bringing them before the Commissioners at any future Times and Places appointed by the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act.'

X Provided always, That in case the second Meeting appointed to be held in any sub division, shall 1 he second

be at To great a Distance of Time, as may render it inconvenient to iftiie Warrants for bringing persons ^(bnt^co n before such Commissioners at the second Meeting, then the Commissioners of such sub division respectmiffnnerstn" tively may adjourn themselves to some convenient Day, previous to such second Meeting, in older to their Sub divi issue their Warrants as aforesaid may adjourn

to a pro

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other Officers of any Parish or Township, or any of them, at any Time after the said second Meeting of the said commissioners, without tarrying for any such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to feareh for, and apprehend all, or any such Persons as they, or any of them shall find, or shall appear to them, or any of them, to be within the Description of this Act, and to secure such Persons (in case they shall think it necessary) in the Gaol or House of Correction, or public Prison where Debtors are not usually confined, of the County, Town or Place, where such Persons shall be apprehended, and the Keeper of such Gaol,

House of Correction or Prison, shall receive such Persons without Fee or Reward, and the Parish Officers shall allow such Keeper six Pence by the Day for each Person, during the Time that they shall remain there, and shall convey them before the Commissioners, at their next Meeting for lifting of Soldiers, to be examined, and (if judged within the Description of this Act) to be lifted and delivered into his Majesty's Service, according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall attend this Service at the Place or Places for listing Soldiers as aforesaid, shall strictly

examine

vious Day. Afier such second imeeting, the Parish and Town Officers imy feareh for and secure such Pet suns as come within the Description of tisis Act, and convey there. before Ocmmifioriera to be lifted.

Commissionera to examine ihc f<yd Persons,

*4

C 8.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

examine the persons who shall be brought before them, by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, confta anjrf sound pro bles, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, or other Parish or Town Officers as aforesaid; and in case the said vkefor "e oer' Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, upon Examination of the Persons so brought before them, shall find that such Persons shall come within the Description herein mentioned, and the said Commissioners, and the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed to receive the impressied Men, shall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause such Persons to be delivered over by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen or other Parish or Town Officers, to such Officers or Persons as shall be appointed to receive such Recruits as aforesaid, such Officers, cr Persons giving a Receipt under their Hands, acknowledging what Men are so delivered to him or them, which Receipt they are hereby required to give.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Officers who shall receive such new raised Men, shall pay to the Clerk appointed by the Commissioners for the Use of the Officers of the Parish or Town so employed in the raising such Men, for their Pains and Services therein, twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Alan so raised; shall also pay for every "such new raised Man, who shall have a Wife or Family, any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, to the said Clerk, to be by him paid over as is herein after directed, into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Benefit of such Parish or Township, in which such new raised Man shall have gained a Settlement, and whose Wife or Family Wife or Family; may become chargeable to such Parish or Township respectively; Sum shall be settled by the Commissioners present at the Meeting when such Person shall be infilled, or any three or more of them, Regard being had to the Number of Children, or other particular Circumstances of such Person so inti hs Parlfhoc bfted, fr both which Payments the Clerk shall give a Receipt, and the Sum of six Pence per Diem, for f.eers' Arc! lor keeping every such new raised Man who shall be delivered as aforesaid, according to the Number of the Time they Days that the Officers of the said Parish or Town shall have kept him in Custody, pursuant to the have kept him. Powers granted by this Act, until such Delivery; the said Allowances of twenty Shillings, and of six Dilutes relating Pence per Diem, in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to or amongst the said churchwar tletbvthebcom ^cns> Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and such other Parish and Tc missioners.

to deliver them to the Military Officers;

Officers to give Receipts for them;

and to cey to the Parish and Town Officers 20s. for every such Man; and to the Churchwardens, a Sum not exceeding 40 s. nor Jcfs than 10s. if such Man have

Town Officers, or the major Part

17, nor above 45 Years of Age, nor t'apilu, nor who are under 5 Fict Inches.

Persons discharg rd as not within

or any of them, according to the Judgement and Direction of the said Commissioners of them then present.

Commissioners

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commission^vl're °3it0'ners' or any three or more of them, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered, lowed tole Pa by and out of the said Sum of twenty Shillings, herein before directed to be paid for the Use of the Offi tiffi officers, zs. cers of the Parish or Town so employed in the raising of such Men, to allot and order such Sum as they to thecorjiabler. shall think fit, to the respective High Comlables within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, for their Pains and Service in the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings.

able-bodied

XV. Provided always, That no Person shall be infilled by the said Commissioners by Virtue of this Men only to be Act, who is not such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures and ted > other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the

on un r Of a Soldier; and that no Man be infilled for his Majesty's Service by Virtue of this Act, who shall appear in the Opinion of the Commissioners, or Officer or Officers appointed to receive the impressied Men, to be under the Age of seventeen Years, or above the Age of fortyfive Years, or a known Papist, or or who shall be under the Size of five Feet four Inches without Shoes.

XVI. And for the better preventing any Disputes which may arise about paying for the Subsistence 1 of those Persons, who having been apprehended and detained by Virtue of this Act, may afterwards be discharged upon Examinationbefore the Commissioners and Military Officers Be it further enacted t - Defer] don by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being judged by the Commissioners not to be within the o' the aj, l*a Description of this Act, shall be by them discharged, the Officers of the Parish or Town shall be inti r'lffi not to be a! tied to no Consideration, for their Expences in.keeping such Person; if any Person being judged by lowed their Ex the Commissioners to be within the Description of this Atfl, shall be rejected by the Military Officer, FCT Th' boer shall pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town six Pence per Diem, for the whole Time non and rf\ si that they shall have kept every such Person, to be charged to the Account of his respective Regiment or ei.bjofficer, of Company; and every Officer who shall object to any Person delivered to him by the Commissioners, shall fi cr to p.iy the specify his Objection to such Person, whether it shall be to his Age or Size, or bodily Disability, and Txpcncca of the Grounds of such Objection shall be forthwith (as far as may be) inquired into by the said commis (c ppln'c|ov boners, and they shall proceed accordingly; and every Officer who shall refuse or discharge any Person 1 - V irder' delivered to him by the Commissioners as fit to serve his Majesty within the Description of this Act, shall, ! into by without Delay transmit to his Majesty's Secretary at War, his Reason for such Refusal or Discharge, in nun niniicif. Writing, arrested by himself.

F ./cm cf Dif

chitge to be tunfrriitted to the Secretary at War.

Jl inhjh ants

XVII. And it is hereby enacted and strictly enjoined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitant's

f tin wt 11 J cvcry ^a!ifh and Township, where any Persons described as aforesaid do abide, or are to be found, at

t, the Instance of anyone or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act, or of any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or Constable of the same Parish or Township, shall (not hating a lawful or reasonable Excuse to the contrary) be aiding and ailifting in the Furtherance of his Majesty's Service by this Act dtfcished.^ 3

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8. 15

XVIII. And to encourage such Inhabitants and others to assist in discovering and apprehending such 6 Persons described as aforesaid j' It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any 10$. Premium Person shall discover and give Information of any able-bodied Man fit to serve his Majesty within the such as d, f "Description of this at, so that he shall be apprehended and enlisted before the Commissioners as afore pyrfcm7opast'e said, such Person for every Man so discovered and enlisted, shall receive from the Officer to whom such be enlisted.

Man shall be delivered, the Sum of ten Shillings out of the twenty Shillings, which he is elsewhere di Set. 13. rected to pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town, for every Man enlisted by Virtue of this at, and the Remainder only of the said twenty Shillings shall in that Case be paid to such Officers.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for c^rks to be ap the said Commissioners, at their first General Meeting assembled, to appoint a Clerk to attend them, then Commissioners and at each of their subsequent Meetings, and for the Commissioners of the several sub divisions, to ap at there qs, point a Clerk to attend them at their respective Meetings in each sub division wherein Soldiers are to be neral Meeting, lifted as aforesaid; such respective Clerks, as a Reward for their Labour and Pains in the Execution ciciks to be ap of this AI, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Man who shall be lifted in Pursuance of this point*d for at

AI, at the Meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, the Sum of two Shillings of lawful Money ]^qn, c0fcom»

of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective Officer who shall receive such new raised Men respectmissioners in tively. their subdivisions.

Clerks to be paid by the Officer 2 s. for every Man enlisted.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or such of The feeond and them as shall be present at such Meeting for lifting of Soldiers as aforesaid, shall cause the feeond and sixth sixth Sections of Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion to be read to such new raised Men, in the vva/tobe^ead Presence of the said Commissioners then there \ and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them bcf0rrg7: on»mif present, shall forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Book or Books to be kept by them sioners to new or their Clerks for that purpose of the Names of such new raised Men, and of the Parishes or Places of raised Men. their last Abode (if they can be known) and of the Time and Place when and were such Men were deli Names of the vered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and for what Regiment or Company they were so received, and the Sums paid, and t be entes shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by the said Commissioners, or any three or in a Book, more of them then present, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmit Attested Copy ted into the Admiralty or Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being, to be compared thereof to be with the muster roll; and every Clerk for every Neglect or Default, in not transmitting the said Copies transmitted or Duplicates of such Entries, to the Admiralty or Office of the Secretary at War as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, lor offceof and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in some of the Secretary atwar, Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Sessions in Scotland; and it is hereby declared, that the on Penalty of Pay of every such new raised Man, so delivered to the Officers or Persons appointed to receive them as 10 aforesaid, shall commence from the Time of his being taken and secured as aforesaid; from and after Application of such Delivery as aforesaid, and reading the said Articles of War, every Person so raised shall be deemed a the penalty listed Soldier to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be subject to the discipline of War, and in Case of Commen(; emtrnt Desertion, shall be proceeded against as a Deserter by any Law now in Force, or by any Law to be made After^vticles5©# for Punishment of Deserters; no Person so lifted, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Ser War read, sol vice, by any Process other than for some criminal Matter. diers deemed to

be lifted, and

subject to Martial Law. No lifted Person to be taken out of the Service, but for some criminal Matter.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, who shall have been present at any such Meeting where any new raised Man shall have been xlelivered over as aforesaid, or for the major Part of themj upon the Demand of such Man, or of any other Person on his Behalf, signified to their Clerk within four Days after such Meeting, and by him notified to each of the said Commissioners, to appoint a further Meeting of the same Commissioners, to be held within six Days after the making of such Demand; and if upon further and more certain Information, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them at such further Meeting shall find that such new raised Man was not, at the Time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within the Description of this at, they are hereby required to certify the same under their Hands and Seals to his Majesty's Secretary at War, who on the Receipt of such Certificate shall cause the Man to be forthwith discharged, upon his paying to the Officer to whom he was delivered over, the Sum of six Pence for his Maintenance for each Day that he shall have been detained, under the Authority of this Act; and the Clerk appointed by the Commissioners shall repay to such Officer (without See or other Deduction) the several Sums before paid to him by the said Officer, and shall give back the Receipts taken as above directed, in exchange for a Copy of the man's Discharge; and in case no such Discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said Clerk shall, after the Expiration of fourteen Days, from the Time that such new raised Man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without Fee or Deduction, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, under the Directions of this act, the several Sums deposited in his Hands for that Purpose,

If no Discharge be obtained, Clerk to pay ever the Sums deposited to the Commissioners present at the delivering over any Recruit, may appoint a further Meeting; and finding him not to be within the Description of the Act, are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, and th Man to be discharged, upon Payment of his subfif tence money.

Officer to be repaid, and Receipts to be returned.

proper person*.

i6 C 8.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Officers may secure impressed Men.

None to be in

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to empower Lfted 'till the the said Commissioners to enlist any Personas a Soldier until the several Sums herein directed to be paid she^officers'ar^ respective Officers appointed to receive such new raised Men, hall be first paid to the Person or

first paid, ers a: - Persons respectively authorised to receive the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers, and other Person or Persons appointed to attend the said Commissioners, and to receive such impressed Men, shall, in case he or they hall find it necessary, secure such impressed Men in some secure House or Place to be provided by the Justices of the Peace in their Petty or Special Sessions for that Purpose; in case no such House or Place shall be so provided, then in the Gaol of the County, Town or 'lace where such Man shall be received into his Majesty's Service, or in the House of Correction, or other public Prison of such County, Town or Place where Debtors are not usually confined; and the Keeper of such Gaolr House of Correction or Prison shall receive such impressed Men until they can be removed, without Fee or Reward; and such Keeper shall he allowed the usual Subsistence for such Men during the Time they, shall remain there, from the Officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; the Constables, Headboroughs another civii Officers, hall (if required) be assisting to such Officer in conveying such Man or Men, to such secure Place, Gaol or House of Correction; and shall be allowed Inch reasonable Sum or Sums, as the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall appoint to be paid by the Officer or Officers who shall require such Assistance.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose upon any Gaoler or Keeper of a House of Correction or Prison, who shall fuller any Person committed to his Custody in pursuance of this Act to escape, upon any High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Petty Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default in the Execution of any Warrant, Order or Precept, to them or any of them directed in pursuance of this at, a Fine not exceeding ten Pounds; and to cause every such b ine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners, and to pay the said Fine to the Informer or Informers.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of this at, in the searching for, taking and securing such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hundred or frustrated, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to the Use of the Informer or Informers; and all and every such Offences may be inquired of heard and finally determined by any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners; and if the Offenders have no Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to, the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the taking or levying any Person to serve as a Soldier, who shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners then present, that he hath any Vote in the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, in any County, City, Borough, Town, Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Keeper lobs allowed their sub fule: ice money. Civil Officers, if required, to be aiding in securing the m.

Commissioners may levy a Fine rot exceeding To 1. on Caoler lor Escape of Men,

and on Parish Officers for Neglect ot Duty.

Persons obstruct ing the Execution of this Ask to t'orleit 10 1.

For want of Distress, Offender to be committed. Persons who have a Vote in the Election of Members of Parliament, not li trlile to be lifted. No Military Officer may be a Commissioner,

X mitition of Actions,

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

No Soldier or Marine to be riif.ha'ged without a Certificate fr«m his Colonel, ftc.

ot which a du p nate to be iranfrrutted to ttie Scucury at War.

olvrr breaking tint Order to bp U Untied,

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That no Person who at the Tiny of the Execution of this Act, shall have any Military Office or Employment in Great Britain (other, than in the Militia) shall execute any Power or Authority by this Act given to Commissioners as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in Pursuance or Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Months after the Offence committed, and such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue Not guilty, and upon any Issue joined, may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and it the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant shall recover treble Costs; which they shall have the like Remedy, as in any Case where Costs by the Lavare given to Defendants.

XXIX. And for the better obviating such Frauds and Abuses as may be practised in discharging of Soldiers; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Soldier who shall be duly lifted into his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act (during the Time such Soldiers shall remain in Great Britain) shall be discharged from his Majesty's Service, without the Consent of the Colonel, or in his ab fence, the? ield Officer commanding in Chief the Regiment, first had and obtained in Writing under their Hands and Seals for that Purpose, in which Writing the Cause of his Discharge shall be exp relied, and a Duplicate or Copy of every such Discharge, forthwith transmitted to the Secretary at War, to be by him kept and entered in a Book; or if a Marine, without the Consent of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being first had and obtained; and any Officer that shall prefmre to discharge any Soldier inlisted puifutpit to this Act, in any other Manner contrary to this Act, shall for such Offence be cashiered.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 8.

1

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person who shall be impreited upon this imported Men Act, after he shall have continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during after.five Years the Space of five Years, if the War shall then be ended, or otherwise at the end of the War, shall be at Charged" if Liberty if he think fit to demand his Discharge from the Colonel, or in his Absence, the Officer com they demand it. manding the Regiment or Company to which he shall belong, and such Discharge shall be granted to him

gratis in Writing under the Hand of such Colonel or Officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the same accordingly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks to the said Commissioners, provided the Clerks to be re said Copies or Duplicates be duly transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty, or Secretary at War as Trouble In'^aforesaid, shall have and receive by the Hands of the Paymasters of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma transmiitin^ the rines, or one of them, such Rewards as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for Duplicates, the Time being, upon Consideration of the Numbers of Men lifted in the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, or other Places, and the Pains and Charges of the several Clerks in this Service, shall judge the said Clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXII. Provided always, That his Majesty, when he shall be satisfied by the said Returns of the Commissioners, or otherwise, that a sufficient Number of Recruits in the whole shall be raised for his citation present Service, may be graciously pleased to suspend or stop^'* - A n

clamation, or Order in Council, or other public Notice in tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he shall at any Time suspend or enforce the Execution of this Act,

the further Execution of this Act by pro the London Gazette; anything herein con

the Execution of this Act j

ient for his Service, may or Place of Great Britain from his Majesty's Secretary at War; anything herein contained to the contrary

judge it expedi in any County

or may suspend, enforce the not with Act, in any

County or Place.

line A Wli 11j V> avv igll UJ lvijlg (U1U v^uccl

of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths; in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign

by Notice standing.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, persons em churchwarden, Overseer, Constable, Headborough, T ythingman, or other Parish or down Officer, who ployed in the shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable for or by reason of such Execution, to any Execution of of the Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

Second, For preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; or in one other Act made in the p^hies^tace first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths, 5 car. z. C 2.

or in one other Act made in the Parliament held lw&m.sexi. of the late King William the Third, entitled, C 8.

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and 13 & 14 W; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and 3- C 6.

Jeeret Abettors.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons hereby appointed to be a Commissioners Commissioner or Commissioners for any County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place, of Eng irl England, not land, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (except such as duly qualified themselves to be Justices of the Peace, 1° act 'j11 the? or Commissioners for executing the said at for the Land Eax made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year rwl^ddointed of his present Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose) shall be PF capable, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Actor executing any the Powers of the Commissioners therein mentioned (unless it be

the Power hereby given of administering Oaths) until such Time as he or they respectively shall have taken the Oaths appointed by an act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other by 1 Oaths; and also in the said Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Set.

Succession of the Crown in the Protes ant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, an 13 V. and all other Pretenders, and their open and Secret Abettors; which Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said Commissioners; and that no Person or Persons hereby appointed to be a nor Commission commissioner or Commissioners for any Part of Scotland (except such as duly qualified themselves, accorders in Scotland, ing to the Laws of Scotland, to be Commissioners there for executing the said Act for the Land Tax made 11, 1 have and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of feivwas thetawg Parliament for that Purpose) shall be capable of ailing as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Exe there direct, cution of this present Add in any Part of Scotland, until such Time as he or they respectively shall have duly qualified themselves according to the Laws of Scotland for that Purpose.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner Commissioners for any County, City, Town or Place, in England, Wales, ot Berwick upon Tweed (except as before in England act

]jave ing before they have taken the

W. & M.

1. C 8.

3*

Oaths,

excepted) shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before he shall taken the said Oaths which by this Act he is required to take, and in the Manner hereby prescribed, shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no forfeit eltoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for any Shire, Nkewartry, Burgh, or Place in Scotland (except as before excepted) shall prefuriie to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before that he shall have qualified himself according to the Laws in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in the same Manner as any other Penalties are there recoverable,

100 L

and commissioners in Scotland, 501,

18 C 8.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Commissioners for the County at large, C.

Qoa'ification of Commissioners for Counties at large with n tneland.

XXXVII. Provided also, That in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners for any: City, Borough, Town, Port or Place of Great Britain (for which by this Act Commissioners are specially

av a t for an app°'nre^) capable of acting according to the respective Qualifications required by this Act, then and in Cuy a&e, r ny every ^"uc^ Case, any the Commissioners appointed for the County, Shire or Stewartry at large, within which such City, Borough, Town or Place doth landor which is next adjoining thereto, may act as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, within such City, Borough, Town, Port or Place; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner of the Land Tax, not being ajustice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of a Corporation or a Borough, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers therein contained, in or for any County at large within England, the Dominion of ivales (the Counties of angle fey, Merioneth, Cardigan, Caerrnarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Caernarvon and Monmouth excepted) or in or for any of the Ridings in the County of York, unless such Person by himself, or his Tenants or Trustees was taxed, or did pay in the same County or Riding, for the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum or more of his own Estate, bywktue of the said Act, for the Land Tax made and passed in England in the twenty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, or unless such Person so appointed to be a Commissioner, shall at the Time of the Execution of this Act, by himself, his Tenants or Trustees, enjoy an Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the said yearly Value of one hundred Pounds or more within the said County or Riding respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons disabkd

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person intended by this Act to be disabled for presuming to act, the Cause last mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this lorfcic sol., ft, or any of the powers therein contained, every such Person for such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Exchequer of Scotland as aforesaid.

XL. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person who is appointed to be a Commissioner for executing this Act in any Part of Great Britain, shall be disabled for the Cause last mentioned from acting as a Commissioner, within and for any City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Corporate Town only, whereof he shall be an Inhabitant at the Time of the Execution of this Act, or from acting as a commissioner within any of the Inns of Court or Inns of Chancery.

XLI. And whereas some Doubts may arise whether Mayors, Bailiffs, and other chief Magistrates of Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate and Cinque Ports, for which Commissioners are specially appointed by virtue of this Act, can aft as Commissioners for executing this Act in the said Cities, Boroughs, ' Towns Corporate and Cinque Ports Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all may yors, Bailiffs, and other chief Magistrates who are appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, shall be, and have Power to Act as Commissioners for executing this Act, within and for any City, Borough, Town Corporate or Cinque Port, wherein they inhabit at the Time of executing this Act, as well where Commissioners are specially appointed by this Act, as where they are not.

XLII. And whereas it may often be expedient for his Majesty's Service, that the Commissioners hereby appointed, shall execute this Act in Cities, Towns, or other Places, when it may not be convenient to enforce the Execution thereof through the County in which such City, Town or Place shall be respectively situate; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor or other chief ufonnotice from Magistrate of every City, Town or Place, shall (upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the secre the secretary at tary at VIR) immediately proceed to put this Act in Execution within their respective Jurisdictions, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, had received such Notice from the Sheriff of the County in which such City, Town or Place shall be respectively situate, thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

xl11l. And it is hereby provided and enacted, That no bailiff's Follower or Assistant, employed or belonging to any Sheriff, Bailiff or Liberties, Marshalsea Court, or any other Person or Persons that shall be so employed, by any one that shall have the Power of executing any Warrant or Process whatsoever, shall be deemed thereby to follow or exercise any Calling or Employment, or to have a sufficient Support and Maintenance within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLIV. And forasmuch as great Inconveniences may happen by impressing Men, during the Time of Harvest; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven until the twenty-fifth Day of October following, no Harvclt Labourer, or Person working at May Marvell or Corn Harvest Work within the Time aforesaid, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be impressed by virtue of this Act, but shall be free and exempted from the lame during the Time aforesaid, provided they have a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister and of one Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or Elders of the Parish or Place where they lire, allowed under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace of the same County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, City or Place, which Certificate shall be given gratis.

XLV. And for the more easy and better putting this Act in Execution; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three or more Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, in the several Ridings of the County of York (being Justices of the Peace) though not all of the same Riding, may, within the Castle of York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of this Act.

XLVI. And whereas diverse Soldiers who have deferred his Majesty's Service, have been harboured in a certain Place called Threapwood, lying within or near the Counties of Chester and Flint, or one of

them,

Commissioners may act for any City, being Inhabitants, or Inns cf Court.

Mayors, Bailiffs, c, to act as Commissioners specially appointed.

Civil Magistrate,

War, to enforce this Act within his Jurisdiction.

biil.fis followers and Assistant?, c. net exempted by this Act.

Labourers, having proper ccr tihuus, not li amr 11 be impelled in har vtfl l'ime.

Commissioners executing tlr* At: within the Caitlc of Vurk.

6 them, and adjoining to the Town of Cuddington in the said County of Chester\ Be it further enacted by commissionei* the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby appointed for the County of Chester, and the of ficers of the said Town of Cuddington, shall execute this at in the said Place called Threapwood, accord Threapwood. ing to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any of the Meetings of the er not at: Commissioners by this Act appointed, in any of their sub divisions, they shall not be attended by some ^ecrufts°com g proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Recruits, either through Negligence or any unavoidable Ac missioners may cident, then and in that Case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners to adjourn adjourn, and or themselves to some other convenient Day, and they are hereby authorised to give Directions for detain derthedetention ing in Custody, all such Persons as shall have been then brought before them by the Parish Officers to be theimpressed; enlisted, or such of them as they shall tliinlc duly qualified for his Majesty's Service; and the said Com Notice of ad missioners shall give Notice to any of the Officers attending on this Service, in the County or Place journmenc to be where such sub divisions shall lie, of the Day of such Adjournment; and the said Officer is hereby re given to any quired, either to attend himself, or to appoint some other Officer to attend such Commissioners, and to Officers attend receive such Persons as the said Commissioners hall enlist into his Majesty's Service; and the Officer so ^6 tins Service, receiving the Recruits, shall pay to such Personas the Commissioners shall appoint, six Pence per Diem, officer to pay for the Subsistence of every Recruit then enlisted, from the Day of the last Meeting of the CommissionSubsistence mo ners, to the said Day of Adjournment, the same to be charged to the Account of the several Regiments ney for every or Companies into which the said Recruits shall be enlisted, together with such Charges and Expenses as recruit; shall appear to the said Commissioners to have been incurred on account of the detaining the said Persons, from the Day of the former Meeting of the said Commissioners, to the Day of such second Meeting, not "ree exceeding three Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act, and everything herein Continuance of contained, shall be and continue in Force until the End of the next Session of Parliament. this Act'

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Entries which the Com form for making missioners of the Land Tax are by this AI required to make, of the Names and Descriptions of all Vo Entries pursuant lunteers, and also of all imprested Men, together with the other Particulars herein before directed, bctotliea<^' made according to the Form hereunto annexed.

recruit's Name. Parish. Height. Age. Description of the Recruits. For what Corps pressed. For what Corps entered voluntarily. Sum'paid By whom paid. Officer who received or refused the Recruit, and on what Day. On what Grounds refused.

Feet. Inches.

V

CAP. IX.

For f3nr.tr Lares

An Act to prohibit for a limited Time the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, tatiom, refer to Bread, Bifcuir, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon and other Victual (except Fish and Roots and Rice, to be exported to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre) from his Ma 2* & 23 c'jr. 2. jesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of <. 7. the said Colonies and Plantations; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into 8 jy. 3. Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Ships; and to allow the Exportation of Wheat, bar f l lay. Oats, Meal and Flour, from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the In 3^4 Am. C habitants there. 6 ama., 0

8 at.n. c. 13.9 Ann. C 17 & 27. 10 Ann. C 22 26. 4gv0. ic. 11. 8 Gcs. 1. C 12 s'15.

C 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & 9. 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. 8 Geo. 2. c. 39. 12 Geo. 2. c. 3o.

37-

13 Geo. 1. c. 5. 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 s'28. agcc. zl

WHEREAS the Exportation of any Sort of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bifcujt, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon or any other Sort of Victual, from any of his Majesty's Colonies or

d2 ' Plane.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Enumerated Commodities prohibited to be exported from the Br'tifii Plantations, S: C during the War with France,

Plantations in America, may at this Time be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's Subjects; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of the present War with France, shall, directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, convey or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of or from any of the british) Colonies or Plantations in America, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, any Ship or other Veiled or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the said Colonies or Plantations, any Sort of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon or other Sort of Victual, whether the said Commodities shall or shall not be the Produce or Manufacture of, or made in the respective Colonies or Plantations from whence the same shall be designea to be exported, under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say. That all the said Commodities that shall be so exported, shipped or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped or carried out contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and that every Offender or Offenders therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Bushel of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt or Stour, and twelve Pence of the like Money, for every Pound Weight of Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon or other Victual, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which shall be so exported, shipped or put on board to be exported, and also the Ship, Boat or Vessel, upon which any of the said Commodities shall be exported, shipped or laden to be exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited; and one Moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Succedors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same: which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered in the High Court of Admiralty, or any other chief Court of Civil or Criminal jurisdiction, in such respective Colonies or Plantations; and that the Master or Mariners of any such Ship, Boat or Vedel, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or being lawfully authorised in this Behalf by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to take or seize all such of the said Commodities not allowed to be exported by this Act, or by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, or such Order of Council in pursuance of this Act, as he or they shall happen to find, know or discover, to be laid on board any Ship or other vessel or Boat at Sea, or in any Port, or in any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, transported or conveyed out of any of the said Colonies or Plantations, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; and also the Ship, vessel or Boat in which the same shall be found, and to bring the said Goods to the King's Warehouse or Warehouses, belonging to the custom house next to the Place where such Seizures shall be made, or to some aether safe Place (where there are no such. Warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to Law, and in case of Recovery, to be divided according to the Directions of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything rifions for Ships herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the Exportation or carrying out of such or so much of the on their Voyage; Commodities as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels

Officers im powered to seize ih; vessels and commod.ties

ard lodge the same in the King's Warehouses.

Necessary Pro

and for the King's Ships;

Torces, Sorts, or carrifor.s ex crpted.

The said Crna

in

their respective Voyages, for the Sustenance, Diet and Support of the Commanders, Masters, Mariners, Passengers or others, in the same Ships or Vessels only, or for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Service, or for his Majesty's Forces, Forts or Garrisons; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything rr.ovittto may he herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the Exportation of any of the said Commodities from the carried from the said Colonies or Plantations to Great Britain or Ireland, or from any of the said Colonies or Plantations, to any other of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from any Port or Place in any one of the said Colonies or Plantations, to any other Port or Place in such Colony or Plantation respectively; so as the Exporter do before the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the Kingdom, Island, Plantation or Colony, and the Port or Place for which the said Commodities are respectively designed, and take out a Cocquet or Cocquets, expressing the Particulars of such Commodities, and do likewise become

faij Colonies or plantat.ons to Great Britain or Ireland, c.

taking out a Cocquet for the fam*, and giving icvuiity.

bound with two Sureties of known Residence in the said Colonies or Plantations, and of Ability to answer the Penalty mentioned in the Bonds, in treble the Value of such Commodities, to the Chief Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, or the Naval Officer, or some other Principal Officer belonging to the Port or Place where the same shall be shipped or put on hoard, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose, by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them (who are hereby empowered to take such Security in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use) that such Commodities shall not be landed or fol 1 in any Parts whatsoever, other than the Kingdom, Island. Plantation, Colony, Port or Place rc fpiiftively, (or which the same shall be so declared, and that a Certificate under the Hand and Seal, or H >nds and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or if no such, of the Naval Officer or same other Principal Officer of the Port or Place where the same shall be landed, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer of Great IB it 14iny or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall

within

2 I

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 9.

within the respectlive Times herein after mentioned (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be returned to the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to whom such Security shall have been given as aforesaid, that the Paid Commodities, expressing the Particulars thereof, have been landed at the Port or Place for which the same shall have been so declared; and for the taking of such Security, and giving such Cocquets and Certificates (which the respective Officers and Persons aforesaid are hereby on Demand required to give) no Fetor Reward shall be demanded or received; and if any such Officer or Person shall make any false Penalty on Offi certificate of any such Commodities being so landed, such Officer or Person shall forfeit the Sum of twocer making a hundred Pounds, and lose his Employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, falle Certificate > in any Office relating to the Customs; if any Person shall counterfeit, rafe or falsify any Cocquet or and on Persons Certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased or false Cocquet or Certificate, he shall for counterfeiting, feit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and such Cocquet or Certificate shall be void and of none Effect; Certificates which said Penalties for Offences committed in America, shall be recovered in the same Courts, and in Penalties where the same Manner, as the other Penalties inflicted by this at are recoverable; and for Offences which shallt0 be recovered, be committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before the Justices of Assize, or at the great Sessions in Wales, or by Information at any General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and in such Suit no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and for Offences which shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action or summary Bill or Information in the Courts of Sessions or Exchequer in Scotland; and for Offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the general Quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, City or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and for Offences which shall be committed in any other of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in Europe, in the High Court of Admiralty, or ny other Chief Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction in such Dominions respectively; and such Penalties, when recovered, shall be divided in equal Moieties between his Majesty and the Informer; and upon all Actions, Suits and Informations, that shall be brought, commenced or entered in the said Colonies and Plantations upon this Act, the Offences may be laid or alleged to have been committed in any Colony, Province, County or Prccindi, within the said Plantations, at the pleasure of the Prosecutor or Informer.

V. Provided also, That in case the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, to whom any Certificate Officerfufpefling shall be returned, shall have Cause to suspect that such Certificate is false and counterfeit, the Bonds Certificate to be shall not be cancelled or the Security vacated, until such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, shall false, not to va have been informed from the Person or Persons in whefe Name such Certificate shall appear to have been catet.e 0, 1 granted, that the Matter and Contents of such Certificate are just and true.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to pro Commodities hibit the transporting, carrying, or conveying any of the Commodities herein before mentioned, by may be carried Land, or across Rivers, by Common Ferries, or up or down the said Rivers, or across Harbours where by Land, or a clearances have not usually been taken, from any one of the said Plantations or Colonies to any other f^om onephnta* Plantations or Colonies, or to any Part of the same Plantation or Colony, or to subject the Persons trans tlon'to^nothert porting, carrying or conveying, or causing to be transported, carried or conveyed, any of the said Commodities in Manner aforesaid, to any of the Restrictions or Regulations herein before prescribed, with respect to such Commodities exported by Sea, from one Colony to another.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Bond or Bonds (if not prosecuted within three Years) shall Bonds to be filed

be void. within 3 Years,

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Commodities

any of the Commodities aforesaid, which shall be cleared out of any custom house in any of the Colo cleared before nies or Plantations before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty leven; 25 March 1757, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. maybe exported.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case his Majesty at any Mis Majesty fc

1 ime or limes during the Continuance of this Act, shall in his Royal Discretion judge it to be expe Proclamation, or client to permit the Exportation of Corn, and other the Commodities aforesaid, or any of them, from orderincouncil, the said Colonies and Plantations, that then it shall and maybe lawful to and for his Majesty by his may atanytime Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by permit the Ex his Majesty's Order in Council, from Time to Time, to permit and suffer all and singular his Majesty's corn^&c. 0 from Subjects (but not any particular Person or Persons) to export or carry out of all or any of the said Colo the Colonies or nies or Plantations in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, duly navigated, owned, and qualified accor Plantations, c, ding to Law to trade there, all or any of the Commodities aforesaid to all or any other Place or Places, and upon or without giving Security for the Landing thereof in such Place or Places, and returning Certificates of such Landing, as to his Majesty shall seem meet, and as in such Proclamation or pio.la mations, or such Orders of Council, shall be expressed and declared; anything to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates of the Landing and Times limited of

Discharging of the said Commodities to be exported, shall be returned within the respective Times fol returning the lowing; that is to say. Where the Bonds are taken in respect of any of the said Commodities to be ex Certificates from ported to Great Britain ox Ireland within eighteen Calendar Months after the Date of the said Bonds; w^re

and in respect of any of the said Commodities to be exported from any of the said Colonies or Planta h'cs been janded. tions to any other of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from any Port or Place in any one of the said

Colonies

C

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Prohibition not to extend to ex of Rice.

Fish or Roots may be ex.orted, cr carried coast wife.

Afb of this Session.

Whs if, c. may be exported from Southampton anj Exeter unto the Jlle 01 Man,

not mere than 2, 500 Quarters.

One Moiety to be slipped at each of the said Port;

Act of this scf fun.

Corn and Flour may be imjorted Duty l'rtc, from any Kingdom, et in Amity, into Great bri ta.n,

Cr Ireland,

0 vnl lilac.

Treble cwas.

Colonies or Plantations, to any other Port or Place in such Colony or Plantation respectively, within twelve Calendar Months after the Date of such Bonds respectively.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this ar shall not extend to prohibit the Exportation of any Rice from the said Colonies or Plantations directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, but that Rice shall and may be shipped and exported directly to any Part of Europe Southward of the said Cape, in such Manner as the same might have been exported if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend to any Fish or Roots which shall be exported or carried Coastwise, but that Fifin and Roots of all Sorts shall and may be exported and carried Coastwise, in such Manner as the same might have been exported or carried Coastwise, if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas by an ab passed this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited., the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch, it was enacted, That no Person, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, should export, or carry out of or from the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Irelandx any Sort of Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Starch, under the Penalties and Forrei tures therein mentioned; but with several Provisions and Savings in the Bid Act contained: And where as the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man have, for several Years last pail, been supplied with considerable Quantities of Corn, Meal and Flour, from Great Britain and Ireland, and they are now in great Want thereof, no Provision or Saving having been made in the said Act for supplying them therewith Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal or Flour, to be transported out of or from the Ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the said Isle of Man, for the only Use of the Inhabitants of that Island, so as the Exporter, before the Lading of such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal or Flour, or laying the same on Board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security (which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said Ports respectively hath hereby Power to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use, and for which Security no See or Reward shall be given or taken) that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal or Flour, shall be landed in the said Isle of Man (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever, and to return the like Certificates of the Landing the same there, as are by the said Act required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose therein mentioned; and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal or Flour, which at any Time or Times after the passing this Act, and before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall be shipped at both the said Ports for the said Isle of Man as aforesaid, shall not exceed in the Whole two thousand five hundred Quarters; one Moiety whereof to be exported at the said Port of Southampton, and the other Moiety thereof to be exported at the said Port of Exeter, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to discon time, for a limited Dime, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom)

Corn and Flour is allowed to be imported into this Kingdom Duty free, for and during such Time as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas it is necessary that such Importation should be allowed to be made in Ships belonging to any State in Amity with his Majesty, as well as in Ships belonging to Great Britain, and from any Port or Place whatsoever Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, during the Time, and under the Regulations mentioned in the said Act, for any Person or Persons whatsoever to import and bring into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or to any Kingdom or State in Amity wfith his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, from any Port or Place whatsoever, Corn and Flour Duty free; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas if the Importation of Corn and Flour into Ireland was permitted, for a limited Time to be made in Ships belonging to any State in Amity with his Majesty, the same may be of Advantage to his Majesty's Subjects; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at any Time or Times before the twenty-fourth Day of Augtijl next, for any Person or Persons whatsoever to import and bring into the Kingdom of Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Corn and Flour from any Port or Place whatsoever; Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'I hat if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this at, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead tyre General Blue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the defen d mt or Deten lants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdidd or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law'.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 10.

2

CAP. X

An Act to prohibit for a limited Time the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat,

Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour.

WHEREAS t is expedient that the Distillation or Extraction of Low Wines or Spirits frome Geo. t, ci'. ' Wheat, Barley, Malt, and all other Sorts of Grain, should be prohibited for a limited Time 27 Geo. 2. C if.

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Wheat and ail Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho an<pfk>ur rity of the same, That from and after the eleventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty prohibited to°le' seven, no Low Wines or Spirits whatsoever shall be made, extracted, or distilled, within this Kingdom, made vfe of in from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, for and during Distillation for the Space of two Calendar Months. two Monthsi

continued by

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if during the Time before limited, any^/oec, '1757. Distiller, or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, flin.ll make, on Penalty of extract or distill, or cause or procure to be made, extracted or dillilled, any Low Wines or Spirits, from 200 > ani For any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, or from any Meal or Flour; or hall use or mix, or cause or

procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, or any Meal or Flour, in any the3wines and Worts or Wash, in order for the making, extracsling or distilling Low Wines or Spirits; or shall put Spirits, cor lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Fun, walh batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat, Barley, Malt or other Grain, or [any Meal or Flour, for the Purpose of preparing any Worts or Wash, or for making, extracting or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, whether such Tun, Washbatch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other vessel or Utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the Excise Office; that then and in each and every of the said Cases, such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions of this ACT, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Tun, Washbatch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other vessel or Utensil, which shall be made use of, contrary to the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall respectively for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, and other Grain, and such Meal and Flour, and such Worts and Wash, Low Wines and Spirits, shall be also forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or All Wheat, c. Wheat Flour, shall within the Time herein before limited, be found in any Workhouse, Stillhouse, fun, J within th; Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place, wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall ^"wo k'house be made, extracted, distilled or prepared, or where any Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash, shall cy belonging to have been made, extracted, distilled or prepared, since the first Day of January one thousand seven hun a Distiller for dred and fifty seven, all such Wheat, Meal and Flour shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons in feited, and icol. whose Possession such Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place shall be, shall for every'

such Offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time herein before limited, Officer, c. may it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commis enter ffifpefted sioners of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them, within the Limits of the chief Houfts>

Office of Excise in London, or by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain, at any Time or Times, with any Officer of Excise, to enter into any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place wherein any Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash shall be, or are suspected to be made, extracted, distilled or prepared, or wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Worts or Wash shall have been made, extracted, distilled or prepared, since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and shall have free Admittance into the same, and may inspect all the Materials, vessels and Utensils therein contained (giving thereby as little Interruption a, F tie

as may be to the Business which shall be carrying on); and in case any such Officer of Excise, shall have Tj

Reason to suspect that any Wheat, Barley, Malt or other Grain, Meal or Flour, is mixed in any Worts ten 1 r*or Wash, or in any other Material or Preparation, for making, extracting or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, it shall be lawful for such Officer, at any Time or Times during the said Term, upon Payment of two Shillings and six Pence, to take a Sample not exceeding two Quarts, of any such Worts or and take Sam wash, Material - or Preparation, which shall be found in any such House or other Place aforesaid; and Ples> paying for in case any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Owner or Occupier of any such House distine^reffirin or Place, or any Workman or Servant to any such Distiller, Owner or Occupier belonging, shall refuse Admittance or to admit such Person or Persons as shall be so authorised, or any Officer of Excise, into any such House obstructing ofti or Place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Person or Persons, in making such inspection cer forfeits iool, as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample, after the said Sum of two Shillings and iix Pence shall be paid or tendered for the same, such Distiller, Owner or Occupier, shall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and it shall he lawful for and the Officer any such Officer of Excise, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that may seize, and Purpose from any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or any justice or Justices respectively as 3

aforesaid, to seize, take and carry away, all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, and Wheat Flour, as shall be founjv found in any such House or other Place, together with all the Sacks, Bags, and other Things in which the said Commodities shall be contained.

3

24 C io.'

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Distiller, crother Person for him, having more than jive Quartets of vvh at, Sec, in his Custody,

forfeits the same, and 5 1. for every Quarter.

Distillers noto forfeit for Wheat of their own Growth, if sold within 20 Days after being threshed; net kept in Workhouse, c.

Distillers, being Millers, are also exempted from the said Penalty snd Forfeiture.

Officers, &: C may by Warrant, enter, or break open Storehouses suspected to have in them more than five Quarters of Wheac.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation, shall after the eleventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and before the eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be p ode fled of, or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use or Benefit of such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, more than five Quarters of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, at any one Time, in any one or more Place or Places (not being a Place or Places for preparing, making, extracting, diddling, or keeping Worts or Wash, Low Wines or Spirits); every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, shall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit all such Wheat, Meal and Flour, exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters, and also the Sum of five Pounds for every Quarter so forfeited.

VI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last mentioned Penalty and Forfeiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who shall be the actual Grower of Wheat, and shall be possessed of any Quantity of such Wheat grown by him or her in the Straw, or after the same is threfbed out or separated from the Straw; provided such Wheat shall not be kept in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, for a greater space of Time than twenty Days after the same shall be threshed or separated from the Straw; and so as such Wheat be not kept in any Place tiled for making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, or for preparing or keeping Worts or Walk.

VII. Provided also, That this at shall not extend to inflieft the said last mentioned Penalty and Forfeiture upon any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, who practiles the Trade of a Miller, and who was poltclled of, and worked any Mill or Mills for the grinding of Wheat, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, for or upon account of any Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, which shall, during the Time herein before limited, be found in any such Mill or Mills; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers of the f.xcise, or any other Person or Persons, shall at any Time or Times, have Cause to suspect that any \\ heat. Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such Storehouse, Warehouse, Grainary, or other Place or Places as aforesaid, belonging to any Distiller or Adaker of Low Wines or Spirits, contary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aift; then and in every such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before the Commissioners of Excite for the Time being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall suspect the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by Special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse, Grainary, or other Place or Places, where he or they shall so suspect that any Wheat, avheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Distiller,

The Wheat for Maker of Low Wi nes or Spirits; and to seize, take and carry away, all such Wheat, Meal and Flour, as he or they shalljo find (over and above the said Quantity of five Quarters, together with all the Sacks, Bags, or other t hings, wherein the same shall be contained); and such Distiller or Adaker of Low Wines cr Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat, Aleal or Flour, b longing to such Distiller shall be found, shall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the said Penalty of five Pounds for every Quarter, exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters; and the said Officer or Officers, and aether Person or Persons, is or are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Grainaries, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on Demand.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act impgid, shall be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that the Court before whom the same Audi be recovered, may and are hereby authorised (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary Penalties herein before inflicted, to any Sum not less than one fourth Part of the Sum herein respectively mentioned; and that one Moiety of all the Penalties and for fiitu/is, when recovered, sit all be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successbis; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall fuc for the same, or give Information of, or discover the orfcncc.

X Provided always, That all Suits, Prosecutions or Informations, for Offences committed against this Act, shall be commenced and made within the Space of two Calendar Months after the Fact is committed, and not otherways j anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

found, to be fuzed and carried oway.

sn 1 Distiller to forivit 5 I. for every supernu nj.'rury Quarter.

Pena ties how to be tecovered;

Court may mitigate the lane;

pi cation therctf.

S i't to Ic crr.l r n CD within 1* i) M n it 1 al t r the otlcr.c

delivered

25

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

1 r.

delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this at, shall be, and are hereby declared to be suspended.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of four Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed, and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Action his Defence; and if the Pursuer shall not infill on his Action, or if Judgement shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defender shall and may recover the full and real Expenses he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit.

Limitation of Actions.

General lffiie.

[Treble Costs.]

Continued by Cap. 15. ard by 33 Cieo. 2. C 4.

See farther 3 1 Geo. 2. c. 36.

32 Geo. 2. c. 29.

33 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain that a Body of Marine Forces Should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And whereas the said Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed; that Marines who shall mutiny, or Stir up Southeast dition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem After 25 March bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thou 1757>durins the land feveu hundred and fifty seven, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Marines, or who <j1< "t^a"cveiof is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a private Man in any Company of Marines in his Majesty's Service, and Marine q^er on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven shall remain in such Ser and private Man vice, or, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be voluntarily entered and in pay as a Marine Offi on Shore, cer or private Man in his Majesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Acton Shore in any Place within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, shall begin, ex who shall mutiny cite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition, in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in ordefert, c. any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces in his Majesty's Service, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Of or In any fier; oir shall desert his Majesty's Service; or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall other Regiment, lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment in his Majesty's Service, without first having a c.

Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a or be found Marine; or shall be found sleeping upon his Poll, or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Corre steeping on or spondence with any Rebel or Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, desert h|s l'°*b by any ways or Means, or in any Manner whatsoever; shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or or holfd ills^1 C enter into any Condition with them, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Ad with^he Enemy, miral of Great Britain, or of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Pligh or strike or difo admiral oi Great Britain for the Time being; or shall strike, or use any Violence against his superior bey his superior

Officer, being in the execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior.of Officer; shall

ficer; all and every Person and Persons so offending, in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on buffer Death, or Shore in any Part of this Kingdom or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall such rumshment sufferjdcath, or such other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted. tiafffiail ir.ffift."

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may from Time to Time, The Lord High during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of Admiral, or b the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to grant a Commissioners, Commission under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Marines in his Majesty's Serrant 3 vice, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General court-martial, at any Place or General Places on Shore in this Realm or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas; in court-martial every of which court-martial all or any of the Offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the c.

ofteqc.es herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such Manner as by this Act is directed.

26 C ir. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

court-martial

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such court-martial, re may inflict cor - spedlively, by their Sentence or Judgement, to inflidl corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or poralpunishment Ljnfo^ on any Marine for Immorality, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty onshore, in any Place or n r mmcra uier, pj2ces this Realm or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, during the

Continuance of this Act.

Lords, cof

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Admiralty for the Paid Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of e Arti ie Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act to make and establish Rules and for pur.isome nt Articles in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Purishment of Mutiny and de of Mutiny and fertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour and Neglect of Duty, in any of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Deferrion, c. Shore, in any Part of this Realm or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, and for and to constitute bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and constitute court-martial, with Power couris martia). to try, hear, and determine any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflidl Punishments by Sentence or Judgement for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

None to be ad V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment, extending bu to Life or Limb, by the said Rules and Articles, within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, except for Crimes ex fr Crime or Crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this Act.

pressed to be so punishable by this Act,

General court-martial not to consist of less than 13, and the President to be a Field Officer, or next Officer not under a Captain. May administer an Oath to

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General court-martial, which shall have Power to sit by virtue of this Act, shall consist of a less Number than thirteen, whereof none to be under the Degree of a Commission Officer of Marines; and the President of such court-martial shall not be under the Degree of a Field Officer of Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot be had; in which Case the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, shall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

Wttneflcs. Officers to be worn.

VII. Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General court-martial, to be held by virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the holy Evangelists, before the Court, and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorised to administer the same) in these Words; that is to say,

Th: Oalh.

The Oa: h,

C

C

C

YO U shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence which shall be given in the blatter now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and the rrisoner

to be tried

So help you God.

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice according to an Act of Parliament now in Force 4 J. for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to the Rules and Articles made in Pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affection; if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles) 4 according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the uftom of War in the like Cases. And I further swear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be ap proved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain; neither will I upon any Account at any Time whatsoever dif close or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law: '

So help me God.

thtjudge Advo And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of cate to be worn. foe Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words

I A.B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account at any Time whatsoever disclose or discover the 4 J. Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law

So help me God.

r mth O' no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General court-martial as

firvi t o'concur" afe>rcfoid, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than »tc.*thirteen, then the Judgement shall pass by the Concurrence of two thirds of the Officers present; no

Horn of Trial. Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Morning, and three in the Afternoon, cxept in Cases which require an immediate Example.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. n. 27

VIII. Provided always, That the Party tried by any General court-martial to be held as aforesaid, shall The Party tried, be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such court-martial, upon Demand thereof made lt!, este by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same) sentence and at any Time not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or Proceedings of not; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. the courtmartial.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as Original pro such at any General court-martial to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, ceedings, c. with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original of coum nur proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; tlaj1 todbte which original Proceedings and Sentence shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office southeast'" eta of^he of the Admiralty of Great Britain, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Admiralty, c. Application to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of

this act.

X Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or pri none to be tried

vate Man, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be a second Time liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other court-martial for the same Offence; and fr the same that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised sentence not to more than once. rcvjfed more than once.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or private Man shall desert his Majesty's Service in Deserters beyond any of his Dominions beyond the Seas, or el fe where beyond the Seas, and shall escape and come into Sea, c. maybe this Realm ox Ireland, before he be tried by a court-martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended here or m for the same; such Officer or private Man shall be tried for the same, as if the said Offence had been lre 3n'committed within this Realm.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to This Act not to

exempt any Marine, either Officer or private Man whatsoever while on Shore, from being proceeded exempt any on against by the ordinary Course of Law. Shore from J

dinary Process.

XIII. Provided also and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted Persons acquitted

of any capital Crimes, Violences or Offences by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a a'

court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering. fy b?cafwered°by

a court-martial.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Marine Officer, non commission Officer persons accused or private Man shall be accused of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, of capital Estate or Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Crimes, c. to Land; the commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use

his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall strate'&c. also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial; and if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil magi strate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fact is committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

XV. And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, in Companion to the distressed Condition of several Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to direct his Commissary General of the Musters to allow upon the muster rolls of all the Regiments, Troops and Companies, a Number of fictitious Names therein mentioned, instead of private Men, in order to raise and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers, as are or shall be entitled to his Royal Bounty; therefore, for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious Intentions with Respect to the allowing of fictitious Names upon the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, for the Purposes aforesaid; 'it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Fictitious Name it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this Act, to and for the said Lord High Admiral, allowed by his or three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the majesty's Order Time being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for so "'tj, e

the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fictitious Ma; n<enance of private Men as shall be allowed on the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as afore Officers Widows, said, to the proper Receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to such Orders and Instrutions as his not to becon majesty shall be pleased to make under his Sign Manual, for the Purpose aforesaid; that no Allow a false ance of any such fictitious Name upon any muster roll of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as afore paymeafter to pay said, shall be construed to be a false Muster; thing in this or any former Act contained to the con the full Pay of trary notwithstanding such Men to the

Receiver.

28

C 11

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Constables & to quarter Officers and Men in Inns, Akhouses, chut

in no Distil jers Houses, or Shopkeepers, or in any private Houses.

Penalty on Officers quartering private Men contrary to this acv, c.

XVI. And whereas there is and may be occasion for the marching and quartering of the said Marine 1 Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, (in pursuance of an Order or Orders in Writing, in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being) it shall and may be law full to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and magi strates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Civil ada gistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and private Men, in his Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, victualling houses, and the Houses cf Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houses cf Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail to be drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places of diililling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings dial I be more in other Goods and Merchandizes, than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tipling in his or their Houses) and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever, without the Consent of the Occupier; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered, than there are effective Marines present to be quartered; and if any Constable, Tythingman, or suchlike Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or private Man in any such private House, without the Consent of the Occupier; in such Case such Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any Marine Officer shall take upon him to quarter private Men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso fadlo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's ser provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace of the said

Officers and Marines to be fur niftied at the Bates l.er.in set for their provisions.

vice

County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify Persons ag; rieved she same to the next court-martial; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such by being quar Constable, Tythingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or Magistrate tered on, may not being a Justice of the Peace) has quartered or billeted in his House a greater Number of Marines than complain to any iie ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or relieved'*n? ju^cesof the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty; such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons, as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and private Men so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and final] Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, victualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer.

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder or other Person on whom any non commission Officers or private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or employed in re'

'except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of seven Days at most, for such Officers and private Men, who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised) shall be desirous to finnish such non commission Officers or private Men wirh Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small beer.or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to such non commission Officers or private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then and in such case, the non commission Officers and private Men so quartered, shall provide there own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of such non commission Officers and private Men, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer, to the non commission Officers and private Aden aforesaid, and not to the Innholder, or other Person, orr whom such non commission Officers and private Men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Marine Officer shall take or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for excusing the

private Aden, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Act; every such and be incapable of serving in any Military Employment whatsoever. may be for the Benefit of the Service for the commanding Officer to have a

What innholders may allow Men quarter<.d on them, of Meat.

in

cruiting, and

(lead, T

Non

commission

ptna lv on ta lurp mcr.ey to e»tufe any i'tr f. n fictn qv.at tt.'.f.c

quartering of Officers or Officer shall h cashiered, ' XX amj whereas it

Power to exchange the Billets or Quarters of Marines quartered in the same Town or Place; 'Be it therefore

A.D. 757.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

X I

29

fistence money

in their Hands,

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the commanding Officer of Marines in any Town or Commanding Place where such Marine Forces are quartered, hall and he is hereby declared to have Power, from Officer may <x time to Time, to exchange any Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place, for any other Marine or Marines quartered in the same own or Place; provided the Number of Men do not exceed teis r " the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively where such Men shall be exchanged; and constables to the Con (fables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and magistrates of the Cities, billet the fan, n Towns and Villages, or other Places, where any of the said Marine Forces shall be quartered, are hereby accordingly, required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day n0 Pay man er, of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Paymaster or other Officer or Person whatsoever c. to make re shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer duflions out oi' or private Man, in his Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which hall grow due from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, other than the usual Deduc vate Ien*

tions for Clothing, and twelve Pence in the Pound, to be disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit, and Exceptions, the one day's Pay in the Year for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary Deductions as hall from Time to Time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or mere of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

XXII. And that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and private Men, while on Shore as Officers to gi7c ' aforesaid, may during the Continuance of this Act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's Duties Nonce oinn of Excise better answered, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ktepers of Subsisth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, every Officer or other Person, to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive, the Pay or subsistence money for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Marine Forces or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall from Time to Time be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subsistence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns or other Places where Officers or private Men are quartered by Virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said innkeepers and others, to repair to their Quarters, at such Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or subsistence money to such Officers or private Men, which shall be within four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid: the said Innkeepers and others, shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and private Men so quartered in their respective Houses; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or private Men: Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for one Marine Commission Officer under the Degree of a rates of Sub captain, for such officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, one Shilling; and if such Officer shall have fistence to be a Horse or Horses, for each such Horse or Horses, for their Hay and Straw per Dietn, six Pence; nor for paid to inn one private man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diemy fourpence: And if any Officer or Officers as afore

shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and hall not immediately, upon producing such Account stated, terasnnas^' satisfy, content and pay the same; upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any two Witnesses, at the officers not gi next Quarter sessions for the County or City wherein such Quarters were (which Oath the Justices of ving noric&of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) the Paymaster, or Person for subsistence nio the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby required and authorised (upon Cer ouya' ?nrd payins tificate of the said Justices, before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and r er the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the ^safmjf7nn° said Marine Officer or Officers; upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Person hall forfeit their respective j^pers^utof Place or Places of Paymaster or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future; and the Company in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Persons for next Pay. the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby authorised and required to deduct the Sums he shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers hall belong; and such Officer or Officers shall °^ 'er tolj°

for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or subsistence money cai ix'5a' as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso facto cashiered. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any Marine Officer or private Man, shall by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or private Man, or such Officer or private Man shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this Act directs; every such Case it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, on moving from where such company.shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts as this Act directs, q^rifts' thaeke with every Person with whom such Company shall have quartered, and signa Certificate thereof, and up accounts and give the said Certificate so by him signed to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such give Certificates Company, to which he or they shall belong; to the End the said Certificate may be forthwith transmit for Money due, ted to the proper Paymaster of the Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof &c to the Person or Persons to whom such Moneys sit all be due, to the End the same may be applied to such f'aymafier ty Company, under Pain as is before in this Act directed for nonpayment of Quarters. thcsumcertified.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Of Officers, c. to ficers and private Men of his Majesty's Marine Forces in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses, be quartered in as Officers and private Men of the Land Forces might have been quartered in, by the Laws in Force in Scotland as the Scotland at the Time of the Union; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish dlreit!

the

30 C

i r

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

a d.j7 57.

Justices to order Constables to provide Carriages for the Marine Forces on their March,

Rates for Carnages,

Penalty on Officers forcing Wagons to travel more than one day's jour r ey, c.

Penalty on con ftahlcs, Arc. Neglect.

Treaftirers of the

Cnut ty to repay the contiaolc's nttraordinjry Chargee.

the said Marine Officers and private Men quartered there, as by the said Laws in Force at the Time of the Union was provided with respcdf to the Officers and private Men of the Land Forces; and that 110 such Marine Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for his Majesty's Marine Forces in their Adarches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in England, teales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peaee within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and precincts, being duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall as often as such Order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such Justices, by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Freeing, from, through, near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with able Aden to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division or precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid, being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Freeing, for the pu rposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who by Virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned, of the High Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Adile any Wagon with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Adile any Wain with six Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Alile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin Proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby, required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel more than one day's Journey, or shall not difeliarge the same in due Time for their Return Home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride in the Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid, or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or private Men; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath, before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of his Majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds accordingly, to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peaee, and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such officer's Pay,

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Constable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto such Constable or Petty Constable for providing Carriages as aforesaid; if any Person or Persons appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable to provide or furnish any Carriage and Alan, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any AI or Thing, whereby the Execution of any such Warrant or Warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may he inquired of, heard and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XXVI. And whereas the respective Sums of Adoncy, by this appointed to be paid to the Confta hies by the Officers demanding such Carriages, may not, in many Cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expense of providing the same, whereby the said Constables may be frequently at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burden of the Township of which they are respectively Constables, or else the Persons furnishing such Carriages may 1 he grievously opprefild: To prevent which, ami that such Overplus Charge may be born by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County or Riding; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. ir. 31

paid, or laid out for such Carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring such Carriages, out of the public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter sessions assembled, within their respective jurisdictions, final from time to time, during the Continuance of this at, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward) Regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Roads through which such Carriages are to travel.

XXVII. And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages be fore mentioned; 'It is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace in the General Quar till: Money Tor ter sessions shall have Power, from time to time, to raise Moneys upon the respective Counties or Ri ho^tobe^r d dings, in such Manner as they now raise Moneys for building or repairing County Gaols and Bridges, to w to erae satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, No Wagon, c.

impressed by the Authority of this act, shall be liable or obliged, by Virtue of this AI, to carry above ^hun^red^ twenty hundred Weight; anything in this at contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Weight.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces, quar Carriages intered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnisher of Scotland how to such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in Force in Scotland at the Time of the Union be provided with regard to the furnishing Carriages for Land Forces.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Marines Wives, AI authorised to quarter Marines in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall at any Time, ^ca rrewith during the Continuance of this at, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of ou^consent! any Officer or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if

an Officer of the Marines, shall upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Judge Advocate, be ipso facto cashiered; if a Constable, Tythingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducing reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XXXI. And for the better Preservation of the Game, in or near such Place where any Officers or Penalty on Of*Soldiers shall at any Time be quartered, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifwrom and ^rr' yn^the" after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, any Officer or Mae

rine shall, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill or destroy, any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fish, or his Majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same;

(that is to say) every Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where the Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in Manner aforesaid: if upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties; such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXII. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert, and be found Constables may wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of the cearrreys(hem be town or Place, where any Person, who maybe reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall before a Justice, found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspe£ied Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs; such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the g20i of the County or to com* Place where he shall be found; or to the House of correction, or other public Prison in such Town, nit: 'em' or Plage where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be appre.

hended within the Cities of London or Westmin fter^or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, to the End such Person may be proceeded against secretary of the according to Law; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of correction or Prison, shall receive the full Admiralty. Subsistence of every such Deserter, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Mainte caoi keeper to nance of such Deserter; but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of the Imprisonment 5* "^ the of any such Deserter; Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. Deserters?

XXXIII. And for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall also Reward for issue his Warrant in Writing to the collector or Colledlprs of the Land Tax Money, of the Parish or u, c'n3 up De township where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money, arisen orlateri'

to

o } J

C 11.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

penalty on persons concealing Difcrters, or buying their Arms, Clothes, c.

This A to extend to Deserter, in Ireland.

Continuance of this Act,

No Volunteer liable to Process, unless for some criminal Matter,

or a real Debt of the Value of jo 1- of which oa'h to be made befote a Judge,

and the Memorandum thereof marked on the Back of the Process;

otherwise prisoner to be dif tharged, with Costj.

to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors, to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any Deserter from his Majesty's Marine Service, knowing him to be such; the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of live Pounds; or if any Person shall knowing, detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; every such Person so offending, in each, any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds and five Pounds shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended; and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did or doth belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convited as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters, or having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, or of having caused the colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diflrcfs may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such convition; then and in such Case such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XXXV. Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the Punishment of such who shall harbour, conceal or assist Deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or cause the colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall extend to all Ends and Purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in Execution in that Kingdom, by all Justices of the Peace, and other Officers respectively, according to the Tenor and during the Continuance of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and everything herein contained, shall be and continue in Force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

XXXVII. And to prevent as far as may be, any nnjuffc or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Marines, whereby his Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service; 'It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is entered or shall enter himself as a Volunteer in his Majesty's Service as a Marine, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever other than for some criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of ation; and unless before the taking out of such Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum, justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the ation, or Cause of ation, on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be i (Tiled out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the same ation, or in any other ation on which the same shall be grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Marine so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Marine so arrested, was legally entered as a Marine in his Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to award to the Party so complaining such Costs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable: the Recovery whereof, he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like ation might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said ation.

XXXVIII. And to the End that honed Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered as Marines into his Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an c Arrcltj which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves,

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 11

may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; Be it further enacted by the Autho Pontiff giving rity aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first^'a cm mo n. given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such Person or Persons so entered, or left at his or their Appcirance, last Place of Residence before such Entering, to file a common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judge and proceed to ment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him Judgement and or them so entered as aforesaid; Act, or anything herein, or any former Law or Statute to the £xecutw<' contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Con penalty on liable, Bedel, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who by Virtue or Colour of this Act shall quarter Conibble, cor billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any Marine Officers or private Men, filial neglect or Mannes

refuse, for the Space of two Hours, to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines when thereunto re quar r k ann

quired, in such Manner as is by this Act directed. provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall receive, demand, contrail or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Penalty on ta reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons what^use^p'rfbn soever from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses any such Officer or Marine; Quartering! or in case any Victualler, or any other Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine billeted and on victual or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Marine so quartered or lcr$ refuting to billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions ofrece, ve this Act, the several Things herein before respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to non cmn mission Officers and Marines so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own con session, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer; such High Constable, Constable, Bede], or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the over seers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the over seers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish

And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Marines in pursuance of this Juices may or e Act Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any der Constables to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, by omhevumber1 Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times, du of officers, and ring the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Bedel or private Men, and other Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Marines in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in where quartered. Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and private Men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the Names of the house keepers or Persons, upon whom every such Officer or private Man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such house keeper dwells, and the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the End it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and private Men are quartered or billeted, 2nd that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be infilled as a Marine or Marines in his Majesty's Service, he and they hall, femes', within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such Infilling respectively, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer of Marines) and before such Justice or chief Magistrate lie or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diflent to such Infilling; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so infilled shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and t2ken to be infilled, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or chief Magistrate; if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily infilled himself or themselves, then such Justice or chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted; forth the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the second and third Sections of the Articles of War for the better Government of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the twelfth Section of the said Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified as duly infilled, shall refuse to take the said Oath of fi vol. VIII T dclity.

C 12. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Marine Forces being born as l'art of the Compliment ol' jiny Ships of War, are liable to be governed by the Rules established by Act 22 Geo. C 33.

delity before the said Justice or chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons, until he or they shall take the Oath before required j and every Officer of Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General court-martial to be thereupon called, shall for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's Marine Forces, as well Officers as private Men, shall from time to time, during their being respectively born as Part of the Compliment of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, be subject or liable in like Manner, in all Respects, as any Officers or Seamen employed in his Majesty's Sea Service are subject and liable to be governed, and proceeded against, and punished for Offences committed by them, during the Time they shall be born as Part of the Compliment of such Ships or Vessels, according to the Purport, Tenor, Effect, and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty feeond Year of his piefent majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing inti one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majestfs Ships, vejj els, and Forces by Sea; this present Act, or any Tiling herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Mamifatlures, and for better Payment of their Wages, and also an act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limi ting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other Manner than in Money.

2. C

29 Gee 12 Geo. 1. c. 34

w

I 3 Geo. 1. c. 23.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, In Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages j and also an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his J'a'ul late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Dif putes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Yime for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Ail, in case of the Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other Manner than in Money; It C was amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, it should be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any of their General or Quarter Sessions held next after Michaelmas yearly, to make Rates for the Payment of Wages to Weavers, and others employed in the Woollen Manufactures, according to the Number of Yards that the Chains are laid upon the Warping Ears, and not otherwise j which Rates by the said Act were to continue for one Year from the making thereof: And whereas from the great Variety of the said Manufacture of Broad Cloth, as well in respect to Breadth and Colour, as to the Quantity and Quality of the Material of which the same is composed, it is found impradlicnble to form any general Rate of Wages that would be just, adequate, and suitable to the several Branches and Circumstances of the said Manufacture: And whereas great Mischiefs and Inconveniences have arisen, and may arise,

from the Exercise of the aforesaid Power and Authority given by the above recited Act to the Justices of the Peace, to make Rates for the Payment of Wages, as therein mentioned: For Remedy whereof,

May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited r, s enul^s5 Fhat it shall and maybe lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any of their cucu icp.a. Qcncraj or Quarter Sessions held next after Michaelmas yearly, to make Rates for the Payment of Wages to Weavers, and others employed in the Woollen Manufactures, according to the Number of Yards that the Chains are laid upon the Warping Bars, and not otherwise, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

I!. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all or any Contracts or Agreements made, or hereafter to be made and entered into, between any Clothier or Maker of Mixed, Medley or White Broad Cloth, and the Weaver or Weavers employed by such Maker, in respect to any Wages to be paid to such Weaver or Weavers, shall, from and immediately after the first Day of May one thou f nd seven hundred and fifty seven, be and are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; Rate made or to be made in pursuance of any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

/igrffrr!cnts entered into between Clothier and Wcivrr, be h oding,

to

III. And.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 13 — 15. 35

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Contracts or Agreements but to extend on

shall extend only to the actual Prices or Rates of Workmanship or Wages to be paid, and not to the Pay ly to the Wages, ment thereof in any other Manner than in Money, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of the said re which are to be cited Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign. p«jm Money.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clothier or Maker of any mixed, clothier not pay medley or white Broad Cloth, hall refuse or neglect to pay to the Weaver or Weavers employed by him ing the same

or them his or their Wages or Price agreed on in Money, within two Days next after the Work shall be within 2 Days performed and delivered to such Employer, or some Person on his Behalf (the same being demanded of ^jte^'very such Employer or Person employed on his Behalf; then and in every such Case, every such Clothier or tie ur^' Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; to be reco to forfeit 40s. vered in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and to be paid, applied and disposed of, as the several Penalties and Forfeitures incurred and made payable by the said recited Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are thereby directed and appointed to be recovered and applied.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual 'Recruiting of his Majestfs Land Forces and Marines.

WHEREAS by an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy Cap. 3. and effectual Recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; It is enacted, That for the Encouragement of fit and able Persons voluntarily to enter into his Majesty's Service, every Person who should voluntarily enter himself into his Majesty's Service, in the Manner therein mentioned, should receive the Sum of three Pounds out of the imoney of the Land Tax. arisen, or to arise, in the Years e one thousand seven hundred and fifty six and one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven: And whereas in the Provision made by the said Act for the Repayment of Part of the Sums so to be supplied out of such Land Taxes, for such Encouragement as aforesaid, the Word Sound is by Mistake inserted, in Head of the Words three pounds be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Forty Shillings Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament of every three assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, pound*p3'd°ut or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to cause forty Shillings of every three Pounds °0 \ecrepaid^which shall be so supplied out of the said Land Tax Money for Payment of the Encouragements afore the Exchequer by said, to be repaid into his Majesty's Exchequer by the respective Paymasters of his Majesty's Forces, out the Paymasters of such Money as they shall receive for the said Forces, to make good the respective Credits on the said of the Forces. Land Taxes, and to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Principal and Interest (if any) as shall be remaining thereupon; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Lime, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

WHEREAS an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, Cap. 7,

W for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, C Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or fall be taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, C which will expire upon the twenty-fourth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty ieven, C hath been found useful and beneficial: And whereas it is found necessary that the said Act should be continued for a longer Time; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and reciterlaftcon with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par tinued to 15no liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby vember next, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the fifteenth Day of November next.

CAP. XV.

An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barky, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour.

WHEREAS n Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for Cap. 10. a limited Time, the making of Lovj Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain; or from any Meal or Flour; which will expire upon the eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, hath been found useful and beneficial: And whereas it is found necessary the said Act should be continued for a longer Time^' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most

F 2 ' Excellent

1

36 C 16. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and The recited act Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said coniinacd 11 Ad shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the eleventh Day of December next. December next.

His Majesty im

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case his Majesty, at any P we red by Pro Tirne or Times after the eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and before d'tofo umi* te e^event^ Day f December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, sit all, in his Royal Discretion, to fuhend^he judge it to te most fr the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom, to permit the making of Low Wines

Act and permit and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, that

Distillation fresh then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be y.heat, &c iftucd, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published

in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and suffer all and every Person and Persons,

Natives and Foreigners (but not any particular person or Persons) at any Time or Times after the

laid eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, 'and before the said eleventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to make Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An acto extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reigrt of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain, and for repealing certain Clauses in the said Act.

23 G. 2. C 29.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in

rica

Bar Iron to be impoited from America, Duty free.

Clauses in the recited Act relating to the Importation thereof, extended to all the Ports of Great Britain.

Clsufe relating to Certificates for Duties paid, on being carried Coalhvile repealed.

Chase prohibiting the earning tr.ereof by Land 10 Miles from London repealed.

Chufr requiring the 15 iri to be stamped, repealed.

tituled, An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his maje/lys Colonies in ame and to prevent the Erediion of any Mill or other Engine for slitting or rolling of Iron; or any Plateing Forge to work with a Lilt Hammer; or any Furnace for making Steel in any of the said Colonies; tt is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, no Subsidy, Custom, Imposition, Rate or Duty, whatsoever, should be payable upon Bar Iron made in, and imported from, his Majesty's Colonies in America, into the Port of London: And whereas the Admission of such Bar Iron into the rest of the Ports of Great Britain, duty free, will be Advantageous to the Iron Ma 4 nufadure, as well as to the general Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the several and respective Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, Rates and Duties, now payable on Bar Iron made in, and imported from, his Majesty's Colonies in America, into any Port of Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that the said Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing, therein contained, so far as relates to the Importation of Bar Iron from America (except that is altered or repealed by this Act) shall, and is hereby declared to extend to all the Ports in Great Britain, as fully as if the same were repeated and re enacted in this present Act; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That no Bar Iron whatsoever shall be permited to be carried Coastwise, unless mention be made in the Certificate to granted for that Purpose of the Day on which the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions,

Rates and Duties, payable upon the Importation thereof, vere paid, and of the Name of the Person or Persons by whom the same were paid; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the said Clause shall be, and is hereby declared to be repealed.

III. And whereas by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That no Bar Iron, imported into the Port of London by virtue of the said Act, shall be carried or conveyed by Land, beyond ten Miles from any Part of the Port of London; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the said Clause shall be, and is hereby declared to be repealed.

IV. And whereas by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That all Bar Iron imported from any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, into the Port of London,

shall be stamped with such Mark or Stamp as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct,

in three different Parts of each Bar, which Provision will be for the future unnecessary be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, so far as relates to the stamping or marking of American Bar Iron, in the Port of London, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven be, and is hereby declared to be repealed.

CAP. XVII.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C ijy 18

37

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk.

WHEREAS by an act made in the second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Will 2 w. & Hf. liam and Queen Mary, intituled An III for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk; Ssff. 1. cap. 9.

amongst other Things in the said Act contained, the bringing in of Thrown Silk of the Growth or Pro duction of Italy is prohibited, unless imported in such Ships or Vessels, and navigated in such Mamie,

as in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, and 12 Car, 2.

An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, is directed and allowed, and brought cap. 18.

from some of the Ports ot those Countries or Places, whereof the same is the Growth or Production, and which shall come directly by Sea, and not otherwise: And whereas there is at present very great and immediate Want of organzined Thrown Silk from Italy, for the Use and Purpose of Warp in the Silk Manufacture, without which the Manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thousands of manufac turers must be unemployed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with Liberty given to the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament import crganzi assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or fr^d^i^wf0ra Persons to import or bring into this Kingdom, from any Port or Place, or in any Ship or Vessel what iim^ted Time! 3 soever, until thfe first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, organzined Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production of Italy \ anything contained in the said recited acts, or any other act, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, nor anything herein contained, shall extend to give Liberty to Silks of a parti import any Italian Thrown Silk, that shall be coarser than a Sort thereof, known and distinguished by cul "r Sor|: r° the Name of Third Bolonia, nor any Sorts of Silks commonly called Tram, of the Growth of Italy, nor h, blted tobeitt any other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Persia, Raft India, or China, under the aa^ilderl enai penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silks, as shall be brought over and impoited contrary to the Pur ty of Forfeiture, port, true Intent and Meaning of this act; one Moiety whereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster 5 wherein no eftoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

III. And for the better and more effectual Execution of this act, and to prevent the Importation of All organzined

any Sort of Thrown Silk not organzined Be it further enacted and declared, That all such organzined Thrown Silk Thrown Silk, as is allowed to be imported by this act, wheresoever landed, shall be brought to his °to^be majesty's custom house at London; to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported, brought up to the than that allowed by this act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as shall be imported custom house at contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this act; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use London, under of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall Penalty f for seize, inform or sue for the same j to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Ma feiture' jesty's Courts of Record; wherein no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; anything to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the Bringing and Landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

'7

WHEREAS the Duties granted by an act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign 7 & g v.

f the late Xing William the Third, upon French Wines and other Goods of the Growth, C 20.

product or Manufacture of France, as well as several other Duties upon various Goods imported into this Kingdom, are by Law not to be drawn back upon the re exportation thereof into foreign Parts

And whereas such Duties have been found in several Instances to be equal to the Value of the Goods which have been taken as Prize from the French, and thereby the Captors have so far lost the Benefit of their Prizes; which Discouragement hath often induced Captors to carry their Prizes directly to foreign Parts, to the Prejudice of this Kingdom Therefore be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Goods of the Growth, Pro Prize Cooiis, af duct or Manufacture of France, or of any of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of France, that have ter condemna been or shall hereafter be taken during the Continuance of the present War, and brought hither by any L n' "!ay b? of his Majesty's Ships of War or Privateers, shall, and may, upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, warehouso^ua2 be landed in any Port within this Kingdom, and secured under the King's Locks in Warehouses provided je^the King's at the foie Expense of the Captors, with the Privity, and Approbation, and under the Care and inspection Locks $ of the Commissioners, or other principal Officers for collecting and managing the respective Duties of Customs and Excise, to which such Goods are liable; and upon Admission of any such Goods taken since Duties are to be his Majesty's Declaration of War against: France, into such Warehouses, there shall be paid by the Cap ^n^ntwbatk tors, or their Agents, the following Duties only > which shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid 0nlexp rl'low

upon

38 C 18.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

payable on Goods, it' taken by the King's Ships j

nc. 2. C 4.. 21 G. 2. C 2. what if taken by pr.vateers, Customary Allowances and Discourts to be made.

gnr.

lsg. 2. C

Duty to be paid

on

hire enumerated

How the same are to be levied. Arc.

II. G. I, C 7.

What Duties are upon the Exportation of the same Goods; that is to say, For al! such Goods (except Wines and Vinegar, and such Goods as are herein after enumerated) of the Growth, product or Manufacture of France, or any of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of France, taken as aforesaid by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, the Half of the old Subsidy granted by the act of Tonnage and Poundage passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; and the whole of the further Subsidy of Poundage granted by an act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, being what is commonly called The Sul fidy one ih 01 if and seven hundred and forty seven; and for the like Goods if taken by any private Ship of War, the Half of the Paid old Subsidy, and no more; which Duties shall be collected, paid and applied in the same Manner, and to the same Purposes, whereunto they are by Law appropriated, subject nevertheless to the customary and legal Discounts and Abatements, and Allowances for Damage; and for every Tonne of French Wine and Frtnch Vinegar taken as aforesaid, either by Duties on French his Majesty's Ships of War or Privateers, the Sum of three Pounds; and so after the same Rate for any Wine and Vine greater or lelter Quantity; to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, as Part of the Duties arising by an act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all jfines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain Sunt of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Half of the old Subsidy granted by ad Valorem, up the said act of the twelfth of Charles the Second, and the whole of the further Subsidy of Poundage,

the Goods granted by the said A CL of the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which is directed.

by this act to be paid for such Prize Goods taken by his Majesty's Ships of War; and the Half of the old Subsidy granted by the said act of the twelfth of Charles the Second, which is directed by this act to be paid for such Prize Goods taken by private Ships of War, shall be payable ad Valorem, and no otherwise, upon the Oath of the Captors or their Agents, upon the following Goods; that is to say. Upon all Sorts of Woollen and Silk Manufactures, and Hats, Handkerchiefs, Checks, Knives and Nails, notwithstanding the same may have been rated in the Book of Rates of the twelfth Year of the Reign of Charles the Second, or the additional Book of Rates of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and that the said Duties ad Valorem respectively on the Goods before enumerated, shall be levied and collected by the same Rules and Regulations, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are directed and prescribed in and by an act of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for rating such unrated Goods and Merchandizes as are ufiwlly imported into this Kingdom, and pay Duty ad Valorem, upon the Oath of the Importer; and for ascertaining the Value of all Goods and Merchandizes not inserted in the former or present Book of Rates; and for repealing certain Duties upon Drugs and Rags; and for continuing the Duty upon Apples; and for ascertaini7ig the Method of admeasuring Piflures imported.

III. Provided always, That no Duties or Customs whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Prize Goods consisting of any Military or Ship Stores; anything in this or any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prize Goods of the Growth, product or Manufacture of France, or any of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of France, which shall be received into any Warehouse in Pursuance of this act, or which are now remaining in any Warehouse in this Kingdom, where they have been secured, under the King's Locks, by the permission

upon Payment of of the Commissioners of the Customs. shall and may, upon Payment of the respective Duties before di the Dufies of reeled by this act (if the same have been taken since the Declaration of War) be exported at any Time this AG; directly from thence, either by the Captors or their Agents, or by any other Person or Persons without and such as were paying any further Duty of Customs or Excise for the same; and if such Goods shall have been taken betaken before, fore the said Declaration of War, the same shall and may be exported in like Manner, without Payment wi?ho xa°ined any ^uty of Customs or Excise whatsoever; Person or Persons exporting the same giving ftiffici* 1 paying enc security in double the Value of the Goods, before the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse, that the same shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, 'jerj'ey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; which Security the Customer or collector of the Port from whence the same are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorised to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Ule.

Goods taken cut V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods of the Wa ihouic shall kc taken out of any Warehouse, wherein they are secured as aforesaid, to be consumed in this furn 'ion to^r.iv Kingdom, the Person or Persons so taking out the lame, shall first pay up the Remainder of the Duties the Duties pay which would have been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had been regularly im ai I: on imports ported by way of Merchandise into this Kingdom; and such Goods shall, in all other respects, be liable 'on to the same restrictions and Regulations to which they would have been subject, if this act had not been made.

Damaged Wires,

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge it given upjothe any wine with the before mentioned Duty of three Pounds per Tonne, which shall at the Time of landing nj bjh'e'to the"amc be damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, and which shall be given up by the Captors or their Duty of). per Agents, to the Officers of the Customs, to be publicly sold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar, in the Manner directed by an act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Custojns, Excise and Inland Duties.

Military or Ship Stores exempted from Duty. Prize Goods taken fir.ce the Declaration of War, my be exported

any Duty; the Exporter giving Security.

Tonne xz G. 1. C 23.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 19,

39

VII. Provided also, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to lei The Duties pay

fen or any ways alter the Duties which by Law are due and payable upon Goods that are the Growth, ^er°n 0l"

Product or Manufacture of any other Country or Place, except France and the Dominions belonging to the Crown of France, which may be taken as Prize and condemned in this Kingdom. no altered by

this ah

Concerning Customs see farther 30 Geo. 2. c. 29. 32 Geo. 2.

ic.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds and other Deeds and upon News Papers, Advertisements and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts, and for applying,

from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, and for raising the Sum of three Millions, by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of contrafts of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors, and also the Time for Payment [of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament This Aa a ex ahem bled, towards raising by the moult easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma plained and a jesty's public Expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the mndedby 32 4 several Rates and Duties, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Ge' f I9'

your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tyre same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one Additional du thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, there shall be raited, levied, collected and paid throughout the ties' the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Ute of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, For former Stamp

Duties refer to

WM. c. 21. 6 & 7 W. 3. C 12.9 & 10 IV 3. C 25. I Ann. fl. 1. c. 13. 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 22. 4^5 Ann. C 12. 5 Ann. C 19. S Ann. C 9-.

t)ann. c. 11^23. 10 Ann, C 19 & 26. 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 2. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. f. 48, 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. 11 I. C 8. 12 Geos.

C 33, "9 Geo. 2. c. 32. 16 Geo. 2. c. 26. 29 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 13.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in grofled, written or printed in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bond or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of six Pence is payable, by Virtue of an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, over and above all other Rates and Duties by the said Act, or by any other at of Parliament imposed, an additional Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

For and upon every News Paper or Paper containing public News, Intelligence or Occurrences printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, whether the same be contained in half a Sheet, or any less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, over and above all other Rates and Duties by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, or by any other act of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one halfpenny.

For every Advertisement to be contained in the London Gazette, or any other printed Paper in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public weekly or oftener, over and above all other Rates and Duties by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, or by any other Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one Shilling; and for every Advertisement contained in or published with any Paper or Pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public yearly, monthly or at any other Interval of Time exceeding one Week, a Duty of two Shillings.

on Indentures, Leaks, Bonds and other Deeds. 12 Ann. C 9.

Upon News Papers.

10 Anna?, C

Upon adverths nrents in News Papers.

Upon advertise nients in Pamphlets, or periodical Works, see.

For every Almanac or Calendar for one particular Year, or for any Time Jess than a Year, printed Upon Sheet ai on one Side only of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper, over and above the Duty charged thereon by nianacks. an act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, an additional Duty of9c one Penny.

For every other printed Almanac or Calendar for any one particular Year, over and above the Duty Upon other ai charged thereon by the said alan additional Duty ot twopence; and, manacles.

For every Almanac or Calendar made to serve for several Years, the said several additional Duties for Upon aima every such Year and, n. cks toferre

lor federal Wars.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted, Upon Licences written or printed any Licence for retailing of Wine, to ke granted to any Person who shall not take vyj^where no cut, either a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale or other other Licence is

exciseable taken oot.

40 C 19,

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

exciseable Liquors, over and above all other Rates and Duties payable by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, imposing any Duties on flampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, an additional Duty of five Pounds.

Upon Licences For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, for reca ling written or printed any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who hall take out Wine, where a. a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale and other exciseable Liquors, but shall not take out a Licence for re on!*'istakenou^ ta, ns of Spirituous Liquors, over and above all other Rates and Duties payable by Virtue of any former on.v is a enoj. or ^dls of Parliament, imposing any Duties on flampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, an additional Duty of four Pounds; and,

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who shall also take out a. Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, over and above all other Rates and Duties payable by Virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, imposing any Duties on flampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, an additional Duty of forty Shillings.

Upon Licences for retailing Wine, where Licence for Spirituous Liquors is taken out.

ctr.cerrar.g Stamp Duties fa farther 32 Geo. 2

35*

joo ]. Penalty on retailing Wine unlicensed.

Commissioners for Stamps to grant nvine Licences.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Person whatsoever, unless he be authorised and enabled in the Manner herein after prescribed, shall sell or utter by Retail, that is, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle or Gallon, or by any other greater or less retail Measure, or in Bottles in any less Quantity than shall be equal' to the Measure of the Cask or vessel in which the same shall have been or may lawfully be imported, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; the one Moiety of every such Penalty to be to the Use of the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Adoiety to him or them who will inform for the same; the said Penalty to be recovered in such Adanner as the Penalties for Offences committed against any Laws imposing any Duties on ilampt Vellum, Parchment or Paper are directed to be recovered.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by stamps on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and no other Person whatsoever, hall grant Licences under their Hands and Seals, to such Persons as they shall think fit, to sell and utter by Retail in Manner aforesaid, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or Liquor called or reputed Wine whatsoever, in any City, Town or other Place within Great Britain for the Space of one Year from the Date of such Licences.

Licences granted

IV. Provided nevertheless, That if before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty by former Com fevei^ the Agents or Commissioners authorised by Virtue of the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the e<ld^for^he'r e'gn f King Charles the Second, hall have granted a Licence to any Person to sell Wine by Retail Term they were for the Space of one Year, or for any Term not then expired, the Person so licensed shall be enabled to granted for. sell Wine by Retail for the Space of one Year from the Date of such Licence, or until the Expiration of iz Car. 2. C 25. the Term for which the Licence shall be so granted; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

New Licences to V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall take out such be taken out Licence for retailing Wine as aforesaid, to endure for the Space of one Year, shall take out a fresh li every Year and cence ten Days at least before the Expiration of that Year for which he shall be so licensed, if he or she Cic f mi Time continue to sell Wine by Retail, and in the same Manner shall renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for such Licences; and so yearly and every Year, as long as he or she shall continue to sell or utter Wine by Retail, in Manner aforesaid.

Licences to be

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Application made by, or in Begrimed to Per haif of? any Person not rclidingin the weekly Bills of Alortality, for a Licence to retail Wine, the said tonnes atadi Commissioners for the Time being, shall deliver or cause to be delivered such Licence, upon Payment of

stance, upon An, ., J r

plication in their the L "ty payable thereupon.

Behalf, and Payment of Duty. '

VII. And whereas by Virtue of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the 12 Car. 2. C 1 Second, intituled, An Act for the better ordering the Jelling of I Vines by Retail; and for preventing Abuses in the mingling, corrupting and violating of I Vines \ and for settling and limiting the Prices of the same; his Majesty's Agents for granting Licences to sell and utter Wine by Retail, are enabled to grant such Licences to Persons retailing Wines, on the Terms and for the yearly Rents in the said Act mentioned: Am! whereas it was provided by the said Act, that the Rents, Revenues and Sums of Money thence arising, except what should be allowed for the Salaries or Wages of his Majesty's said Agents, and the Officers and Ministers to be appointed for the better carrying on of the said Service, which was not to exceed six Pence out of every Pound thereof, should be duly and constantly paid and answered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, which Revenue is now vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and suc ccfl ors, and is Part of the Revenue established for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain: And whereas his Majesty for the Benefit of the Public, has been graciously pleased to content to an Abolition of the said Revenue, and to accept in Lieu thereof a yearly Income, equal to the Net Produce of the said Revenue arising from Licences to retail Wine; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the

twelfth

in part repealed,

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 19. 4 t

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, except so much thereof as relates to the preventing Abuses in the mingling, corrupting and viciating of Wines, and to settling and limiting the prices of the same, shall from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven be repealed, and the yearly Rents and Sums of Money thereby payable by Virtue of the said Abl on Licences to retail Wine, shall ceaie and determine.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the and the Com

said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the Commission whereby Agents and mission for grant of are appointed by virtue of the said Act for granting Licences to retail Wine, hall cease vlrtuedwreof to and determine. cease.

IX. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not in any wise be preju Privileges of the dicial to the Privileges of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, or either of Universities re them, nor to the Chancellors or Scholars of the same, or their Successors, but that they may use and fsrved to tbcm* enjoy such Privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed; anything herein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided also, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to be prejudicial Privileges of the to the Mailer, Wardens, Freemen and Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London, or to any London other City or Town Corporate, but that they may use and enjoy such Liberties and Privileges as they reservedtothem. have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That no Person, who from and after the said fifth Day of July one thou Exemption from find seven hundred and fifty seven, shall be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company of Vintners of the Duty not to the City of London, by Redemption only, shall be exempted from the Obligation of taking out a Li Their cence for selling or uttering Wine by Retail, or from the Payment of the Duties hereby granted on Li Freedom fnthe cences to retail Wine; but that the Freemen only of the said Company, who have been already admitted said Company, to their Freedom, or who from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty

seven shall be admitted to their Freedom in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, shall be entitled to such Exemption.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein Power of the contained, shall not in any wise extend to debar or hinder the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of st^altanttcf Saint Albans in the County of Hertford, or their Successors, from enjoying, using and exercising, all gr nt Licences, such Liberties, Powers and Authorities to them heretofore granted by several Letters Patents, under the reserved to them. Great Seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for the erecting, appointing

and licensing of three several Wine Taverns, within the Borough aforesaid, for and towards the Maintenance of the Free School there; but that the same Liberties, Powers and Authorities, shall be and are hereby established and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said Mayor and burgeites, and their Successors, to and for the Charitable Use, aforesaid, and according to the Tenor of the Letters Patents aforesaid, as though this Act had never been made; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said 70021.14s. 3d. fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his to be Paid annu* He irs and Successors, out of the Moneys which shall arilc from the new Duties on Licences to retail

Wine, by four quarterly Payments, on the tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth, 'evy^out of the Day of April, and the fifth Day of July yearly, in every Year, the Sum of seven thousand and two Dunes on Li pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence, which appears to have been the neat annual Produce of the cences for former Duties on Licences for retailing Wine, at a Medium of six Years, ending the fifth Day of Ja Wines nuary one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the several Du His Majesty im

ties before mentioned, payable by virtue of this Act for Licences to retail Wine, his Majesty, his Heirs 'to^the'

and Successors be, and he or they is and are hereby empowered to grant, by Warrant or Warrants under i, tc commiiti 6 his or their Sign Manual, during Pleasure, to the several Agents or Commissioners for managing the Du oners, out of the ties on Wine Licences granted by the said Abl made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles Duties on Wins the Second, and their Officers, or to fuel) of the said Agents or Officers as his Majesty, his Heirs and licences, Successors shall think proper Objebls of his or their Royal Bounty, such yearly Allowances as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall judge fit, so as no Allowance to any such Agent or Commissioner shall exceed five hundred Pounds by the Year and so as no such Allowance to be made to any other such Pensions not to Officer, shall exceed the present annual Amount of the Salaries and Wages due and payable to such Offi exceed a certain cers respectively.

CXV. And whereas the Duties on Licences for retailing Wine, granted by this Act, are subjected to the Payment of the yearly Sum of seven thousand and two Pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence,

as an Equivalent for a Revenue veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of an Act of the Parliament of England, made before the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland: And whereas his Majesty is by this Act empowered to grant, during Pleasure, out of the Produce of the Duties for retailing Wine hereby granted, to the Agents and Officers employed in the Colleblion of the Revenue hereby repealed, certain yearly Allowances, which may amount ro the Sum of three thou

three hundred and ten Pounds: And whereas that Part of Great Britain called Scotland was not subject to the Payment of any Part of the Revenue arising from Wine Licences so veiled in his M; i

Sum.

6 ought

42 C rg. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

ought not to be subject to any Part of the Duties granted by this present Act, applicable as an Equi valent to the said former Revenue, or in Consequence thereof, but to such a Proportion only of the Proportional Duties granted by this present Act as is applicable to the public Service; 'Be it provided and enacted dut.fs payable r, y the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where a Duty of five Pounds is herein before directed to be Licences r*to re PM 0; 1 a Licence for retailing Wine, a Duty of three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, and no tail wine. more, shall be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that in cokcrr.ing IF! all Cases where a Duty of four Pounds is herein before directed to be paid for such Licence, a Duty of f e farthir two Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, and no more, shall be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in 32 Geo. 2. c. 19. that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that in all Cases where a Duty of two Pounds is herein before directed to be paid for every such Licence, a Duty of one Pound six Shillings and eight Pence, and no more, shall be paid for a Licence to retail Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; anything in this at contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

con m'ftior.ers

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be fm fr the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to

1 tvv°th>rduties che and recover, cr cause to be collected or recovered, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and suc cuecn wineli' cefiors, all such Arrears of Rent for Licences to retail Wine, or of Forfeitures for retailing Wine with cr.ccs before out Licence, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said fifth Day of July one thousand 5 Ju0' 1757* seven hundred and fifty seven; for which Purpose, as well as for the better enabling them to execute the Trusts hereby in them reposed, all the Books, Registers, Papers, Instruments, or other Writings belonging to the said Agents appointed by virtue of the said Ach made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting Licences to retail Wine, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be transferred to the Custody of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper.

pia^r'iin cr1"

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual h ir Manage levying, collecting, and paying all the said additional and new Duties herein before granted, the same mem, " shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose; to cause such new Stamps to be provided to denote the said several Duties, as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said several Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

One new Stamp

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to prevent the d^ovthe* eve ° Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on »atduties on which several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said

Vellum, Paper, Commissioners, instead of the distinct Stamps direefed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the'

&'<=. Vellum, Parchment or Paper, charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp to be provided to denote the

ffid several Duties on every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

Indentures,

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper,

Lesfet, Bonds, upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond or other Deed, by this Act charged with a Duty of one shil adia^om sto li'ig, shah from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven be in i>e brought to the grolted, written or printed, shall be brought to the Head Office for stamping or marking Vellum, parch office to be ment and Paper; and the said Commissioners by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them,

ft uupt. shall forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or Persons, from time to time, (lamp or

mark any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be used for the Purpose of ingrossing, writing or printing such Indentures, Leases, Bonds and other Deeds, he or they paying to the Receiver-general of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act; which Stamp or Mark to be put thereupon in pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Duty hereby payable for the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so stamped or marked.

corr.miitiorws

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Time ivpartfb«fuf11 '}eins' take Care that the several Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain shall from time to time

ficicnuy form'll" fufnciently furnished with Vellum, Parchment and Paper, stamped and marked as by this Act is died with Stamp:, reeled, to the I nd that the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcftbis, may have it in their Election, either to buy the same of the Officers and Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the tifiial and most common Rates above the said Duties, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be stamped and marked as aforesaid.

pr 'Sfu S jrkp'XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Price of such stamped Vellum, jr.irjeej"1 ' Parchment or Paper, shall be yearly set, and such Price marked, and such Allowance made on picfent aid 1 he i.fual Payment of the said Duties, for any Quantity of the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper so to be sold, in Allowance rr.arfc such Manner as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper is diiccled.

ft 1 promft Payment.

Stamp may be a'tru i and te c ./.i J.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, stall and may be altered and renewed, in such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, are by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who shall

A.D. 1757. Anno tiicelimo Georgii II. c. 19. 43

have in their Custody or Possession, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Stamp or Mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a Stamp denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be imprelted, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law relating to damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, is in like Cases directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before duties to be paid granted, diall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being, of ^ethe ^eceiv=r the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; who shall keep a separate and didindf Account, of stamps; and the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting paid by him ia: o for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes herein after expreded, the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper,

are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Moneys arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, upon any Account whatsoever; the said Money so paid These Dunes to into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, subject to the Payment herein before directed to be made a

thereon, shall be Part of the Fund established by this Act for the several Purposes in this Act men un tioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all

other Officers who shall be employed in the Collection or Management of the said several Duties herein fi«rs0^obey* before granted, shall in the Execution of their Offices, observe and perform such Rules and Orders, as the Orders ct' they respectively diall from time to time receive from the Commissioners of the treasury, or the Trea the Treasury. surer of the Exchequer for the Time being; and that no See or Reward diall be taken or demanded by No Fee to be any such Commissioners or Officers from any of his Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be taken by thsm' done in pursuance of this act; and in case any Officer employed in the Execution of this act, in rela Officers to an tion to the said Duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required fvver alidama to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects diall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending shall be liable by any action to be founded on this Statute, to an 66 e 0 uty' fwer to the Party grieved all such Damage, with treble Cods of Suit.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and their Commissioners Officers, shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of the Trust in them reposed, penajues11^/ or for diverting or misapplying the Money received in pursuance of this AI, as by any former Law re for Bieach of lating to damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper are inflicied; and that all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Trust, or Mifap clauses, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or application of mo pointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment and "ies;

Paper, on which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall be ingrossed, written or printed, or ^7, Ada" re to the Rates and Duties on News Papers and Advertisements, and Almanacs, and not hereby altered, iating to Stamps shall be in full Force and Effedd, with relation to the additional Duties hereby imposed, and shall be ap extended to this plied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, colledding and securing the said additional and new Act.

Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XXVI. And for preventing a Diminution of the Revenue arising from the Duties payable on Alma nacks, by subjedding the Venders of unstamped Almanacs to the same Penalties, as by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign are inflidded on the Venders of unfdamped News Pa ' pers be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, from and after the said fifth 16 Geo. 2. CS; Day of 'july one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall sell, utter or expose to Sale any Alma Hawkers of un*

nack, liable to any Duty by this or any former Add imposed, such Almanac not being damped or thea*

marked as by this or any former Act is directed, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, punishment. be liable to the same Punishment as is inflidded on any Hawker of unfdamped News Papers by the said Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and every Justice of the Peace shall have the like Power to convidd such Offender, as by the said Act is granted, with relation to the con viddion of Offenders against the said Act; and every Person who shall apprehend such Offender, shall be entitled to the like Reward, as by the said Act is granted for the Apprehension of Offenders against the said Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, from and after the Penalty of cour said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall counterfeit or forge, or procure terfeitmgor forg to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed s^s or

or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by pgath? C

this or any other Act of Parliament granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend or sell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper liable to any stamp duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to the stamp duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

44 C 19. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Tor fcrrr.er Du '

XXVIII. And whereas the Duties upon Coals exported to foreign Parts in British) Vessels, are lcfs

tie! refer t9& ' than the Duties payable on Coals carried Coastwise, to be used in this Kingdom, whereby Foreigners

jyl supp^e^ therewith at a less Expense than the Subjects of this Realm, to the great Prejudice of

e°2l.11S A.*t^le Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom; and an additional Duty on Coals so exported, will be

C 4..9Am.' a proper Aid to be granted to his Majesty, for the Purposes of this act be it enacted by the Autho

C 6 & 22. rity aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred fifty seven

so. Ann. St. 2. there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Chal

r 9- 5 dron of Coals, Nevccastle Measure, which shall be slipped for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, ex

C 4. -2 gfj/a. cept to Ireland, the ljle of Man, or his Majesty's Plantations, an additional Duty of four Shillings, and

C j" " the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, over and above the present Duties now payable for the same; which said additional Duty hereby granted, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, in the

on Coals thippe/ ^amc Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways and Methods, as the

for so: eign Parts, former Duties, payable to his Majesty upon the Exportation of Coals are raised, levied, collected and

belonging to paid, as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties

the Briafh Do and Forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enabled in the Body of this pre rrmions. sent A CL

Concerning Cecils

see fjrtter 31 Cte. 2. C 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. 33 Geo. 2. 15.

Book to be kept

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Auditor of the for'c^efir.dit <he ^ece pt f Exchequer, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which all the Moneys arising faivoutie^fc 6 from the said additional Duty, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all para: el. other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever;

said Duties and the said Money so arising from the said additional Duty, and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, to be Part of a shall be Part of the Fund established for the several Purposes herein after mentioned.

Fund.

Recital of Clauses in two acts of 16 Geo. 2. c. 8. and

C j2.

3q Gcc. z. c. 6.

XXX. And whereas by an act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same; and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors; the Sum of twenty Shillings yearly is directed to be paid by every Person retailing such Liquors (except as is therein excepted) to be granted in the Manner mentioned in the said act: And whereas by an act made in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Vidinailers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters by Retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences; It was amongst other thing's enabled, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, the several Rates and Duties imposed by an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, should ccafe and determine, and be no longer paid; and it was thereby also enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June the principal Sum of four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds, in Exchequer Bills, Part of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, at an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which Exchequer Bills had been made forth in pursuance of the said act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and then remained unsatisfied and undischarged, together with the Interest thereupon, and the Charges of circulating the same, should be transferred from the said Rates and Duties then charged with the same, and be charged, together with the Sum of five hundred eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds directed to be raised by the afore recited act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, upon the Duties granted by the said other act of Parliament made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign: And whereas by an act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for obliging them to advance the Sum of one million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Mait Duties, granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; reciting, that in pursuance of the said recited act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the said Sum of four hundred eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds, in Exchequer Bills, as also the said further Sum of five hundred eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, amounting together to the principal Sum of one million, were charged upon the said Duties arising from Licences as aforesaid, at an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that the said Exchequer Bills, by paying off Part of the said principal Sums, did then amount to no more than the principal Sum of nine hundred eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds; and also reciting, that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England were willing and contented that the said Sum of nine hundred eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds, in Exchequer Bills, remaining unsatisfied on the said Duties payable for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, might be cancelled and discharged, and in lieu thereof to accept of an Annuity of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, being the Interest on the said Sum, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be charged of the same Securities; and further reciting, that the said Governor and Company were also willing, upon

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

19,

45

the Terms by them proposed, to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, the Sum of one million, upon the Credit

of the Rates and Duties and Assessments arising by the Malt and Land Tax, granted for the Service of the said Year, at four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for Exchequer Bills to be issued for that Purpose,

it was thereby enacted, That all the said Exchequer Bills charged upon the said Duties, should be discharged, cancelled and made void, and the Interest thereof, together with the Charges of circulating the same, should be fully cleared and paid oft; and that in lieu of the said principal Sum of nine hundred eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds, in Exchequer Bills, the said Governor and Company

should be entitled to have and receive at his Majesty's Exchequer, one Annuity or yearly Sum of thirty

nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and upon the said principal Sum to be paid in the Manner mentioned in the said Act, till the Redemption thereof by Parliament, with such Provisions for making good the Deficiencies of the < said Rates and Duties as are in the said Act contained: And whereas by another Act made in the twen 20 Geo. 2. €.39, tieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty to be paid by Dislillers, upon Licences taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors; the several Distillers with in the Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, or weekly Bills of Mortality, are per mitted to take out yearly Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, upon Payment of five Pounds for every such Licence: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his pre and a4 Geo>23feint Majesty, intituled An Aidfor granting to his present Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, c'

jpresent

Licences retailing of prrits; and

that the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon in the County of Middlesex shall be under the Inf petition of the Head Office of Excise, is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, the said Duty of five Pounds payable by every Distiller for a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu of the said Duty, an additional Duty of twenty Shillings per Annum, should be paid for every Licence to be

taken out for retailing Spirituous Liquors: And whereas the said last mentioned Duty, not being by the last mentioned Act appropriated, is subject to the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the said several Duties of twenty Shillings, and twenty Shillings, for yearly Licences, to retail Spi

rituous Liquors, have not been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from each other, but an Account thereof hath been kept as if the same were consolidated,

and the Surplus of the said Duties so united, after reserving sufficient to pay the Annuity due to the Bank of England on the Credit of the first of the said Duties, which is now in Consequence of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for reducing the Rates of Interest of the several Annuities therein mentioned, reduced to the yearly Sum of thirty-four thousand five hundred and thirty-eight Pounds, and will in consequence of the said Act be from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight reduced to twenty-nine thousand six hundred and four Pounds, hath from time to time been disposed of by Parliament for the Public Service: And whereas the Revenue arising from the said several Duties so united, will be more than sufficient to pay the said Annuity, and the Security of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Payment thereof will be enlarged by charging the said Annuity, as well on the said Duty granted by the Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as on the said former Duty granted by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and it will be for the Public Service to grant the Surplus of the said Duties so united,

for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the several Rates and Duties hereby imposed; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen, or which shall from time onrlicences for to time arise, by the said several Rates and Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, after retailing soiri paying and reserving, from time to time, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, Money sufficient to tuous li<iuors> satisfy and pay the said Annuity due and payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandt0 b. c. kept apart as aforesaid, shall at the said Receipt of Exchequer be kept distinctly and apart from all other Branches anrt; o g0°" of the Public Revenue; and the same shall be and is hereby declared to be, an additional Fund and Seth annmues curity for Payment of the several Annuities granted by this AI, in the Manner herein after mentioned, granted by this and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever. Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities which by this The additional act shall be granted and made payable, with respect of the principal Sum of three millions, to be raised Duties, and sur in Manner and Form as is hereafter directed, shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out 0fp>l|s aforesaid, the several additional and new Rates and Duties by this AI imposed on llampt Vellum, Parchment and th^paymen/of Paper, whereon the said Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds, shall be ingrossed, written or printed; the Annuities and also upon and out of the said additional and now Duties on News Papers, Advertisements, Alma granted by this nacks; and also upon and out of the said Duty on Licences for retailing Wine; and also upon and out A of the Surplus of the Duties upon licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and also upon and out of the said additional Duty on Coals exported to foreign Parts; and the said several additional and new Rates and Duties, and the said Surplus, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

46 C 19.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

XXXII. And whereas several Persons have subscribed towards the said Sum of three millions for the Purchase of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; and also of Annuities for Lives, payable for every one hundred Pounds contributed, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum; and the said Subscribers or Contributors have, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, deposited with and paid to the first or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds by them respectively subscribed, and are desirous to pay the remaining Principal Sums by them subscribed as aforesaid, at the Times and in the Manner herein after appointed in that Behalf; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such respective Contributors who have already deposited with or paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor

and Company of the Bank of England, the Sum of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds by them

subscribed respectively, to advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the remaining Sums by them subscribed respectively towards the said Sum of three millions, on or before the respective Days or Times, and in the Porportions in this Act hereafter limited in that Behalf; that is to say, The Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, being Part of the Sum their" Subscripri f remaining, on or before the fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; the Sum ons, viz. 10l. of fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the seventh Day of July then next follower Cent. by ing; the Sum of nfteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the eighteenth Day of August

June, 15]. per t]lcn next following; the Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty i'l' )tr Cent September then next following; the Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on

by is August, 'or before the tenth Day of November then next following; and the remaining Sum of fifteen Pounds per 15l. percent. Centum, on or before the twenty second Day of December then next following, by; i s?pr.

35l. percent, by 10 Nov. and 15 1, percent, by zz December.

Contributors who hive paid into the Bank 15 1. percent, towards purchasing Annuities tinder this Act, are to pay the Remairder of

Contributor in titjed to 3 1. percent, transferrable Annuities, and an Annuity for Life of 11.

2?. 6 d. percent.

3 1. percent. Annuities to commence fresh 5 July 1757; and to be paid half yearly.

Life Annuities to le pa.ii half yearly also.

Receip's to be given to Contributors for Money paid in by tm.rr:

which may be alhpncd.

Calmer of the Ernie to give Security j

sr.d piy the mo ries in the hx thet er.

trc./vrs to ap j y ti r Money r: ' erv ees sr cd l.v the Cun. .01 s.

Contributors Nan c to Lc enter .1 in Hoc ks t the Dank.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor, for and in respect of every one hundred Pounds by him subscribed, shall be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; and shall also be entitled for every one hundred Pounds so subscribed, to an Annuity for Life, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Annuities which shall become due and payable to the several Contributors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall commence and be computed from the said fifth Day of July oc thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and shall he paid by half yearly Payments, by even and equal Portions, on the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of July in every Year and that the Annuities for Lives which shall be due and payable, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence ptr Centum per Annum, shall be paid in like Manner, by half yearly Payments, by even and equal Portions, on the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of July in every Year^the first half yearly Payment to be made on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, if such Contributors respectively shall, on or before that Time, have appointed their Nominees; or upon such of the said half yearly Days of Payment, as shall be next after the respective Appointments of their Nominees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive any Part of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of three millions, shall give Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums; and that the Receipts to be so given shall be assignable by indorse ment thereupon made, at any Time before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and no longer.

XXXVI. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipts of his Majesty's Exchequer for the public Use, all the Moneys which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from Time to Time, of and for the said Sum of three millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in them reposed; shall from Time to Time pay all such Moneys so received, and account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's hxchequer by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons ol Great Britain, in this present Session of Parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the accomp tant General of the Governor anil Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the said contributors.shall be fairly entered, which Book or Books the LI id respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable 'l'imcs, resort to and inspect, without any Fee

A. d.1757; Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19.

47

Duplicate thereof to be transmitted to the Exchequer.

or Charge; and that the said Accomptant General shall, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contributors duly paying Contributors da the whole Sum subscribed, at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, and their ly paving their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by Vir bubscriptions, tue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy, the said several Annuities by this Act granted in respect of the Sum so subscribed, out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated for Payment thereof, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained, as well in respect of the said transferable Annuities, after the Rate of three pounds/w Centum per Annum, as of the said Annuities for Lives, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Anmun, and that the said several Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and impositions whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as such respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have completed the Payment of the Moneys by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of three millions, for the Purchase of the said several Annuities, such Sums, for and in respect of such transferable Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum in which they shall become interested, shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be placed to their Credit, and made transferable in the Books of the Bank of England to be kept for that Purpose.

XLI. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of Money at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, administra tors and Assigns, shall not advance or pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sums so subscribed, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned; then, and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sums so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities which by this Act: are granted and made payable in respect of the said Sum of three millions, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the several Rates, Duties and Sums of Money, composing the Fund hereby established for the Payment thereof; and the said several Rates, Duties and Sums of Money, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

xliil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General for the Bank of England for the Time being shall, in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, give Credit to the said respective Contributors, and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the principal Sums by them respectively subscribed and paid, and the Persons to whose Credit such principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be provided and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; every principal Sum so assigned and transferred, shall carry an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall betaken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to a Proviso herein after contained for that Purpose.

XLIV. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the said transferrable Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum \ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, shall, from Time to Time, until the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be redeemed as aforesaid, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or first Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys from Time to Time arising into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, from the said Rates and Duties, and Sums of Money by this Act granted and appropriated, as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time for Payment of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the trea fury, or any three or more of them, or the Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had and obtained, in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective half yearly Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succefifors for the Time being, by Way of Impressed, and upon Account, for Payment of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are"by the said Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Account thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or to have sure e states in the Annuities,

and the same to be Tax free.

On compleating their Payments, Contributors to have their Annuities placed to their Credit, and the same to be transferrabls.

Contributors not duly paying the Whole of their Subscriptions, forfeit what they shall have paid.

The Dufies and Sums granted by this Act to be a Fund for Payment of the Annuities.

Contributors to have Credit in proper Bockr, for the Sums paid in by them j

the same to be transferied in other Books. Annuities deemed transferrable Stock.

A Chief Cashier and Accomptant General, to be employed at the Bank.

Treasury to issue Money from Time to Time, to the said ca ihier, for Payment of the Annuities.

Accomptant General to inspeeb the Receipts and Payments.

C

ig,

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Annuities to be dermed a Perlo nol Estate.

Sums contribu

and may be af figred or transferred.

Method of af

Deiay; and that all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the said Annuities after the Pate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, hall be possessed thereof as of a personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; Lav, Statute or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this al, towards the said Sum of three millions, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending, shall be deemed one Capital and rvin^stock1 6'1 j°'nt Stock; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Moneys by them severally advanced, for the Purchase of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or to which they shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the said Annuities attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise.

Amuives deck

XLVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon rt. i to be redeem one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, able by Parlia and upon Repayment by Parliament of the said Sum of three millions, or any Part thereof, by Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at one Time, in such Manner as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the said Annuities, 'after the Rate of three Pounds - per Annum, then, and not till then, such or so much of the said Annuities as shall be attending on the principal Sums so paid oft, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this albo

les to be kept xlvill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly kept for entering Af by the said Accomptant General for the Time being, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said signments or Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall at all seasonable Times be entered transjersot an ancj regjftcrecj. which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorised in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more ciedible Witnesses; that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall signingandtranf respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and transfer itrnng the same. ring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law. Annuities maybe

XLIX. Provided always, '1 hat all Persons possessed of any Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, devised by Will, or Estate and Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Entry to be made Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made on any such Devise, till so much of the said Will as rel — e lates to any Share, Estate or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, be entered in the said Office;

and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

L Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys arising from triy all inciden the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of three millions, any three or more of the Commissioners tal Charges; of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necefi arily attend the Execution of this al, in such Manner as to them shall seem and to settle the just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper for the Allowances to Service, Pains and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the fh anda*c a Lid Contributions; and also shall have Power to make out of the Fund hereby established, or out of the ct mptant Gene sinking Fund, such further Allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the Service, Pains and Labour rat, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities, after the

Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable by virtue of this al; and also for the Service, to be at the Dif Pains and Labour of the said Accomptant General, for performing the Trull reposed in him by this al; pokl of the Go all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respedi to the Service, Pains and Labour of any offi vernor and Com ccr or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor pany of the bank. and Company, and at their Difnofal only.

Bank to continue

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Com 3 Cirporatinn pany or the Bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any their oil he Annul own Funds, in pursuance of the A else for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corpo tiet are redeemed, ration till all tiic said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by this Act' granted, shall he redeemed by Parliament, according to the Provilb herein before contained in that Belial f; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall jot incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

island whereas in pursuance of a Resolution of the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament af ivmbled, diverse Persons did subscribe the Sum of three hundred thirteen thousand one hundred Pounds,

and no more, towards the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by the said Resolution diiecled to be raised in Manner therein mentioned, by Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survi worship, or for Terms of Years certain: A nd whereas by a subseijuent Resolution of the Commons of Ctreat Britain, in Parliament afi einbled, all Subscribers towards the said Sum of two millions five huns died thousand Pounds, purl uant to the said former Resolution, who, inttend of the Annuities therein

jnen

t hereof.

Stamp Duties not chargeable on Transfers. Treasury to d

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 19. 49

A.D. 1757.

mentioned, Should choose to accept the Annuities proposal by the said subsequent Resolution, and who on or before the fourth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven should, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, express their Consent, or not express their Diflent thereunto, were, upon their Compliance with the Terms in the subsequent Resolution aft mentioned,

for every one hundred Pounds so by them subscribed, intitled to the several Annuities by the said fub Sequent Resolution proposed; which Cate the Sums so by them before advanced, were to be deemed

Part of their Contribution, for the Purchase of the Annuities, by the subsequent Resolution proposed:

And whereas several of the Persons so subscribing the Sum of three hundred thirteen thousand one Subfaibers: o 4 hundred Pounds, towards the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, mrested to be raised sr'ir>j 4 on the Terms of the said sir ft mentioned Resolution, induced by the Allowance of three Pounds per fja5 t a^o 4 Centum, stipulated by the said Resolution to be made to them for all previous Payments, may have ad Resolution.

vanced more than the Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, by the said last mentioned Resolution directed conur.ons, «c

pur foimer tile

hundred and fifty seven, shall have demanded Restitution thereof, Io much Money as shall exceed the of their Deposit Amount of such Deposit, together with Intereil for the same, after die Rate of three Pounds per Centum Morey a, ex per Annum, from the Time of such previous Payments to the Time of such Demand; the said Intereil to 'd per be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Moneys contributed by virtue of this Act.

LIII. And whereas several of the Persons who subscribed towards the said Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, on the Tcims of the said first mentioned Resolution, may have been prevented, either by Absence or Ignorance of the said last mentioned Resolution, from complying with the Terms thereof, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Persons shall he at Li t, me.:

Cent, of the Sums subscribed.

allowed to Subscribers to the 0

quired to return accordingly, or to subscribe the like Sums on the Terms of the Resolution last mentioned; and that in the Stead of any Person or Persons so demanding and obtaining Restitution of the Others mav fub snms by him, her or them subscribed, towards the said Sum of two millions five hundred thousand In their

Pounds, directed to be raised in pursuance of the said first mentioned Resolution, any other Person or Persons shall, on or before the fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be admitted to subscribe towards completing the Sum directed to be raised in pursuance of the Resolution last mentioned, he, he or they, paying at the Time of such Subscription the several Sums then payable according to the Terms of the said Resolution.

LIV. And whereas for the greater Encouragement of Persons to become Contributors to the said Sum of three millions, directed by this Act to be raised, it is intended that each Contributor shall for every one hundred Pounds contributed be also entitled to an Annuity for Life, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Go Contributors to vernor and Company of the Bank of England, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the have an Annuity respective Proportions herein before directed, the Principal Sum of one hundred Pounds, o: diverse entire [0t^<7ri(!vc. Sums of one hundred Pounds, for the Purchase of the Annuities granted by this Act, shall, for or in i. in'i/lu* respect of every Principal Sum of one hundred Pounds so to be advanced and paid, he entitled to have

and receive at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer during his or her Life, or the Life of some other Person, to be nominated by him or her, or by hi? or her Assigns, an Annuity of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum, over and above the Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, before by this Act made payable at the Bank of England to each Contributor of one hun p^ cent. per dred Pounds; which Annuity so payable at the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be paid by Half Annum, to be yearly Payments, on the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of July in every Year; the first psid Half yearly. Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, if such Contributors respectively shall on or before that I'ime have appointed their Nominees in Manner herein after mentioned, or upon such of the said half yearly Days of Payment as shall be next after the respective Appointments of their Nominees; and that the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Go c.ftier to g'.ve to vernor and Company of the Bank of England, shall as soon as he or they snail have received c 'irrisutors, on

from any such Contributor forty Pounds per Centum, of the several Sums by them respectively subscribed, r, er to 40 "forthwith give to such Contributor or his or her Assigns, a Certificate by him or them fio ned, dire'

to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be printed or written upon Cheque Pa

0? percent. Ceru

rected ficausj

per,

and cut out Indentwife, through some Flourish or Device, to be contrived by the said Cashiers, containing thi* Names and Additions of such Contributors, or his or her Assigns, together with the Annuity payable to him, her or them, in respect of the Sum so contributed; which Certificate shall be assignable, which may be by Endorsement thereon to be made and witneii ed by two Persons at any Time or Times before the fifth aligned.

Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and that in order to prevent the Auditor of Counterpart of the said Receipt from being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Certificate, the said Cashiers Chcqio f shall transmit to the said Auditor the Counterpart of the Cheques of all the Certificates given by them ct rtj.1<c3'cs tniuch Contributors as aforesaid; which Counterparts shall be expressed the Number of such Cer editor'f tifieatc, the Contributors Name, and the Annuity contained therein. the tvchequrr.

II

C 19.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Cashier 'o trans m t to the Auditor, a Book of the Contributors Names, and Sums paid.

Contributors to brine their cer tifi ates to be exchanged for Orders, and to name Nc minces for the Life an noiti.s.

Such a Number of Orders for Certificates to be made out as the Contributors shall desire j

the same to be fitped by three Commissioners of the Treasury.

Books to be provided at the ex iherprer for entering the Names of Contributors, Assigns and Nominees.

The yearly Sum of 33, 7501. appropriated for I'ajment of Life Annuities.

Payment to be male half yearly.

Annuity to cease upon the Death 0 the Nominee.

Orisers may le astir id tot a s qu 1", durirt the L I 01 the ie Clive Noira

utct.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Cashier or Cashiers shall, within seven Days after the said twenty second Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven. transmit to the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book fairly written on Paper, ligned by him or them, containing the Names of the several Contributors towards raising the said Sum of three millions, the principal Sums by them respectively paid, and the Annuities payable in respect thereof, at the Rate aforesaid, to the End that the said Auditor may be thereby finished that the full and entire Sum payable by each Contributor, hath been paid to such Cashier or Cashiers; which Books finail remain in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt for ever.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor, or such other perl on as shall be possessed of any such Certificate by this Act directed to be given by any such Cashier, shall before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight deliver, or cause to be delivered, every Certificate so to him or her given, to be exchanged for Orders to be made out in the Manner herein after mentioned 5 and shall also at the same Time name to the said Auditor, his or her own, or some other Life, during which he or she, or his or her Assigns, shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Share of the yearly Fund by this ast directed to be set apart, out of the said several Rates, Duties and Sums of Money by this Act granted to his Majesty; Pain of forfeiting not only the Half year's Annuity which shall become due and payable to him or her, or his or her Assigns, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, in respect of every principal Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be advanced as aforesaid, but also all subsequent half yearly Payments, until he or she, or his or her Assigns, shall have produced to the Auditor of the Receipt such Certificate or Certificates, and shall have appointed a Nominee or Nominees as aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such Certificate or Certificates shall be delivered to him, cause such and so many Order or Orders for Payment of such Annuities, to be made out in the Exchequer for such Certificate or Certificates, as shall be desired by the said several and respective Contributors, or their Assigns; care that the Annuity or Annuities made payable by such Order c r Orders, do not exceed in the Whole the Annuity or Annuities specified and expressed in such Certificate or Certificates, in exchange for which such Order or Orders shall be so made out as aforesaid; Order or Orders shall be made out upon Vellum or Parchment, and shall contain the Names, Surnames, Additions and Places of Abode, of the respective Contributors or their Assigns, and of their Nominees, and the reputed Ages and Parents of their Nominees, with other Descriptions, which shall hest ascertain the Person of such Nominees; and also the Annuities payable during the Lives of such respective Nominees out of the yearly Fund herein after directed to be set apart for that Purpose; and all such Orders shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or "more of them, or the High treasurer for the Time being; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purpose and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removals of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer; nor shall they or any of them have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void, such Orders so signed as aforesaid.

LVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, and Clerk of the Pells severally, there shall be provided and kept one or more Book or Books, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all such Contributors, or their Assigns, and their Nominees, during whose Lives respectively the several Dividends of the said yearly Fund hereafter directed to be set apart shall be payable, at the Time when the same shall be nominated as aforesaid; Books it shall be lawful for the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, from time to time, to have resort to, and to inspect without Fee or Reward.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys arising by virtue of thv> Act, there shall yearly and every Year be separated and kept apart at the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Sum of thirty-three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds; which said Sum of thirty-three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds shall be, and is hereby declared to be a yearly Fund, for answering and paying the Annuities as aforesaid, and shall yearly and every Year be equally divided among the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, during the Lives of their respective Nominees, in Proportion to the Principal Sums by them advanced, by two equal half yearly Payments; that is to say, On the fifth Day of January and fifth Day of July in every Year; the first Payment thereupon to be made on the fifth Day of January one thousand i'even hundred and fifty-eight, if such Contributors respectively shall, on or before that Time, have appointed their Nominees, or upon such of the said half yearly Days of Payment, as shall be next after the rel pedlive Appointments of their Nominees.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of every such Nominee, the Snare of the said Fund which was payable during his or her Life, shall cease and deter n i ie.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to any fuc. 1 CI iitributor, or his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any Time during the Life of his 1 i' h r Nominee or Nominees, by proper Words of a.ffignment to be endorsed on his or her, or their Older, to be uiti.cfied by two Persons, to assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Old cr or Orders, to any other Person or Persons; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, the Officers there shall cause an Entry or Memorial theiccf to by made in the Book of Registry for such Orders, without Fee or Charge; and after such Entry

5 1

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19.

made, such Alignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may, in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall make such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

LXII. And for preventing all Frauds in receiving any Share of the yearly Fund hereby appointed to At demanding he set apart as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor, his^or her Executors, Administrators, Assigns or Agents, upon Demand of any half yearly Payment of ft, iinifter and his or her respective Shares of the said yearly Fund (unless the Nominee appears in Person at the said churchwardens Receipt) shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominee, signed by the to be produced cf Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be then living, upon the dry when t'u' o!, the the said half yearly Payments shall become due (if such Nominee shall be then rending in that Part of, C

Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Benvick upon Tweed) or otherwise, it /a, e" e' shall and may be lawful to and for every such Contributor, or his or her Executors, Administrators or '

Assigns, at his or her Election, to make Oath of the Truth of his, her or their respective nominee's or cee (jimc to be Life upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment hall become due, before one or more Justices of oath'^before a the Peace of the respective County, Riding, City, Town or Place wherein such Person, at the Time of justice; making such Oath shall reside; and in like Manner every such Contributor, his or their Executors, Administrators, Assigns or Agents, whose Nominee shall reside in any Town or Place, being Extraparo nd 10 Prices chial, upon the Day where any of the said half yearly Payments shall become due, shall make a like Extraparochul. Oath before any such Justice or Justices aforesaid, of the Life of such Nominee on that Day (which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered to administer) and such Justice or Justices hall make a Certificate thereof; for which Oath and Certificate no See or Reward shall be de _.. or paid; and the said Certificate shall be filed in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of to sted inth! the Exchequer. _ Auditor's Office;

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be guilty of a pena!ry of ma false Oath, or shall forge any Certificate touching the Premises, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such king a false Person shall incur the Pains and Penalties inflicted upon Persons committing wilful Perjury and th or for£lns Forgery. a Cert, ficite i

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Nominee shall, at the Nominee being Time of such Demand, be resident in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Kingdom of resident in Scot

irelaniu and any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer there for the Time being shall certify, that sr jr^haenh'

upon Proof to him or them made (which Proof he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to Exchequer there take in a summary Way) it doth seem probable to him or them that the said Nominee is living (which to grantcertifi certificate is to be given on Examination made without Fee or Charge) the said Certificate being filed as cates; aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said half yearly Payment to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; in case any such Nominee shall, at the Time of if resident in so such Demand, be resident in any Parts beyond the Seas, the Proprietors of all such Orders, or their r1 — i>ft s' the Agents, shall produce Certificates of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominees, under the Hand, ai cross

the British Minister residing at the Place where any such Nominee shall be living upon the Day when such half yearly Payment shall become due; which Certificates shall be given without Fee or Reward; and in case no British Minister shall reside at the Place where any such Nominee shall live, then the said Proprietors of such Orders, or such Agents, shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominees, under the Hand and Seal of the chief Magistrate of any City, Town or Place, or the chief ma where any such Nominee shall be then living upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall be gistrates, to grant come due as aforesaid; every such Agent or Agents shall also annex to every such Certificate or Affi ^'crtlfic: ites' davit to be made by him or them, before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer, that he or they do hirteftioiony* believe that such Certificate is true; which Certificate being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient War the Certificate, rant for making the said half yearly Payment to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; if any Person or Persons shall receive one or more half yearly Payments upon p£rfan receiving his, her or their Annuity or Annuities, for any Time beyond the Death of his, her or their Nominee or Annuity bejoni Nominees, when the same ought to cease, such Person or Persons knowing such Nominee or Nominees Llfco<; the

to be dead, shall - treble the Value of the Moneys so by him, her or them received, and also the fajttrtile The Sum of five hundred Pounds; the Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, gum, and 5001. and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same, by aion of Debt, Bill, Suit or Information, in which no eftoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor, his or her Exe Death of nomi cutors, Administrators or Assigns, within one Month next after Notice of the Death of his, her or their p; to t'j respective Nominee or Nominees, shall certify such Death to the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exche t'0er^[he Ex" quer for the Time being, and shall also within three Months after such Notice, deliver or enufe to be chequer, ani delivered up to the said Auditor, his, her or their Order or Orders, by which he, she or they, was and order to be de were entitled during the Life of such Nominee to any Share of the said yearly Fund, in case such Order Jivered up, and Orders be in his, her or their Hands or Power; and in Default thereof, such Contributor, his or on Penalty of her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; to be recovered by Ac jl tion of Debt as arorcsaid, and to be had and received for the Use of any Person who shall sue for the same.

52 C ig,

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

A.D.

Annuities to be tex tree.

Divert !oa,

Trcpr cor ruing isecur.iy.

of such as become uefacsd, c.

Furry thereof to is made on the i.ew Oidets.

757*

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Annuities payable to such Contributors out of the said yearly Fund, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

LXVII. And whereas it may so happen that, in Process of Time, Several of the landing Orders may 1 be lost, burnt or destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or encumbered with many Assignments thereon, and it may be necessary that new Orders should be made forth in lieu thereof be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any the said Cases, any three or more of the Commis- -- ^oners ie Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of tracutd 5a*the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, (upon Certificate under the Hand of the Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of the Coif of his Majestyv Court of Exchequer, that he or they are satisfted, by Proof upon Oath before him or them made, that any such Order or Orders have been lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed) to cause new Orders to be made forth at the Exchequer, to be made by him or them, in Lieu of such Orders so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed; the respective Officers in the said Exchequer are hereby directed to pay the Interest which shall from time to time become due on such new Orders, as if the original Order or Orders had been produced; and all such Payments shall be allowed in their respective Accounts; provided that the Person or Persons entitled to receive the Interest: due upon any such Order or Orders do give Security to the King, to the good liking of the Person appointed to pay the fatne into the Exchequer for the Use of the Public, so much Money as shall be paid thereupon, if the Order or Orders so certified to be lost. New Orders may burnt or otherwise destroyed, be hereafter produced; anj the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the' bs iftaed m Lieu Pljgh Treasurer for the time being, shall also have Power to cause new Handing Orders to be made forth, for and in Lieu of such Orders as shall become defaced, obliterated or otherwise encumbered as aforesaid; said Order or Orders shall be, at the same Tiftie delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders to be made out in lieu thereof, shall be made payable, find delivered to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders so to be delivered up and cancelled, at the Time of such Delivery as aforesaid; the Auditor of the Receipt as aforesaid, shall always take Care that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders, as may denote their being made in Lieu of such defaced, obliterated, encumbered or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Public against any double Payments, for or by Reason of the making out or issuing of such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

LXVIII. And for preventing all Frauds and Abuses in or about the said Handing Orders, or any Assignments thereof, or the receiving the Annuities due or to grow due 'thereon / Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, Or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates to be given by such Cashier or Cashiers, or airy Order or Orders to be made forth in lieu thereof, in pursuance of this present Act, or any Assignment or Assignments of such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities payable thereon, or of any Receipt or Discharge to the Exchequer, for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such Order or Orders, or of any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer, assign, alien or convey any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any Part thereof; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully add or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any such Order or Orders, in or to any such pretended Assignment or Assignments, Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, Instrument of Authority; or shall fail dy and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Orders, and thereby assign, or endeavour to assign, any of the said Orders, or receive or endeavour to receive the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That, no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution Moneys up ct p>ing t or Hny of them, or for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any /inaj'nc; 1, Sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any.offender or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; and that all Receipts, and I flues, and all other.things d hefted without dt

in case the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall mifnpply or divert any of the Moneys to be paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep such Books, Regiflus, or make Entries, and do ami perform all other Things which by this add they are directed and required to do and perform; ejurry such Offender shall forfeit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of any

Penalty of forging or counterfeiting ceitin cates, cc. or of Itaudulently rote vine Annuity

Fra to 1 e

for receiver

issuing Rc

«. J.T5, it C

Penalty on Off: c r tt ng Sin, m'fa, pi; ng the pib.ka. Morey, uro'i rwi'e nr' £ li Duty.

by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officer there, demanding or receiving, diredfly or indirectly, any Fee, Reward or Gratuity for the same; and

fflfivcorpl«.ce ot Fiutl whatsoever, and shall answer and pay. treble Costs of Suit, to any Contributor, nr Person claiming under him, that will tuc for the same, to be recovered.by Action of Debt, Bij, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, bin liege, or Wager of Law, injnn&ion, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action, the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have full Costs of Suit, one third of which smn.shall be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer for the Benefit of

his

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

*9 53

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two Thirds shall be to and for the Use of the pro fecutor.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Officer of the Exchequer shall make Payment of any Share or Shares of the said yearly Fund of thirty-three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, by this Act directed to be set apart for the Purposes aforesaid, upon any such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, such Officer shall not incur any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability, though the said Certificate be forged or false, or the said Nominee be dead, unless the said Officer did know, at the Time of such Payment, that the said Nominee was dead, or that the said Certificate was forged or false.

LXXI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the Produce of the said several Rates and Duties and Sums of Money hereby granted for Payment of the said several Annuities, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges directed to be paid thereout, at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of Exchequer, of the Surpltifles, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former Actor acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from time to time, blued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Moneys of the several Rates and Duties and Sums of Money hereby granted, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for (laying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then and in every such Case the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the Sinking Fund, (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be ilfuedout of the Sinking Fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then.after granted in Parliament.

Officer unwittingly paying Money on false Certificates, not to incur any Penalty thereby.

Deficiencies of the Duties to be made good out of the Sinking Fund.

Occasional Want of Money ior Payment of Annuities to be supplied out of the Sinking Fund.

Moneys iitued' out of the Sinking Fund, to be' replaced.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be Surplus of the any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said several Rates and Duties, after the said fe Duties to be re* veral and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved served fordifpo for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the Disposition of ^ltlonoi Parliament, and shall not be ifilued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future ment'

Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at Persons fuedon any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance this Act may of this act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such person or Persons shall and may plead Plead the the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the General Issue Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non fiuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Treble Costs. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

LXXV and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the second Year s Geo. 2. C 25. of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act fc r Foe better Regulation of Attorneys and Sollicitors, made perpetual, which was to be in Force from the first Day of June one thousand Even hundred and twenty-nine for the Term of nine Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which by an 12o0. 2. C 13. Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was explained and amended, and further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was explained and amended, and further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; by which the Payment of several Stamp Duties on the Admission of Attorneys and Soilicitors is enforced and regulated, shall, from and after the Expiration thereof, be further continued and made perpetual.

LXXVI. And whereas diverse Persons through Miffake, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, toc the Prejudice of Infants and others, have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made and filed in the proper

Offices, of the actual Execution of several Contracts in Writing, to serve as Clerks to Attorneys and Sollicitors, within the Times limited by Law for that Purpose, and many Persons maybe in Danger

of incurring certain Disabilities by. such Omissions Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, rhyme allowed That all and every Person and Persons who have omitted to cause such Affidavit or Affidavits to be.made make and file and filed as aforesaid, and who hall, on or before theffirfl Day of Michaelmas Term one thousand seven Affidavits or hundred and fifty seven, cause one or more Affidavit or Affiavits to be made and filed in such Manner e«cun°i^of ln" as is directed by the Laws in Being, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and omitted^o"bs against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and.disabilities, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament done within ths mentioned, incurred or to be incurred for or by Reason of any Neglect or Omission, in causing such Affi Time limited by davit or Affidavits to be made out and filed in such Manner as is required by the Laws in Being; and I, aw* such Affidavit, or affida\its. so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all Intents and

If net 22 dr

54 C 20,

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Time allowed for I'ajment of Dulles omitted to have been duly paid on Apprentices Fees; and for tendering the Indentures to be stamped, &c.

See 32 Geo. 2. c. 19 (S 22.

Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective Times limited by the Laws in Being for that Purpose.

CLXXVII. And for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who, through Neglect or Inadvertency, hath or have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid,

contracted or agreed for, with or in Relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant who hatn been put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment, and to have such Indentures or other Writings which contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements, C relating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant stamped within the imes by the several Acts of Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited; or who have also in like Manner, omitted to insert and write in Words at length, in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, received, or in any wise direbbly or indirectly given, paid, or agreed or contracted for, with or in Relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid / it enacted, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of such Moneys so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the frit Day of September one thousanj seven hundred and fifty seven, to such Person or Persons to whom the lame ought to be paid, and tendering the said Indentures, or other Writings, to be stamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty leven, (of which timely Notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the same Indentures, or other Writings, shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; the Clerks, Apprentices or Servants therein named shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trade or Employment, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid, had been inserted; the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; anything in the said former acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the contagious Distemper now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom; His Majesty im C \ y for the preventing the Spreading thereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, powered to make and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this bitthe removing Prefciit Parliament afterobled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to or driving Horn and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his ed Cattle from or their Privy Council, from time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations, or to vary cnccoun*y or or repeal the same, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall judge most Expedient and effectual, in

Place to another; Great Britain, Ireland and all other his Majesty's Dominions thereunto belonging, or any Part or Parts

thereof, for prohibiting or preventing the driving or removing of any Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Calves, Steers, or Heifers, infected or not infected with the said Distemper, from or out of any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, Parish or Place to any Fair or Market, or to any other such County, Hundred, Parish or Place as shall for that Purpose be specified in such Rules, Orders or Regulations; and the Sale or and for prohibiting the Sale, Disposition or other Use of any such Cattle as shall be infected with utc of Cat'le in the said Distemper, or of any Hides or Skins, or other Parts of such infected Cattle; and also for the Buffeted, or of their rja] Of any such ]3eafts as shall die of such infectious Distemper, or be killed whilst the same is so infected, ^ndvor Burial of an every art thereof, within such Time and in such Manner as shall be specified in such Rules, or such as shall die ders, anti Regulations as aforesaid; also for the cutting and gashing of the Hide or Skin of every of the said in such infectud Beast, before the Burial thereof, in such Manner as to render the same entirely useless; any tieclion, claw, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; also for such further Purposes as

his Majesty in his great Wifdcm shall judge most expedient and effectual to put a stop to or prevent the

Spreading of the said Distemper.

79 Geo. 2. c. 5. '

II. And whereas his Majesty hath, in pursuance of two acts of Parliament of the nineteenth and

aoceo. s. C 4. ' twentieth Years of his Majesty's Reign, by his Order in Council bearing Date the twenty second Day

of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, made and established certain Rules, Orders and

C Regulations, for the better preventing the Spreading of the said infection, and putting a Stop to the

r: II mijrfly's ' Distemper, which Rules, Orders and Regulations have been found beneficial Be it therefore enacted Or cr m c' uncil by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Order in Council, and all the Rules, Orders and Regulations rt II March t therein contained and inserted (except such and so much of them, or any of them respectively, as his

ime or Times, during the Continuance of this present Act,

aaj tnvccdmcj Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at any Ti'shall with the Advice of his and their Privy

Obedience to i ih cl.cr or «.e«. at dull He luds, rnloricj a 1 ir Penalty of igj.

y Council judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter or vary) shall be in Force; and the same, and also such other Rules, Orders and Regulations, Variations and Additions as shall be made by virtue of and in pursuance and under the Power and Authority of this present Act, shall be observcci and obeyed by all his Majesty's Subjects, during the Continuance of this Act, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, infiicted and directed to be levied by this act, for every Offence committed

against the same.

1

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 20.

55

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities given by the Powers given by said Order of Council, or which shall be given by any subsequent Order of Council, by Virtue of the Authority aforesaid, to Justices of the Peace and other Magiffirates, and to Commissioners of the Land gvrates and of tax, Inspectors and other Officers appointed in that Behalf, shall be duly executed, and are hereby effa ficers, confirmed, blished and enacted, and declared to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, during the Continuance of the said Order or Orders, as if the same were herein repeated and exprefiy

enabled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred 5o1- Pen, aity and fifty seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall by Force or Threats intimidate, hinder or ^c^he^x prevent the said Justices, Magistrates, Commissioners, Inspectors or other Officers from executing the ecu eionof or said Rules, Orders and Regulations, or from performing their respective Duties in Relation thereto; or ders,

who shall enter into any Combination, Confederacy or Subscription to disobey the said Order or Orders or entering into in Council, or to defeat, hinder or prevent the Execution thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty a Combination Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at orede"

Westminster, by any Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, to go and be paid to and eat lame' for the foleufe and Benefit of such Person or Persons respectively, with full Coffs of Suit.

V. And, to the End that all Persons may know how to demean themselves in the Premises Be it fur This and there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and his Majesty's Order in Council, dated the o'rderfn Council twenty second Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, on such Sunday in every Ca of 22 March lendar Month as the Minister shall think proper, shall be publicly read immediately after Prayers, in 1747, to be read all Parish Churches, Chapels and other Places let apart for Divine Worship; that when and as often publicly in as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successiors, shall make any Rules, Orders and Regulations, or shall vary or ah "rchan0dnf, " ji" repeal the same, by Virtue or in Pursuance of this Act, every such Rule, Order, Regulation, Variation, ew ordersu&c. and Repeal, shall be notified and published in such Manner as his Majesty shall think proper, and shall as shall hereafter be publicly read upon the next Sunday after the Receipt of the same, and on such Sunday in every Calen be made, to be dar Month as the Minister shall think proper, during the Time such Rules, Orders, Regulations and read in like Variations shall continue in Force in such Manner as aforesaid, within such Counties, Ridings, Divi r>ianner< fions, Hundreds, Parishes and Places as shall be specified in such Rules, Orders, Regulations, Variations printed Cony of and Repeals for that Purpose; and every such Order, Rule, Regulation, Variation and Repeal, together ali such Orders, with this Ai£i, shall be kept by the Minister of every such Parish Church, Chapel or Place, who shall together with permit any Person residing within his Parish, Chapelry or Place to read the same, during the Time such 'h|s A, to be Rule, Order or Regulation shall continue in Force; and the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of every n^v/the" Parish or Place shall provide a printed Copy of this at, for the Purpose aforesaid, at the Expense of the use of the Pa parish or Chapelry. rifhioners;

and to be provided at the Parish Expense,

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by one or more Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this at, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to prohibit and forbid all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever, to import or bring, or cause to procure to be imported or brought, directly or indirectly, or export, carry or send, or cause or procure to be exported, carried or lent, directly or directly, into or from or out of Great Britain, Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof, any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, or any raw Hides or Skins, or any other Part of such Bead, for such Time or Times, under such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successiors, by the Advice aforesaid, shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent or flop the Spreading of the said Distemper.

VII. And, to prevent the Distemper amongst the horned Cattle being spread and increased by Tanners and others buying the Hides and Skins of infected Beads, 'It is hereby further enacted, That when the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof within their respective Counties, Ridings and Divisions, shall prohibit the holding of any Fair or Fairs, Market or Markets, for buying and selling of such horned Cattle, every Tanner, Tawer or Drefier of Hides and Skins shall, before he brings any raw Hide or Skin of any Bull, Ox, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, into his tan yard, Workhouse, Warehouse or Place used for dressing or manufacturing of Hides or Skins, give Notice to the Officer of Excise of the didricl in which such tan yard or dressing place is situated, and whose Survey the said Tanner, 7'awer or Dresser of Hides shall be under, and subject to, for the Time being, and produce to the said Officer a Certificate under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Commissioner or Commissioners of the Land Tax, rector oj: Vicar, qualified as herein after mentioned, specifying the Colour of such Hide or Skin, the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner of such Hide or Skin, and that, upon Examination on Oath of one or more credible Person or Persons, it appeared to the Person or Persons signing and sealing such Certificate, that the Beast, from which such Hide or Skin was taken, was found and free from Infection; which Certificate shall, by the said Officer, be entered into a Book to be kept for that Purpose: And if any fanner, Tawer or Drcffier of Hides or Skins, shall bring, or fuficr to be brought, into his tan yard or tan pits, or other Place used for dressing or manufacturing Hides or Skins, any such raw Hide or Skin, or shall tan or dress, or manufacture any such raw Hide or Skin, without giving such Notice,

and producing such Certificate as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for gve.y such Offence,

forfeit

His Majesty im« powered to pro hrbit bytrocla mation, occah onally, the Importation or Exportation of horned Cattle, raw Hides, or other Part of such Beads.

Where Justices prohibit the holding Fairs or Markets for Sale of herned Cattle, no Tanner is to bring any raw Hide into his tan yard, before he gives Notice to the Officer of Excise of the Didridl, and produces a Certificate concerning the Health of the Bead,

which the Officer is to enter in a Book. Tanner guilty of a Breach ot Orders, forfeits iol.

56 C 20.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

A.D.

[n f

/ C /

His Majsflv, by Advice of his Privy Cooncil, may prohibit, occasiona'.iy, the killing of cow Calves.

feit the Sum of ten Pounds; to be recovered, levied and applied, as the several Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered, levied and applied,

ofscer to have ari

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every or any of the Officers of Excise acting and Liberty to enter employed in any if)illridt wherein "any tan yard, Workhouse or Warehouse, or Place for dreffiing or and ie.i'ch for manufacturing of Hides or Skins is Innate and being, shall and may at all rhymes by Day or by Night he dande^kie!to anc 'fin t^lc' Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or aether Officer of the Peace) be permitted, hiojghtir.! '^upon his or their Request, to enter into any such tan yard, Workhouse, Warehouse or Place, in order to search for Hides and Skins suspectc d to be brought and conveyed into the same respectively, contrary to and against the Tenor and true Meaning or this act, and then and there to search and examine, or cause to be searched or examined, any tan pit, Fat or other Place, where any such Hide or Skin is fuf rnfon cbflrufl peekd to be laid, hid, put or concealed; and if any Tanner, Tawcr or other Person or Persons whatso ing him forfeits ever, final! obstrwct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or tv. ir Duty, Power 10or Authority, given to, veiled in, and required of, him and them respectively bythi; Act; every Person so oilending. and being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay Lhe Sum often Pounds, to be recovered, applied and difpefed of, in Manner herein after mentioned.

IX. And whereas it is iwccssary to encourage and promote the Breeding of Cattle, the Number being greatly decreased by the said Mortality; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Advice of his Privy Council, to prohibit and forbid the Killing or Slaughtering of Cow calves in such Counties and Places, and in such Manner, and at Inch Times, as his Majesty, during the Continuance of this Act, shall judge proper; and all and every person offending against such Older and Prohibition, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be re cfcnjer against cotered, levied and applied, as other Forfeitures 'ey this Act are to be recovered, levied and applied.

such Prohibit ion,

X. And, to prevent any Doubts which may arise in the Construction of this Act, ' Be it further enacted

<ieen.c' difona M the Authority aforesaid, That the Removal, Driving or Sale of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Qdf, Steer and Pparate of or Heifer, contrary to any such Rule, Order or Regulation, shall be deemed a distinct and separate of fence. fence, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Observation of

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rules, Orders, Re orders made un gulations and Variations, to be made by virtue, and in pursuance, of this act, are hereby required to be der Authority of punctually observed and obeyed by all his Majesty's Subjeiffs; and all and every Person and Persons who

and shall be thereof convicted in the Oath or Oaths of one or more

on Onviction 0fticu, uic u unois or w iicucs uciun; any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, divi the Offender be (ion, City, Liberty or Towa Corporate, where such Offence or Offences shall be committed (which fore a Justice; Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the same, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath concerning the same) shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence Avail be committed; to be levied by the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, High Constables of the Hundred, Rape or Wapentake, or one or more of them, by Warrant or war nd to vtlcvied rants under the Hand and Seal, or under the Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who

by d.ffrefs and fh Sale; the

where nodi

refs, the Often j n g, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, thereto remain for the Space of three Months, to irfiued°for 'Cm reckoned from the Day of such Commitment; and all and every Person and Persons who shall offend jviouhs.? against any such Rule, Order or Regulation, in any other of his Majesty's said Dominions, hall be Offenders out of d 'emed, adjudged, and taken to be guilty of a great Misdemeanour, and be prosecuted and punched by o.cat Britain or Fine and Imprisonment, according to the Laws and Usage of the same Dominions respectively.

irelar.d, to be

pun flied accord.ng to the Laws and Usage of the Country.

cr.e Moiety to go to the Informer, the aether to the Poor,

app al maj be made from any Justice to the nexrtiuarter s itson*, upon giving Notice and Security.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be convicted before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, of any of the Off ences against this act, to appeal from such Conviction to the Justices of the Peace at their next General or Quarter sessions to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, in which such Offences shall be committed, he, she or they, giving immediate Notice to such Justice or Justices of such intended Appeal, and likewise giving Security to the Satisfaction of such ju llice or Justices, to pay all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures, to which he, she or they, shall be liable by such Conviction; and the Costs, Charges and Expences, of trying such Appeal, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed; and the said Justices in their next General or Quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear, try and finally determine the same, upon the Merits of the Cause, and Examination of Witness on Oath, and to order Costs to be paid as shall be just, if they shall think it rca /onalfle so to do.

2

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

20.

57

The Justices msj adjourn the Hearing the Appeal to the next quarter seftio.'.sv and if not then determined, the former Judgement to (land good; Conviction not removable by Certiorari.

Justices may summon and examine w t* nesses on Oath, touching any ot thelc Offences,

and commit sich as refute to give ev.dence; and in case of an Appeal compel them to enter into a Recognisance to' appear, &c.

Form of Conviction to be observed by

Justices;

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That if it shall appear to the said Justices, that there w2s not fufrcient Time between such Conviction and such Quarter sessions, to give Notice to all Parties to attend such Appeal, that then it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to adjourn the Hearing thereof to their next subsequent General or Quarter sessions, at which they are hereby required to hear, try and finally determine the same; and in case there shall be no Determination on the said Appeal at such next or subsequent General or Quarter sessions, the Judgement and Conviction of the Justice or Justices shall stand and be in full Force; and no Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed to remove the Conviction or Order of Sessions, or any other Proceedings thereupon, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or of his Majesty's Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Counties Palatine.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, if he or they shall be informed, that any Person or Persons can give any Evidence relating to any of the Offences aforesaid, to summon such Person or Persons to appear before him or them, and to examine such Person or Persons on Oath in relation thereunto; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to appear pursuant to such Summons, then such Justice or juf ticcs shall iftiie out his or their Warrant or Warrants, for apprehending and bringing such Person or Persons before him or them; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, to commit such Persons to the common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty or Town Corporate, there to remain until he, she or they shall submit to be examined as aforesaid; in case of any Appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions, to compel such Person or Persons to enter into a Recognisance, with Condition to appear at the said General or Quarter Sessions, and to give Evidence upon the Trial of such Appeal.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more easy and speedy convicting of any Person or Persons who shall offend against this Act, it shall be sufficient for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall convict any Person or Persons of any or either of the said Offences, to draw such Conviction in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the same effect (that is to say

Middlesex. C j is convicted on his, " her or their own Confession or on the Oath of) of having W — Y -£*- this Kingdom (speeifying the Offence, and the Time and Place, when and where the same was committed)

Given under my (or our) Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) this Day of

Which said Conviction in the same or like Form of Words, shall be good and effectual in the Law, to the same declared all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or inefficient for want of to be valid; any other Form of Words whatsoever; and in case of Appeal as aforesaid, the Justice or Justices who and in case of shall convict such Offender or Offenders, is and are hereby required to delivered, or cause to be deli b'^ehv rc/to vered, the Conviction in the Form aforesaid, to the next General or Quarter Sessions to which the Ap the l7t7en'°ns peal is made, there to be filed on Record. to be filed.

XVI. Be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits of their Justices to order Commissions, at their General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them then and there assembled, ^j13 ies 3,: d within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are C, soh in hereby required to order such reasonable Salaries and Charges as they shall think proper, to be paid to [pcftors of c»t any Inspector or Inspectors, or other Person or Persons already employed or appointed by the Justices of tic, &c. out of the Peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed by the Justices of the Peace, or the Commissioners the County of the Land Tax, to prevent the spreading of the Distemper amongst the Cattle, out of the Moneys rates arisen or hereafter to arise, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's ia Geo. s. c. 29. Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy affffing, collecting and levying County Rates.

XVII. And be it further enacted, '1 hat the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being in Commissnners of

and for every County, Riding or Division, and who have or shall qualify themselves to act as such re lhr lj3nd Ta: spectively, are hereby empowered and required to put in Execution all and every the Powers and Autho t [nhc rities given to Commissioners of the Land Tax by this Act, or by any Order or Orders in Council pur i>0w7v7ven suant to the same (except the Commissioners of the Land "Fax within the County of Middlesex, and all by th s Act, cr Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves) in as full and ample Manner as the Justices of the any Order Peace may do within the same. ot council,

XVIII. And whereas a Doubt hath arisen whether Commissioners authorised to put in Execution the several succeeding Land Tax Acts, since the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, were pro perly empowered to carry into Execution the Rules, Orders and Regulations made by his Majesty in commifti.intm. C Council, and the Powers and Authorities given by the several Acts of parliament, continuing the same 111 lu, e ' in force from time to time; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted, That the Commissioners named in '

the several succeeding Land Tax Acts, since the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, to carry, authorised the said respective Land Tax Acts into Execution (having duly qualified themselves to act therein, ac tocariv intoece cording to the Directions in the said Acts) are and were authorised to carry into Execution the Powers cution r i>f and Authorities given by such Rules, Orders and Regulations, to Commissioners of the Land "Fax, as ^'h'efid O also the Powers and Authorities given by the several Acts of Parliament continuing the same in Force* e, a!

from time to time.

Qers, and Act:continuing tfcetn.

C 20.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

o horned Catlie is to be told until the same shall have been the heller II o D,

n Forfeiture of 10 1.

Recovery Ap lic.'.t of ct the Forte tore.

Th' Seller giving a sale cer ifi caie, and the Person accepting it forfeit 10 1.

If a Drover finds

XIX. And to prevent the spreading of the said infectious Didcmpcr, by Persons who frequently buy up Cattle in infected Places, and soon after dispose of the same in Places free from the Infection, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Orders and Regulations made, or which shall hereafter be made by his Majesty in council be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifey seven, no Person whatsoever, by himself, his Servant or Agent, dull sell or dispose of any living Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, 's Property until the same shall have been the Property of such Person for the Term of forty Days at lead; and in Proof of such Property, the Seller shall produce a Certificate under the Hand of the Person of whom such Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, was lad bought or purclvafed, signifying the Time when lie purchaied the same; and every Person who hall sell or dispose of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, without producing such Certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, where the Offence shall be committed, shall for every Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, so sold or disposed of, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; unless such Person shall by himself, his Agent or Servant, make Oath before the said Justice or Justices (which Oath the said Justice or judices is and are hereby empowered to administer) that the said Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, has been his Property for more than forty Days; the said Forfeiture to be adjudged, levied and recovered, in such Manner as is herein after directed to be levied and recovered one Moiety of the said Forfeiture to be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall, from and afier the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, sell or dispose of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, and shall give a false or untrue Certificate of the Time of the Sale of such Cattle, and every Person who shall accept of such false or untrue Certificate, knowing the same to be such, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be adjudged, levied, recovered and disposed of in the Manner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Drover, or Person or Persons driving

nnycattleficken and conducting horned Cattle from one Place to another, shall find any Bead or Beads in his Drift r 15 ^ic^cn upon the Road so as to be unable to proceed forward in their Journey, such Drover, or Person or

ei3fc Notice to a Persons driving such horned Cattle, hall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Condable, Headborough Panto Officer, or Churchwarden of the Parish or Place wherein such Bead or Beads shall sicken, in order that the same may be slain and buried, the Skin being first flaflied, if deemed to be ill of the diaemper now raging amongst the horned Cattle, in the Opinion of the Officer of such Parish or Place so summoned, and of two other substantial Inhabitants of the said Parish or Place, whom the said Officer is hereby empowered, by a upon Penalty of Note in Writing under his Hand, to summon to his Abidance; and in case any Drover or Person or Per 10 1. soils drhing horned Cattle, shall fail herein, or shall conceal or drive out of the Way, without giving such

Notice, any such Pick Bead or Beads, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay ten Pounds to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place wherein such Bead or Beads shall be found sick or dead; to be levied on his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peas of the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or Town Corporate, wherein such Drover or Person or Persons driving such horned Cattle flnnll be taken; and in case of nonpayment, such Drover or Person or Persons shall be committed to the common Gaol of such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or Town Corporate, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Calendar Months, or until he or they shall have paid the said Penalty.

XXII. And for preventing Persons selling any horned Cattle before they have been in their Possession forty Days It is hereby enacted, That no Person or Persons shall sell or dispose of any Live Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, unless he, he or they shall, betides his, her or their Compliance with the Directions of the said Act, first obtain a Certificate under the FI tnd and Seal of some ]udice of the Pence, or Commissioner of the Land Tax, specifying the Colours and Number of Beads so intended to be sold, and the Parish, Township or Place from whence the same are brought, or intended to be carried, in order for Sale; and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Owner or Owners r t thereof; and that it appears to such Justice or Commissioner, upon Examination on the Oath of one or ixi'.vr'v pfrpmy n'orc credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Beads contained in such Certificate have been the Property ijjyj beiorc; and in the Possession of such Person or Persons, for at lead forty Days before the Date of the said certi an aiu fled Copy ficate; and every Person selling any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, by virtue of such certifi hi be raven to cate, hall produce the same and give a true Copy thereof, atteded by two or more credible Witnesses,

\mi.ii ycof ut to l'ic Pcfon or Persons buying such Beasts; and every Person selling any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer' 1 'or Heifer, without obtaining such Certificate, and every Person buying the same without receiving a true

Copy thereof, atteded as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pound's for every Ox, Bull,

Cow, Calf, Steer and Heifer, bought or sold contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, to be levied,

adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of, as is herein after directed to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of.

j.ffict may ffinv xxiii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if one or more Justice or Justices cor. l'cri.n Of the Pence, during tile Continuance of this Act, shall luipcd.l any Person of buying, selling or driving V a fany Pull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, or of taking off the Hide from any i life died Ox, Bull,

th" lrc£ij.v j'Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, which hall die of the said Didcmpei, contrary to the true Intent and

Lera; "Meaning of this Act, and the Rules, Orders and Regulations made by his Majesty ir.i Council in pursuance

thereof, or of not burying any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, contrary to this Act and

Orders

or six Months imprisonmcr.t.

No Caitiff rr.sy

be sold VI: tifffs

a Certificate be r Vaned of the Sumter, Colour, Place of sa'e, aril Owner'3 Name, and Proof made of 1 r being; ihe

C 20.

Orders, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to summon such Person to appear before him or them, at a reasonable Time to be prefixed in such Summons; and the Proof of complying with the Directions of this Act and Orders, shall lie on the Party so summoned; if such Person shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Justice or Justices (Proof being made upon Oath of his or her being duly summoned) or shall not make it out to the Satisfaction of him or them, that he or lie has fully conformed himself or herself to this act, Rules and Orders, such Person shall be deemed and taken to be duly convicted of the Offence or Offences for which he shall be so summoned, and incur the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, to be levied, recovered and adjudged, in Manner as is herein after mentioned; one Moiety of the said Forfeiture to be paid to the Overseer of the Poor, and be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Person dwells; and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Division, to be made Part of the County Stock; or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to such Person and for such Purposes, as the Justices in their General Quarter sessions shall direct and appoint.

XXIV. And for the more effectual preventing the spreading of the said infectious Distemper by Persons commonly called Jobbers, who occupying little or no Grazing Land, buy up Cattle in infected Places, and soon after dispose of the same; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said. first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Person whatsoever (Butchers and others excepted, buying Fat Cattle for immediate Slaughter) shall purchase any living Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, without having first obtained a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace, or Commissioner of the Land Tax, a Cling for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Person resides, specifying his or her Name, and Place of Abode, and the Number of Bealls he or she intends to purchase, and whether such Beasts are intended to be purchased by him or herself, or by an Agent or Servant, and if by an Agent or Servant, then the Name and Place of Abode of such Agent or Servant, and that it appears to such Justice or commissioner upon Examination on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person really occupies Land sufficient to graze and keep the Number of Beasts contained in such Certificate, over and above the Stock such Person is at present possessed of, for the Space of three Months; and that it may appear no more Beasts were bought than were contained in such Certificate, every such Person shall, upon bringing any Cattle into any Parish or Place, bought in pursuance of such Certificate, produce and shew the said Certificate to an Inspector, Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, if any there be, of such Parish or Place, and shall at the same Time acquaint such Inspector, Churchwarden or Overseer, with the Place where, and the Name of the Person of whom such Beasts were purchased; the said Inspector, Churchwarden or Overseer, is hereby required to mark on the Back of the said Certificate, the Number of Beasts so brought into any Parish or Place, and the Place where, and the Name of the Person of whom such Beasts were purchased, and the Day when such Certificate was so produced; and if any Person or Persons (Butchers or others buying Fat Cattle for immediate Slaughter excepted as aforesaid) shall, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, buy any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer, or Heifer, without previously obtaining such Certificate, or shall buy more than the Number contained in the same, or shall not produce the said Certificate to an Inspector, Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor; every such Person shall, for every Beast bought contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; the said Penalty to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of as is herein after directed,

XXV. Provided always, That no Cattle shall be deemed to be bought by virtue of such Certificate, unless the same are purchased within one Month from the Date thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Cattle shall be stopped for want of a proper Certificate, the Constable or other proper Officer of the Township or Parish where the said Cattle shall be so stopped, shall cause such Cattle, with all convenient Expedition, to be driven back to the next Constablewick from whence they last came, and shall give Notice thereof to the Constable or other proper Officer of such next Constablewick, who shall, and he is hereby required to receive the said Cattle, and to cause the same to be driven through his Constablewick, to the next Constablewick from whence such Cattle were driven, the Constable or other Parish Officer whereof shall receive the same as aforesaid, and so from Constablewick to Constablewick, until such Cattle shall arrive at the first Township or Place in the said County, Riding, Division or Liberty, through which they were fuftered to pass, without a proper Certificate; and they shall be treated in such and the like Planner as Cattle which have been within one Mile of an infetfted Place are by this Act, or by any of his ma jessy's Orders of Council deemed to be treated.

XXVII. And whereas there are no such Officers as Overseers of the Poor and Churchwardens, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;Therefore in order to carry this al in that Part of the United Kingdom into Execution, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Matters and Things appointed to be done and executed by the Overseers of the Poor and Churchwardens, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, in Scotland, b&'done and executed by the Constables, or other Officers, to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace for that Purpose, at their respective Quarter sessions or Adjournment thereof.

59

and the Party is to purge himself.

One Moiety of the Penalty to go to the Poor, and the other to the County Stock; in Scotland, to be applied as the Justices direct.

No Person may buycattle, without a Certificate of his Name and Abode, and Number of 1 Beasts he intends to buy;

and that he has Land sufficient to graze the same for three Months, over and above his present Stock. On bringing home the Cattle, the Certificate 11 to be produced to the Inspecftor, cof the Parish.

Buyer not ern forming hereto, forfeits 5j.

Certificate not good, unless the Cattle be purchased within a Month after the Date.

Where Cattle are stopped for want of a Certificate, ' they are to be driven back to the Place from whence they set out; and are to be treated as Cattle which have been within a Mile of an infested Place,

In Scotland Constables are to execute the Powers, c. vested in the Churchwardens;

I -2

6o C 20. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

ind the com rriftione s of the Lind Tax are to assess their Counties to defray the Expence of such Service.

Method of Recovery of pece' suiy Fcnaities*

h iiintift recovering in:; - led to ub.e Co.

XXVIII. And in order to make Provision in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, for any Expense that may attend the Execution of this Service Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Land Tax, 'and they are hereby impowered to assess their respective Counties, in a Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds for each County, to be levied and collected in the same Proportions, and according to the same Rules, with the Land Tax; and which Sum the rc spective collectors of the Land 'Lax for each County are hereby required to collcdl and issue by order of the respective Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the Quarter sessions or Adjournment thereof.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That wheresoever any Person hall, for any Offence to be hereafter committed against any Law now in Being relating to the preventing the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, be liable or subject to pay any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money upon Conviction, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any other Person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said Penalty, by Information and conviction, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in such Manner as is e iredted by this ACT, or to sue for the same by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin? protection or Wager of Law, or more than one_imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff", if he recovers, shall likewise have his double Costs.

lim tjti.jr, of A chons.

coramifv.oners o: the Land Tax, and R fetors, and Vicars, rated for 100l. per Ann.

XXX. Provided, That all Suits and actions to be brought by virtue of this ACT, shall be brought before the End of the next Term after the Offence committed; and that no Offender against any of the Laws now in Being for the preventing the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Battle, shall be prosecuted twice for the same Offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Commissioners of the Land Tax, and Rectors or Vicars who are rated to the Land Tax for one hundred Pounds per Annum, shall, in their respective Parishes, and they are hereby empowered to grant Certificates of Health for Cattle, in as full and ample Manner, as any Justice or Justices of the Peace are empowered in any Manner whatsoever to do, for which said Certificates no See or Reward whatsoever shall be taken.

are to grant

certificates of Health for Cattle.

Persons granting

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Certificates, are June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, all Persons. whatsoever taking upon them to grant thehof5ccre" Certificates in pursuance of this ACT, or his Majesty's Orders relating thereto, shall set forth in every such Certificate by virtue of what Office he grants such Certificate, whether as Justice of the Peace for any on Penalty of County, City or Borough, Commissioner of the Land Tax, or otherwise; in Case any Person shall neglect so to do, such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britaint for every such neglect, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jfejhnbijler, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Lfloin, Privilege, protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Pi ^sessions to

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid the Justices of the Peace in° ns ° within their respective Divisions, at their Petty Sessions, or the major Part of them then and there af i>aers. sembled, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall have full Power and Authority to appoint

any Person or Persons to be inspector or inspectors of any Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Fields and Cattle within their said Divisions, to be Assistant to the constables, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, in such Manner as the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter sessions are by his Majesty's said Order in Council, dated the second of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, empowered to do.

Certificates e XXXIV. Provided, That no Seller or Boyer of any such Cattle shall be obliged to take out either of vrew the Buyer Certificates, where both the Seller and Buyer live in the same Parish, or in the next adjacent pa.r

a d Seller live rish or Place, or within five Miles Distance of each other.

svi hm five Miles

ALIEN other j provided the other Regulations are complied with.

1

XXXV. Provided, That the Seller of such Cattle has been in the Possession of the Cattle so to be sold forty Days at the leaf! before such Sale, and so as the Buyer keeps the said Cattle three Months at the least, from the Time he purchases the same, and so as the Distemper That now Rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, be not within the Space of ten. Miles of the seller's Abode, and that the Seller nd Buyer live in the same County; anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas the Magistrates of some Corporations situated within Counties at large, have in some Places presumed to hold Fairs and Markets for the Sale of horned Cattle, when the Justices of the Peace for the County at large have prohibited Fairs and Markets to be held in the said County, TV Prohibition which in a great Measure frustrates the said Prohibition, and Occasions many Disputes Be it there «i th. juilo i fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June in the Year ithr^ uphold °* our cord one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, where the Justices of the Peace for any County.

'or' at large have already, or shall hereafter think proper to prohibit Fairs and Markets to be held for the

H 1 sir CI homed cvt{^ h to sticjvi to all Cooperations wjchij), cr contiguous to, such County j

C^T

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

2 1.

61

Sale of horned Cattle within such County, such prohibition shall be deemed and taken to extend to all Corporations within such County, or surrounded by or lying contiguous to such County, any Charter,

Privilege or Exemption to the contrary notwithstanding; in case any such Magistrate shall proclaim and Magnates or give Notice, or cause to be proclaimed or Notice to be given, of any Fair or Market for horned Beasts, offending against or shall wilfully and knowingly permit any horned Beasts to be brought into or sold at any Fair or mar ket within his Jurisdiction, during such Prohibition as aforesaid, such Magistrate shall forfeit and pay the 01 c1 100 '

Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven Nolkaft or Hide hundred and fifty seven, no Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate of any Corporation, or Commissi ^0v^ct "hjf oner of the Land Tax for such Corporation, or Reblor or Vicar within any Corporation, shall certify b'cn thete for any horned Beast but such as have been kept within his Jurisdiction for the Time required by Law, gal Time, c. nor for the Hide of any Beast but such as have been slaughtered within his Jurisdiction; thing in any within the juris former Abl to the contrary notwithstanding: in case any such Magistrate sit all take upon him to "'a'on oftb! grant Certificates, otherwise than as aforesaid, such Magistrate shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty crfoncertl y|ns* Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Certificate so granted, to any Person or Persons that Magistrate giant shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his na ceftl(lcate majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protec feu aol."' r tion. Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. Be it further enacted by this Act, That it shall and may be lawful for any four or Upon informa more of the Justices of the Peace, of any County within this Realm, at their General Quarter sessions, tion that the' or any Adjournment thereof, upon Information given to them that the said Distemper is in any neigh Distemper is in bouring County, to prohibit for a certain Time, or until the Distemper shall cease in such County, comh^he'lu any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Sceer or Heifer, from being driven or removed, or any Hides, Skins, or Flesh may prohi carried from such County, or from any Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward, or other Division bit the Removal of such County foinfebted, into the County so making such Order; and in case any Person shall abl con ofcattieor Hides trary to such Order, such Person shall incur the Penalties and Forfeitures enabled against Persons driving from thence. Cattle without Certificates.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ablion or Suit shall he Persons sued commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant on this ah or Defendants in such Ablion or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special

Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon j and that the same was done in pursuance and by encra ue

Authority of this Act, or of some Rule, Order or Regulation made or to be made in pursuance of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the

Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Treble Costs,

the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Continuance of Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from the Act thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXL

An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Spawn and Fry of of Fish in the River of Thames. and Waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late9 Anna;, C zg.

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fiflocry within the River oj Thames; and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River;

It was enabled. That from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, it should and might be lawful to and for the Court of Assistants of the said Company, for the Time be -- ing, or the major Part of them present, to make, such bylaws and Ordinances for the good Rule and Government of the said Company, as they should think fit, so as the same should be always first approved of, or from time to time al tered and.amended by the Court of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and likewise allowed and confirmed according to the Form of the Statute in that Behalf made and provided j and that from and after the said tenth Day of June there should be yearly elcbled and chosen by the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen to be held after the tenth Day of June out of the six Wardens of the said Company for the Time being, to be. nominated by the said Court of Assistants, one fit Person to be a Master of the Art: or my fiery of Fishermen; and also out of twelve Assistants. to be nominated as aforesaid, six fit Persons to be Wardens of the said Art or Mystery (whereof the Water Bailiff of the City of London for the Time being to be one) and in like Manner, out of sixty of the Commonalty, to be nominated as aforesaid, thirty fit Persons to be Aftittants of the said Company; which said Malter, Wardens ?, nd Assistants, or any sixteen of them, together, with three of the said Wardens, should be, and were thereby constituted the Court of Assistants of the said Company

C 2 r.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 175

ance of the said Act of Parliament, certain bylaws and Ordinances were made for regulating the said Fishery, and reforming Abuses committed therein, but the said Company having ceased to act from about

the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and most of the Members thereof being dead, the Regulations in the said Fishery intended by the said Act have not taken Place, and the several Laws now in Force for the Preservation of the said Fishery, have hitherto proved ineffectual, and by the unwarrantable Practises used by Fishermen and others, the Brood and Fry of Fish in the said River and Waters of Ale away have been greatly hurt and destroyed: For Remedy whereof, and for the better pre serving the Spawn, Fry and young Brood of Fish in the said River of Thames, and also in the Waters Medway, so far as the same are within the Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of London, as Confcr vator of the River ot Thames, and Wate: s of Medway, and for preventing the Fishing therein with un lawful and unfizeable Nets, Engines or other Devices; and for the ascertaining the Times, Seasons, and Manner of fishing in the said River and Waters, and the Size and Kind of Nets and Engines to be used in Fishing in the said River and Waters; and for regulating the said Fishery, and reforming The Court of Abides therein; and for the more speedy and effectual apprehending and punishing the Offenders Be deren otlw!" enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spi c in 'impowered r'tua^ t emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the to n'ake Rules same, That the Court of the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London for the Time being, shall for regulating the have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required on or before the twenty-ninth Day of Sep

Judges.

said Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, as Conservator as aforesaid) as Common Fishermen or Drudgermen, or otherwise; for Declaration in what Manner they hall demean themselves in Fishing, and with what Manner of Nets and Engines, and at what Times and Seasons they shall use Fishing in the said River and Waters of Medway, within the jurisdiction aforesaid, and for ascertaining the Assize of the several Fish to be there taken; and for the Preservation from time to time of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the said River and Waters, within the jurisdiction.aforesaid; and for obliging every Common Fisherman or Drudgerman, or other such Perfoipwho shall nh with a Boar, Vessel or Craft, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand lever, hundred' and fifty seven, in the said River of

Thames, and in the said Waters of Medway within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, to have in his Boat, Vessel or Craft, both his Christian and surname. and also the Name of the Parish or Place in which he dwelleth, painted in legible and large Characters, in same convenient Place where air, one may see and read the same; and for preventing such Name or Mark of Distinciion from being changed, altered or defaced; and to annex reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Rules, Orders or Ordinances, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for any one Offence; and such Rules, Orders and Ordinances, or any of them, from time to time, to alter and amend, and such noc and other Rules, Orders and Ordinances, touching the Matters aforesaid, with such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures (not exceeding five Pounds for any one Offence) from time to time to make, as to the said Court in their Discretion the Rules >0 be shall seem meet, for the better putting this tin Execution; so as after the making thereof the same be tv.p«>°ofd(hf by am°wed and approved of, from time to time, by the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time being, the Lord Chief justice of the Court of King's Bench, the lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any two of them, who are hereby required, on Request from Time to Time to them, or any two or more of them, made by or on the Behalf of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine all such Rules, Orders or Ordinances, as shall, from time to time, be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act, and laid before the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the'l ime being, the said Lord Chief Justice of the Court ot King's Bench, the said Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the said Lord Chief Baron, or any two of them, for their Allowance and Approbation; and they, or any two of them, are to allow thereof, or alter the same, before they allow thereof, ns they or any two of them, shall from time to time think fit; and for the doing thereof, no See or Reward shall be paid or taken.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, within the said Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, wilfully take, destroy, spoil, kill, or expose to Sale, or exchange for any Goods, Matter or Thing whatsoever, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, or Spatt of Oysters, or any un ftzeable or unwholesome Fish, or Fish out of Season, or bring such Fish on Shore for Sale, or use or keep any Net, Engine or other Device whatsoever, which shall be prohibited or declared unlawful in and by such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, allowed and approved of as aforesaid; Pain of forfeiting and paying, for every Offence, such Sum and Sums of Money as in and by such Rules, Orders or Ordinances, shall be respectively appointed, and to be recovered in such Manner as is herein after mentioned. tw Rule, to he

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Rules, Orders and' r n.ed and Fub Oitliiiances, so to be from time to time made by the said Court of the Mayor and Aldermen, shall, within

thirty

The Penalties annexed to the Cud Rules, confirmed.

cjij

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 21.

63

thirty Days after the same shall be allowed and approved of as aforesaid, be print, d and made public in 1'iich Manner as the said Court shall think proper, and from Time to Time order,

IV. And to the Intent the said Court of the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City may be the better informed what Rules, Orders and Ordinances may be proper to be made from Time to Time for the better Regulation and Preservation of the said fishery be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court shall at same Time or Times between the twenty-fifth Day of June and twenty Court to summon ninth Day of September next, and so yearly for ever thereafter, (if Occasion shall lo require) between the of thefjftlvn^en twenty-fifth Day of June and twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, order to be summoned be an<vexamlnrerne^, fore them such and so many Persons who shall fish in the said River of Thames, or Waters of Medway, them touching within the Jurisdifficm aforesaid, as common Fishermen or Drudgermen (not exceeding twelve in Num theftfhery of the her) as to the said Court shall seem meet to be examined upon Oath (if the said Court shall so think fit) Thames and touching the Fish and fipnery of the said River and Waters; and if any such common Fisherman or mcdvvayj' Drudgerman being personally summoned by Writing to attend the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen fishern cn refu for the Purposes aforesaid, by the Space of fourteen Days at the leap, shall negletff. or refuse so to do, or, in in case of Attendance shall refuse to be examined upon Oath as aforesaid, not having or making appear before the said Court some juffi or lawful Excuse for such Neglectf or Refusal; and in every such Case, he or they so offending shall, on due Proof made by Oath in such Court of the due Service of the Summons in Manner aforesaid, forfeit and lofc the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied by dipress and to be levied by Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the f.iid Mayor, or the Difirefs and Sale, Recorder of the said City, or any one Alderman of the said City, directed to any apipant of the said Water Bailiff, or any conpable, Headborough or Peace Officer, impowering him, them or any of them, to makke the said dipress for the said forty Shillings, and cause the same to be aopraised and sold after the Expiration of five Days from the making such dipress, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the said and paid to Offender; which said penal Sum shall, as soon as received, be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospi (ficcnwich Mortal for the Benefit of the same Hospital.'Pta,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Preservation of the said Water Bailiff,

Fishery of the said River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, and for his Assistants, preventing, as much as may be, any Abuses from being committed therein, it shall and may be lawful others auto and for the Deputy of the said Mayor for the Time being, as Convfervator as aforesaid, commonly J tlu

called The ivater Bailiff, and his afiipant and Afiifiants, such apipant and apipants having been named 11 } 1

and appointed to be his apipant and Afiifiants, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, and likewise for all and every other Person or Persons who shall for that Purpose be Specially authorised by any Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to enter into any Boat, Vessel or Craft, of any Fisherman or "py entei into Drudgerman, or other Person or Persons fishing or taking Fish, or endeavouring to take Fish, upon the zc

said R iver of Thames, or upon the said Waters of Mcelway, within the J urisdiction aforesaid, and there au prohibited search for, take and seize all Spawn, Fry, Brood of Fifla, Spatt of Oysters, and unfizcable, unwholesome Fish, Nets, tcc. or unseasonable Fish, and also all unlawful Nets, Engines and Instruments, for taking or deploying Fish, onboard, as shall then be in any such Boat or Boats, Vessel or Craft, in or upon the said River or Waters; and to and such as take and seize cn the Shore or Shores adjoining to the said River, or Watprs of Medway, within the sube found n the rifdiffion aforesaid, all such Spawn, Fry, Brood of Fish, Spatt of Oysters, unfizable, unwbolfome, or Shore; unseasonable Fish, as shall be there found; and such Deputy and Afiifiants, or other Persons, who shall be so authorised as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, with all convenient Speed, after the seizing or taking of any such unlawful Nets, Engines or jnpruments, or any Spawn, Fry, Brood of Fish, or Spatt of oypers, or unfizable, unwholesome or unseasonable Fish, bring or cause the same to be brought, before the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or the Recorder of the said City, or one of the Al and bring th?m dermen of the said City, if seized within the Limits of the said City of London, and Liberties thereof, ^a°rjqr3alper?per either upon the said River or on Shore, or before the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or the r', e'

Recorder of the said City, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, or one of his majepy's jupices of the Peace of the County iri which such Seizure shall be made, if made upon the said pjver or Waters, out of the Limits of the said City, or the Liberties thereof, but within the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor as conserva for as aforesaid, or before one of his majepy's jupices of the Peace of the County in which the same shall be seized on Shore, who shall respectively cause such Nets, Engines or inpruments, or Spawn, Fry, Brood of Fish, Spatt of Oysters, unfizcable, unwholesome or unseasonable Fish, so seized to be examined; and and the same be if the same shall, upon View and Examination thereof, or on Proof on Oath before him or them made ing found, to be (which Oath he and they is and are hereby empowered to adminiper) appear to be unfizcable, umvliol contrary to the( ( or unseasonable Fifn, or unlawful Nets; Engines or inpruments for taking unfizea ole Fish, or.de Rules stroying of Fish or Spawn of Fish, contrary to such Rules, Orders or Ordinances, as shall be made by the said Court of the find Mayor and Aldermen, and allowed and approved of as aforesaid, and the Intent and Meaning of this Aff, and that the same were so seized as aforesaid, the said Mayor, Recorder or any:

Aldermen of the said City, or Justice respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall caulc

to be forthwith burnt or destroyed, as well all such unlawful Nets, Engines or inpruments, as also all are to be burnt.

such Spawn, Fry or unfizeabie, unwholesome or unseasonable Fifii, as shall be seized as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruiff Penalty of 101. or binder the said w.aier Bailiff, his Afiifiants, or any of the said Officers, of any conpable, Headbo, or °*'!vn, V. ^. or other Peace Officer, in the Execution of any of the Powers vested in them by t' is A iff, or of ut ^rn feu '3' any Warrant or Warrants to be issuej by the said Mayor, Recorder or any Alderman of the said City, or; ng a»°ofil njcr. Justice respectively, in pursuance of this A iff 3 ox if any Perfomqr Persons whatsoever shall refeue any Person

64 C

2 r

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 175

klag strates to

again! the Rules in a futnmary Way;

Offenders,

Tonne or Persons who shall be apprehended or taken by Virtue or in Pursuance of any of the Powers given by this Act, the Person or Persons so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, on Conviction thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before the said Mayor, Recorder or one of the Aldermen of the said City, within the said City and Liberties, or the Jurisdiction aforesaid, or before a Justice of the County where the said Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall he apprehended.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Recorder or any one al d; termine Coir. German of the said City, within the said City and jurisdiction aforesaid, and his Majesty's Justices of the o£ccstrfnft8 Peace of tllc respective Counties within the jurisdiction aforesaid, or any one of them, shall have full C E ra nu Power to hear and determine in a summary Way, Complaints touching any unlawful or undue Fishing, or taking or destroying Fish, or any other Offences to be committed contrary to any of the Rules, Orders or Ordinances, at any Time hereafter to be made by the said Court of the Mayor and Aldermen in pursuance of this Act, and which shall be allowed and approved of as aforesaid; the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen and Justices, and each of them respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, are and and upon View, js hereby authorised and required upon View, or upon Complaint made on Oath to them respectively, oafht/an"^ any such Offence committed within their respective jurisdictions, contrary to such Rules, Orders or fence, °toaiftue Ordinances, within ten Days after the Commission of any such Offence, to issue his or their Warrant or their Warrants Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, directed to the Water Bailiff of the said for^npprehending City, or such his Assistant or Assistants as aforesaid, or to such Constables, Headboroughs or other Peace Ofhcers, as the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen or Justices, or any one of them, shall, from Time to Time thhink fit, thereby requiring him or them to apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and to bring him, her or them, before the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen or Justices, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions, to answer the Matters of Complaint to be contained in such Warrant or Warrants; and which Warrant or Warrants the Person and Persons to whom the same shall be directed, and their Assistants, are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to execute on the said River Thames or on the Waters o Medway, or on any Part thereof, within the jurisdiction aforesaid, or on any Shore adjoining to the said River, or Waters of Medway; and for that Purpose, they, and every of them, are hereby authorised, empowered and required, at all Times, to go on board any Boat, Vessel or Craft, in the said River or Waters j or in the Daytime, with a Peace Officer, to enter any House wherein any such Offender or Offenders shall be, for the apprehending him, her or them, and when apprehended, to carry him, her or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before the said Mayor, Recorder or one of the Aldermen of the said City, if apprehended in the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof; and if apprehended out of the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, then before one of the Justices of the County where the said Offender or Offenders shall be taken; and the said Mayor, Recorder, aider men and Justices, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, are and is hereby authorised and required to summon Witnesses on either Side before them, and to examine them on Oath (which Oath the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen and Justices respectively, or anyone of them, is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to administer) touching the Premises, and thereupon to hear and upon conviaion, determine the same; and in case any Offender or Offenders shall thereupon, by the said Mayor, recor offen ifr to for der or Aldermen, or the said Justices, or one of them, be convicted, and adjudged guilty of any such tei: a the Rules Offence, then such Offender or Offenders shall thereby incur and forfeit such Penalty as shall be by such Rules and Ordinances set and imposed for the same; and that such Warrant or Warrants, or other act or acts of the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen or Justices, and the al and alsof the Water Bailiff, and his Assistants, and of all Constables, Headboroughs and other Persons, in Obedience to such Warrant or Warrants, shall be as valid, good and effectual in Law, to all Intents whatsoever, as if the same were executed within the proper Limits of their own City, County or jurisdiction.

Witness refuting

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Witness or Witnesses who to appear, or to shall be summoned in pursuance of this alto appear before the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen or ju give Evidence, ftices of the Peace, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions aforesaid, shall neglect or re without just fufc to appear according to the direction of the Summons, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Cause, forfeits touching the Premises, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such neglect or Refusal, every Per

nor [efs han 20s. f°n f offending, on Proof on Oath being made of such Summons having been served on him, her or them, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose such Sum of Money, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen or Justices, or any one of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall by Warrant under his Hand or their Hands order or direct.

Officer neglect

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Assistant or Affillants of the

ing his Pu y. Water Bailiff of the said City, or any Peace Officer, shall wittingly or willingly neglect or refuse to serve

h.rteits ar.vsum or cx ccutc any Warrant or Warrants to him or them directed in Pursuance of this at, or fluff other -- ju: exceeding 5, wjfc wi 1 fn 11 y or wittingly omit the Performance of his or their Duty in the Execution of this al, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the said Mayor, Recorder or any such Alderman, or Justice as aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, every such Assistant or Peace Officer so offending shall forfeit and lose any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds as the said Mayor, Recorder, Alderman or Justice, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions shall think reasonable and direct.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Water Bailiff, or any of his Assistants, shall at any d ime hereafter receive any Sum of Money, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, from any Person or Persons to prevenr, delay or hinder any Prosecution; compound for, or wilfully conceal any Offence to be committed contrary to this at, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of

and to summon "Witnesses, and cv/niinc them on Oath.

i'enat'y rl. cn W it«i Biiiilt, or Allifiaii', t. king any Oratory o lereen, iff., u Pffradi.

one

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 2 1. 65

one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the said Mayor, Recorder or Aldermen, of the said City, or any one of them (and which Oath the said Mayor, Recorder and Aldermen or any one of them, is and are hereby authorised to administer) such Water Bailiff and his Assistants respectively, for every such Offence shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds.

XI. And, for the Setter and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incur red by Disobedience to this Act, and the Powers therein contained, and disposing of the said Forfei tures, where no particular Provision is already made, herein; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said City of London for the Time Method of re being, Recorder and Aldermen of the said City, or any one of them, within the said City, or Liberties covery, ant ap thereof, or within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, and to and for any other of his Majesty's Justices of the p'lcff on ot hw Peace, or any one of them, within their respective Counties, on the Conviction of any Person or Persons Forfeitul: e for any Offence or Offences committed contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, the Forfeiture not being paid, to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals respectively, directed to the Assistant or Afliitants of the said Water Bailiff', or any Peace Officer, within their respective Jurisdictions, impowering him or them to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Lid Offender or Offenders, for the Sum to be levied by any such Warrants; and to cause such Goods and Chattels, after five Days from the Distress taken, to be appraised and sold, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Forfeiture and the Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owners; which Charges shall be ascertained by the Magistrate before whom such Offender or Offenders hall have been so convicted; and for want of such Distress and nonpayment, then it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, for want Bi recorder, Aldermen and Justices, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions, by Warrant fttefs' offent?er under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Cor jr f ivionthi stc redion of the City or County, where such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, there to remain for 5

the Space of three Months from the Time of such Commitment, unless Payment shall be made of the said Penalty, Coffs and Charges, before the Expiration of the said three Months; and one Moiety of all such Ons Moiety of Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall he paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof the sena'7t0 go shall be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital aforesaid, for the Use of the said Hospital; but in case Mother t°rrner* any such Offender or Offenders shall think him or themselves aggrieved by such Conviction, and shall Greenwich hof within the said five Days enter into a Recognisance with two good and fufrcient Sureties, in the Penal pital.

Sum of twenty Pounds, before such Magistrate or Magistrates, before whom he, she or they, shall be fois the Offender, convicted, (which said Recognisance shall be returned, within the said Space of fourteen Days, to the aggrieved by such said Court of the Mayor and Aldermen) conditioned for his Personal Appearance at some Court of the Conviction, shall said Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, to be held within six Weeks after the acknowledging such t^dztnce^itfi Recognisance, or at the next Court of Conservacy to be held for the County in which such Offence sureties, toabide shall be committed, and to stand to and abide such Order as shall be made in the Premises by such Court, the Order of the then the Goods so distrained shall be returned to the Party or Parties from whom the same were taken; Court, and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Court of Conservacy, is hereby empowered and directed the Distress is to upon a Petition of Appeal presented to them, by the Party or Parties so convicted, complaining of such be returned; and Conviction, to appoint a Time for the hearing and determining the Matter of such Appeal, and there determine' upon to cause Notice to be given to the Parties, and to summon Witnesses to attend at the Time soap Appeal, pointed, and then to examine such Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal or Complaint, and make such Order therein, as to such Court shall seem meet; and the said p^tuies^or Courts respectively shall, and they are hereby empowered to order all or any of the Penalties laid on or vacate The con incurjred by any of the Parties, complaining, to be mitigated, or to vacate or set aside such Conviction or viction, or con convictions, or otherwise to ratify and confirm the same, and at their Discretion to award such reason firm the same able Costs to be paid by the Appellant, as to them shall seem meet; and the said Court of Mayor and Al with Costs; dermen, or Court of Conservacy, may, on Forfeiture of any such Recognisance, estreat the same into and on Forfeiture his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, there to be proceeded upon and executed in the same Manner, as f Estreats returned to the said Court of Exchequer, from any Court of Conservacy held by the said Mayor f°me hnothe of the said City, are. _ '. Exchequer.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Mayor, Recorder or any aider man or Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the Effect following; that is to say.

To wit.

TE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Form of Conc

JD Year of his Majestyvreign, A.B. is convicted before me, one of his Majesty's Justices VI aion

*the Peace for the City or County of (as the Case shall happen to-be) for

C (here Jet forth the Offence) and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit

for the same the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.'

And the said Mayor, Recorder, Alderman or Justice before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall to be written., cause the same so drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted Parchment, and to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Court of Conservacy, to be filed and kept amongst the Records transmitted to of the said Court, to which the same shall be transmitted; in case any Person or Persons so convicted g^0utt to b. c. shall appeal from the Judgement of the said Mayor, Recorder or any Alderman or Justice as aforesaid, to 'c - the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Court of Conservacy, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen,

on

66 C 21.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

co".vision, or cthe rl'joctedings or the Court, not jt mcvable by Cecicrari.

Jt the O Vender efcaye o it of the jurr.d'chion of the Person granting a Warrant agamff him, cris his Goods be in a diff erent County, &c. any Joffice of the Peaie, &c. may inciorfe the Warrant,

and Peace Officer execute the same;

snd the ottender nny be tred by such Justice, or remanded back to to be tried by the i\rfon granting the Warrant.

Rights and Privileges of the City. of London, and of the Mayor and Corporation, reserved.

The Mayor, as coi)fervator, may try by Presentment or indict ment, all unlawful and undue Piffling, and other Offences contrary to the Roles, and im pefe suitable Fines, to be applied as Penalties inffidled by the Court of Conservacy.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Double Ccflj. Futlick AO.

Act 14 G. z. t. 44. extended to Magistrates acting under this Act;

ai d no Action is iflu tl nga nff a»Officer, till 1'olic: be given luili tlicuo!;

or Court of Conservacy, is hereby required upon receiving the said conviction, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this act; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ of Certiorari, or other Writ or Process for Removal of any such conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, hall be allowed or granted.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person, against whom a Warrant shall be issued by the said Mayor, Recorder, or any Alderman, or Justice of the Peace, either before or after Conviction as aforesaid, for any Offence against this act, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdiction of such Person granting such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this act, shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place than where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress granted; it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor, Recorder, or any Alderman as aforesaid, or any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place into which such Person shall escape, either before or after conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be, after such Conviction; and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand wii ting of the said Mayor, Recorder, Alderman or Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants, to endorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, and the same, when so endorsed, shall be a sufficient authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place out of the jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant; and the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen and Justices respectively, or any one of them, as the Case shall happen, after in (lorfing the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before the said Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen or Justices, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions, proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, in the same Manner as if it had originally arose within their respective jurisdictions, or may direct the Offender to be carried to the Person who granted the said Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or inure to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Privileges, Franchises or Authority of the City of London, or any Rights, Privileges or Authority exercised by the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, as Conservator as aforesaid; or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of making this act, the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of

don, or the Mayor of the City of London, as Conservator of the said River of Thames and Waters of Mcclvcay, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise; and further, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor of the said City for the Time being, in like Manner as he hath used to do in other Cases, to inquire of, hear and determine, by Presentment or Indictment taken before him as Conservator of the said River and Waters, all unlawful and undue Fishing, and taking and destroying Fish, and all o.her Offences contrary to such Rules, Orders and Ordinances as shall be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and allowed and approved of as aforesaid; upon Conviction of any such Offender or Offenders, to impose a Fine on him, her or them for the said Offence, not exceeding the Penalties which shall be inflicted in and by the said Rules, Orders or Ordinances; and which Fine or Fine;, when levied and recovered, shall be applied and distributed in like Manner as the Penalties inflicted by the said Court of Conservacy have been usually applied and distributed; but no Person shall be punished twice for one and the same Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all actions, Suits and Informations, which shall be commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything which he, she or they shall do, or cause to be done in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced, sued or prosecuted within six Months next after the Cause of action shall accrue; and all such Persons against whom any such Actions, Suits or Informations shall be commenced, sued or prosecuted, shall and may plead the General Ift'ue, 2nd give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if in any such Suit, the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or shall forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his Suit; or if a verdict hall pass, or Judgement shall be given against him upon a Demurrer, then and in any such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover double Costs, for which he or they shall have like Remedy, as when Costs by Law are awarded; and this act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a public act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the rendering fujlices of the Peace more j'.fe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others, ailing in Obedience to their [Tarrant, so far as the said act relates to the rendering Justices of the Peace more fate in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend, to the Mayor, Recorder and every Alderman of the said City of London, and to every Justice and Justices of the Peace, ncting under the Authority or in the Execution of this act; and no action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor any Writ sued out, or Copy of Writ served upon the said Water Pailiff, his Assistant or Assistants, or any other Officer or Officers, for anything done in Execution of this act, until Notice in Writing shall have been given

to

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

21.

der Amends for the Injury com plair.eu of.

same, cor any other Plea, in bar of the Action

to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party commencing such Ablion, or suing out such Writ, one Month before the commencing such Ablion, or luing out or forcing the Copy of the said Writ; which said Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Ablion, together with the Cause of Ablion or Complaint; and and he may ien the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney, shall be under wrote or endorsed thereon; and the J said Water Bailiff, his Assistant or Assistants, and the said other Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and may by Virtue of this Abs, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained of to the Party complaining, or to the said Attorney; and if the same is not accepted, the Defendant or Defendants innd N'jad such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in Bar of such Ablion or Actions, together with the General Blue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if upon issue joined upon such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Ablion; or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants' upon Demurrer, the Defendant nd "P? or Defendants shall be entitled to double Costs; and if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, cofb!" or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient; and also shall find against the Defendant or Defendants, Plaintiff recover on such other Plea or Pleas by them pleaded, the said Jury shall find a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such ing, entitled to Damages as they shall think proper; for which the said Plaintiff shall have Judgement, together with his t> 'ima£e.s and Costs of Suit. Costs oi Suit.

XVIII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all Bodies Refection of

Politic and Corporate, and to the High Court of Admiralty, and all other Courts and Persons, all accustomame Fines, Forfeitures, Penalties, Amerciaments, and Wreck of Sea, which of Right have been reserved and and become due and payable to the said Courts and Persons respectively, for and in respect of the said ra

Fishery or Drudging, or otherwise, and all Rights, Titles, Estates, Jurisdictions, Privileges or fran all Bodies i'oii chises whatsoever, in as full and ample Manner as the same were or have been before the making of this tick and Corpo* Abl; and also all such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, Privilege and Conversation, and Inquiry and Pu rate and ocher nishment of and for the Offences aforesaid, as they or any of them lawfully have and enjoy, or of Right Persons ought to have and enjoy by any Manner of Means; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything Reservation o herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the ^jgh; S [of Rights of the Admiralties or Vice admiralties of Kent or essex^ or any Pifcaries or Fishings belonging kentandeffix to or appertaining to the said City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate, or any Lords of pifcaries, c*Proprietors, Owners or Occupiers of any Rivers, Creeks, Streams or Fisheries adjacent to or

within any Part of the said Limits, or to the Rights of any other Person or Persons within the Limits aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Places and Per

any Fisherman or Drudgerman who now do or shall hereafter inhabit or dwell in any of the Cinque Ports (ons e*empted. or their Members, or in the City of kocbe/ler, or Towns or Places of Strood, Chatham, Frindsbury, Gil of this '

lingham, Milton, Queenborough, feverjjoam, Whitstaple or the Places adjacent; but that such Pi flier men and Act. Drudgermen shall and may use and exercise their Trades of Fishing and Drudging, and Selling, in as full

and ample Manner as they have heretofore lawfully done, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never been made.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend Fiftermen not or be construed to extend to empower or authorise the said. Mayor, Court of Mayor and Aldermen, the k?ble to take out Water Bailiff, or any other Person whatsoever, to grant any Licence or Licences, or to make any Rules, a, y6gratuity for Orders or Ordinances whereby any Licence or Licences shall be required to be taken by any Fisherman, Liberty of Drudgerman or other Person for going out to Fish, Fishing, Drudging or taking Fish in any Manner Fishing,

or Way, or whereby any Gratuities, Rewards or Compensations, under any Pretence or Denomination whatsoever, shall be paid or payable by any Fisherman, Drudgerman or other such Person, to the wa ° ta^har and ter Bailiff, or his Successors, or to any other Person or Persons; whereby any such Fisherman, namesj eqr to be Drudgerman, or other such Person shall be obliged to appear before the said Mayor, Water Bailiff or retrained from other Person, to enter his or their several Name or Names, in any Register or other Book, or whereby keeping any any such Fisherman, Drudgerman or other Person as aforesaid, shall be limited or restrained from keeping Number of Boys, any Number of Boys in any one Boat, as such Fisherman, Drudgerman, or other Person shall judge^proper; anything in the said Abl of the ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, or any other ^qgzi't. c. Statute, Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Geo. 2.

30-c 27*

30

33^ard 2 Geo. 2«

C 15.

C

22.

Anno

tiiceinno

G

lorgil

II

A.D. 1757.

iscco. 2. C 33.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, iveji rnnjier, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act made in the third Year of the rei^ti of Kinv Willi A L

Application of th: Forfeiture.

On non pay* meat within 24 Hour?, d.firefs may be sold.

Overplus to be returned, after deducing ail Charge:

On chaag: ng 1!: Property, new O wntr's Name to be aftixe t.'.e c.rr,

on

an 1 to be en t ed; and in ix.au.t theteof,

oit' njer to for fc.t 4c:

Carts, Drays and other Carriages within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets within the Bills of Mortality, by their mifufing and hindering the Falfige of his Majesty's Subjects through the said Streets and Highways, and committing other Dil orders of the like Kind 3 For Remedy whereof it was thereby enacted, That from and after the twenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, no Person or Persons whatsoever should drive any Cart, Car or Dray of any Kind whatsoever, within the Limits aforesaid, unless the Mailer or Owner of such Cart, Car or Dray, should place upon some conspicuous Part of such Cart,

Car or Dray the Name of the Owner of such Cart, Car or Dray, and the Number of such Cart, Car or Dray so belonging unto him, in order that the Driver of such Cart, Car or Dray might the more easily be convicted for any Disorder or Misbehaviour committed by him as aforesaid 3 and it was thereby further enacted, That every Owner of such Cart, Car or Dray redding within the Limits aforesaid,

should enter his Name and Place of Abode with the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, for which Entry he should pay the Sum of one Shilling and no more 3 and the said Commissioners were thereby required to receive and register such Entry as aforesaid 3 and it was thereby also enacted, That in case any Person or Persons should drive any such Cart, Car or Dray, within the Limits aforesaid,

not marked, numbered and entered as before directed, every such Person so offending should forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, and it should be lawful for any Person or Persons to seize and detain the Cart,

Car or Dray, or any of the Horses drawing the same, and them to detain until such Penalty should be paid: And whereas no Provision is made by the said Act, to whom the Money forfeited shall go and be paid, or to sell the Cart, Car, Dray or Horse as shall be seized in pursuance of the said Act, to raise the forty Shillings forfeited 3' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Moiety of the Money which shall be forfeited by the Driver of any Cart, Car or Dray, under the said Act, mail go and be paid to the person or Persons who shall apprehend and prosecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders against the said Act; and that the other Moiety thereof shall go and be paid to the Overseers of the Poor, if there shall be any, of the Parish or Place in which the Offence shall be committed 3 and if there shall be no Overseers in such Parish or Place, then to some other Officer of such Parish or Place, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place 3 and if the Offender or Offenders, on being convicted of any Offence against the said Act, before any Justice of the Peace within his jurisdiction, shall not within the Space of twenty-four Hours after any such Conviction, pay the forty Shillings forfeited, then the same shall be raised by Sale of the Cart, Car, Dray or Horse which shall be seized; every Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction is hereby authorised and required to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Constable, or some other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place in which the Cart, Car, Dray or Horse seized fh.dl be, to cause Side to be made thereof with all convenient Speed, for raising the Money which shall be forfeited for any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid 3 rendering to the Offender or Offenders the Overplus (if any there shall be) after deducting the Charges of the Sale of any such Cart, Car, Dray 01 Horse, and also the Expenses the Party or Parties who shall have made the Seizure shall be at by de t fining or housing thereof, or keeping any Horse seized, until Sale shall be made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or the Money forfeited shall be paid.

: il. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Time the Property of any Cart,

Car or Dray, which is or shall be entered with the said Commissioners for licensing Plackney Coaches in pursuance of the said recited or this present Act, shall be altered, the new Owner or Owners thereof shall, from time to time, within seven Days next after he, she or they shall become Owner or Owners thereof, cause the n..mc or Names of the former Owner or Owners thereof to be taken off' from every such Cart, Car or Dray, and the Name or Names of the new and real Owner or Owners thereof to he, put or painted in large and legible Characters upon some conspicuous Part thereof, and also to be entered V ith the said Cornu issioners for licensing Hackney Coaches; and if any Omiffnn shall be made in doings ther"of, and any Person shall chive any such Cart, Car or Diay within the Limits aforesaid, not having the Name or Na i.es of the real Owner or Owners thereof painted or put thereon, in same conspicuous Part thereof, and also entered ith the said Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches as herein before is directed, every such Person so offending in the premisses, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 22. 69

of forty Shillings on being thereof convicted, 'either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Division or Place where any such Offence shall be committed 5 and the said Moiety so forfeited, shall go and be applied in like Manner as the forty Shillings forfeited for any Offence committed against the said herein lefore recited Act is hereby directed to go and be applied; and every such Cart, Car and Dray, and any Cart and

dorfe drawing the same, is and are hereby subjected and made liable to be seized by any Person or Per an?" sold,

fons, and also to be sold, to raise and answer the Money which shall be forfeited in pursuance of this Act, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Sale, and of Hoofing the Cart, Car or Dray which shall be seized under this Act, and keeping the Horse which shall be also seized under this Act, until Sale shall be made thereof, or the Money forfeited shall be paid.

III. And whereas some Doubt hath been made whether the Justices of the Peace of the City of London are authorised to ascertain at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in London., the Rates or Prices of Goods taken up in London, and carried for Hire out of London into the City of Westminster, and other Places contiguous to London, by the Carts, Cars or Carrooms licensed to work in London, and to compel Persons who shall work any such Carts, Cars or Carrooms licensed to work in London, to carry Goods from any Parts of the said City of London into the said City of ivefhninfier, and other Pairs adjacent to London; and to enforce Payment to the Carmen for their Labour and Carriage of Goods,

according to the Rates or Prices which shall be let or ascertained at the said General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in London, and by reason thereof many Inconveniences have happened to Merchants and '

efore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of Justices or th? for the Time being, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby enc, tyto a(rels an

others Be it there

the said City of London

joined and required at the next General Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said City of London after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and so after Goods, ° wards at the General Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said City of London next after

lfion shall require, to assess and rate reasonable th

the twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, as Occ; Rates and Prices for the Carriage of all Goods taken up in

require, to aliels and rate said City of London, and carried

by any such licensed Carts, Cars or Carrooms, as well in the said City of London, as from the said City of London into the said City of tveflmuifler, or any other Place or Places not exceeding the Distance of three Miles from the said City of London, and to make, frame and set down in Writing such reasonable Rules, d to make Orders and Ordinances for governing and regulating such Carts, Cars and Carrooms, and the Drivers Carts and thereof, and to compel Payment for Carriage of Goods by such licensed Carts, Cars or Carrooms, ac Driver and for cording to the Rates or Prices which shall be rated, affclled or set at any such Sessions of the Peace in Payment of their London as aforesaid; to annex reasonable Penalties for Breach of any such Rules, Orders or Ordi Fare and |°3n nances, not exceeding five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the major Part of the Justices at any such Sessions of the Peace in London assembled shall seem meet; and such Rules, Orders and Ordinances, or de' ".ct; °oy mr" any of them, from time to time, at any other such Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid in London, to alter and also alter and y amend; and such new or other Rules, Orders and Ordinances, touching the Matters aforesaid, with amend the same, such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures (not exceeding five Pounds for any one Offence) to make, as or make new

fr

oni time to time

Orders.

to the major Part of the Justices. at any such Sessions of the Peace assembled shall, seem meet, for the better putting this Act in Execution.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat all such Rules, Orders The said Rules and Ordinances, so to be from time to time made at any such Sessions of the Peace in London shall, with to b. c. p'!n'cd in thirty Days after the making the same, be printed and affixed up in some public Places of the fnidan pu 11 City of London, and be otherwise made public, in such Manner as the said Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall think proper, and from time to time order.

V. And whereas his Majesty's Subjects are frequently interrupted and hindered passing on their law full Occasions in the public Streets, Lanes and open Passages in the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, by empty Pipes, Butts, Barrels, Casks and other vessels,

and also by empty Carts, Cars, Drays or other Carriages, landing or being placed there, and by other Obffrublions; For Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Persons wilfully Persons after the said twenty-fourth Day of June shall wilfully obstruct the passing and repaying of his obstructing the majesty's Subjects in any such public Streets, Lanes or open Passages within the Limits herein before j'af5age of che. mentioned, or put or set any empty Pipes, Butts, Barrels, Casks or other Vessels in any such public e^fy'cdks'^1 Streets, Lanes, or open Passages within the Limits aforesaid, (except for such reasonable Time only as cjts, shall be necessary for the carrying or removing thereof to or from any House, v/arehouse, Cellar, Vault or other Place, or for riage in any such pub

the trimming thereof) or fetor place any empty Cart, Car, Dray or other Car except lick Street, Lane or open Passage within the Limits aforesaid, except only during Fyin?

while for Hire

such reasonable Time as any such Cart, Car or other Carriage shall be plying for Hire, in the Place or tlac, r Pr°p" Places appointed or to be appointed for the Handing thereof so to ply for Hire, by the Persons authorised sjan J' to appoint such the Standings thereof, and except during such reasonable Time as any such Cart, Car, down, afire Dray or other Carriage shall be w&iting in any such public Street, Lane or open Passage to lead or unload Goods or Commodities, or to take up or set down a Fare; and that every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted of any such Offence, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of ore more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City,

Division or Place where any such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit any liable to forfeit Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, and not less than the Sum of five Shillings; or shall be committed nr>t exceeding to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the County, City, Liberty, Division or Place in, 0*' nor ]c'5

J. than. 5 s. or iff

; Villen be coinmitud.

7°

C

22.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

which the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, as any such Justice shall think fit and order.

VI. And whereas the Passage from Westminster Bridge into the City of Westminster is greatly obstructed, and rendered unsafe, by the constant Stand of Hackney Coaches and other Carriages, plying lor hire near the said Bridge; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hackney Coachman, Carman, or other Person or Persons, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of 7 wn\ ply for Plire with any Hackney Coach, Cart, or other Weel Carriage, in Bridge Street, Parliament Street, Great George Street, S. Margaret's Street, or Abingdon Street, in the City of Westminster, or any of the said Streets; or (top or Hay in any of the said Streets with any such Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, any longer Time than shall be reasonable for such Coachman, Carman, or other Person, having the Care of any Wheel Carriage, to wait to take up or let down his Fare, or to load and unload Goods or other Commodities; and that every Coachman, Carman, or other Person, having the Care of any such Weel Carriage, offending in any of the Cales aforesaid, being convitfted of any such Offence, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, shall, for every (rich Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than 5s. and not iefs than five Shillings; or shall be committed to the House of Correction in Westminster, there to o: being com remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, as any such Justice

9 Ann. 23.

10 ar.r. C 19.

No Coaches or Cans to ply for Hire in (he Streets here mentioned,

nor to flop there longer than to take up or see down a Fare,

on

forfeiture of a Sum not exceeding 20 s

micted.

shall think fit and order.

Concerning

Caches, c. fa farther

33 Gm. 2. C 25.

Driver of any Carriage, 00 tlrufling the Pillage in any of the Streets within the Bills of Mortality,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Driver of any Carriage whatnot

exceeding ao s. or may be committed.

soever in the said Cities of London or Westminster, or in any public Street or common Highways within the said weekly Bills of Mortality, final! by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of his Majesty's Subjects, in any of the public Streets in London or Westminster, or or in any public Streets or common Highways within the said weekly Bills of Mortality, every such Driver being convicted thereof, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the County, City, Division, Liberty or Place wherein any such Offence shall be committed, and which Oath every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, forfeits any Sum shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings; or shall be committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the County, City, Liberty, Division or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender shall have been apprehended, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, as any such Justice shall think fit and order.

20 s Penalty of C

VIII. And for preventing obstructions in all the public Highways of this Kingdom Be it enacted obitruaing the by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun highway by re ai fifty seven shall set, place, or leave, any empty Wagon, Cart, or any other Carriage in any pub empty Wagons, lick Highway within this Kingdom, fio as in any Manner to interrupt or hinder the free Passage of any other Vc. except while Carriage, or of his Majesty's Subjects, except only during such reasonable Time as such Wagon, Cart they are loading or Carriage shall be loading or unloading; every Person lb offending, and being convicted of such Offence, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where such Offence shall be committed, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace; and ani for want of for want of fullicicut Distress, such Justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such Offender to Distress, Often the House of correction, or some other Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place in which mhtedbs c°ni" the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month.

20s. Penalty

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the said twenty-fourth Day of on Driver riding June the Driver of any Wagon, Cart, Car, Dray or other Carriage, on any public Highway, shall w ide on his Wagon upon any fl(ch Carriage, not having some other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the same (such Carriages as are respectively drawn by one Horse only, or by two Horses abreast, and are conducted by some Person holding the Reins of such Horse or Horses, excepted) or if the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever on any of the said Highways, shall by Negligence or Misbehaviour cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person passing or being upon such Highway; or shall by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, prevent, hinder or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriage, or of his Majesty's Subjects on the said Highways; or if the Driver of any empty or unloaded Wagon, Cart or other Carriage, shall refuse ornegletst to turn aside and make way for any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, loaded Wagon, Cart, or other loaded Carriage; every such Driver offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted of such Offence, fer Coaches, ic. either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any or loaded Cit Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Place where such Offence shall he committed (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall for every such Offence to be levied by forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress andr Sale of the offender's Goods

d.stress and

tale; and for want of Distrcf*, Offender to b. c. committed.

I

cr unloading.

to be levied by Distress and sale

or Cart, r. without some other Person to conduct it, or causing any Damage; or obstructing the Passage -, or being empty, not giv, ng Way

and

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgiiii. C 23. 71

and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, or foine other Prison of the County, Riding, Division or Place in which the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for Of Application of fences against this Acton the public Highways, shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer, and ^lf, tres the other Moiety to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways in the Parish wherein such Offence shall Hichwa^" ° be committed, to be by such Surveyor or Surveyors applied in the Repair of the Highways within such respective Parish.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be apprehended offender being for having committed any Offence against this Act, shall refuse to discover his Name and Place of Abode, apprehended, to the Justice or Justices before whom he shall be brought, such Person so refusing shall be immediately j^svarneanj3 delivered over to a Constable or other Peace Officer, and shall by him be conveyed to the common Gaol, Abode, to lc or House of Correction, of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain committed, until he shall declare his Name and Place of abode to the said Justice, or to some other Justice of the said

County or Place.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Forfeitures by this Act Pecuniary for incurred, and for levying whereof no Provision is herein before made, shall and may be levied by Distress, not be" and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender (rendering to him the Overplus, after the lcr«rf°v|dedi'or. Charges of the Distress and Sale shall be deduced) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice Distress and Say before whom the Offender was convicted; and one Moiety of all which pecuniary Forfeitures, whereof of the offender'j the Application is not herein before directed, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall pro Goods, fecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders against this Act and the other Moiety thereof shall be Application paid to the Overseers of the Poor, if there shall be any, of the Parish or Place in which the Offence thereof.

shall be committed, or the Offender shall have been apprehended; and if there shall be no Overseers in such Parish or Place, then to some other Officer of such Parish or Place, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall see offenders mav any of the Offences herein before mentioned, and intended by this Act to be redressed, committed, shall be apprehended and may by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, apprehend the Offender or Of by any Persons fenders, and shall with all convenient Speed then afterwards convey or deliver every such Offender and <«einethe or offenders to a Constable, or some other Peace Officer of the County, City or Place in which the Offence fence commutc shall be committed, or the Offender shall be apprehended, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of such County, City or Place, there to be dealt with according to Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, Trials, inhabitants of and other Proceedings in pursuance of this Actor in relation to any Matter or Thing herein con the Place where tained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Town or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall tc a "y Offeficeflull committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this actor the said herein before recited ^, e

Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding wkneff; ^his, her or their being an Inhabitant of the Parish or Place in which any such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who by virtue of this Act offenders pi> shall be punished for any Offence or Offences by him, her or them committed, shall be punished for the nished under same Offence or Offences under any other Law or Statute; and that if any Action or Suit shall be com this Act, not nienced against any Person or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or punishable for Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special fa: northeast, ncc Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, a Verdict shall be recorded for °ent!a "e' the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover double Costs, dub, r C and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other ou ceases by Law for Recovery of his or their Costs.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one milticnj for the Uses and Purposes

therein mentioned.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration your majesty's most gracious Message,

signifying your majesty's Desire to be enabled by your faithful Commons, to defray any extraordinary Expenses of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of yourmajcft'c Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may r.'quire, have resolved

to

ro

C

23

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

One million granted to his Majesty to defray extraordinary Expences.

His Majesty by Warrant under Jus Sign Manual may authorise the Treasury to take in i.oar.'j or itue Exchequer b.l's for the said Sum, in the same Manner as Leans or Exchequer 13.11s are to be taken or made by fire Land Tax Act dt this Sellton,

Clauses c. in the said Act rehtirg to Loans or Exchequer bil.s tjiciein, extended to such us shall be made

jn pursuance tilts Ad.

cf

The 'ank im jrovvered to lend his Majesty the said Sum, on the Ciedi: of this Act,

notwithstanding Act 5 & 6 W,

& M.

Loans with the Interest, to be paid out of the firift Supplies; and if nene shall be granted before

5 J, j*y j7s8 out of the Sinking Fund;

and the Moneys issued to be replaced out of te £rlt Supplies.

to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million for that Purpose; do therefore mod; C humbly beseech your Majest, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it lliu.ll and may be lawful to and for the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate; or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the whole, the said Sum of one million, in the same Manner or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an at of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Lax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for difharging certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears for the future, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

il. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last: mentioned Act relating to the Loans or pnchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act) shall be applied and extended to thfe. Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Adr, as fully and effectually to all in t nts and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said hft mentioned Add, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and rc enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesty's several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as Jlmll voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times, at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use oruiesby any Actor acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so blued out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV.

A.D.

1757

Anno tricelinio Georgii II.

C 24.

73

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money, by faife or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants and Apprentices.

WHEREAS diverse evil disposed Persons, to support their profligate way of Life, have by vari ^<fcr ta 33 h ous subtle Stratagems, Threats and Devices, fraudulently obtained diverse Sums of Money,

: w.

Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, to the great Injury of industrious families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit; Therefore for the punishing all such Offenders, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, all Persons who persons convic knowingly and designedly, by faife Pretence or Pretences, shall obtain from any Person or Persons, Mo ted of training ney. Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Person or Persons of the same; ^Money r Goods or shall knowingly send or deliver any Letter or Writing, with or without a Name or Names subscribed or of thereto, or signed with a fictitious Name or Names, Letter or Letters, threatening to accuse any Person fen(jingthrearen of any Crime punishable by Law with Death, Transportation, Pillory or any other infamous Punishment, ing Letters n or with a View or Intent to extort or gain Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from the Person or Per der to extort mo fons so threatened to be accused, fiial 1 be deemed Offenders against Law and the Public Peace; and the ney or Goods, Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, shall in case he, she or they shall be con may be punished vidled of any of the Paid Offences, order such Offender or Offenders to be fined and imprisoned, or to be and lm"

put in the Pillory, or publicly whipped, or to be transported, as soon as conveniently may be accord lpui^ry^ r ing to the Laws made for Transportation of Felons) to some of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in whipping or America, for the Term of seven Years, as the Court in which any such Offender or Offenders shall be Transportation. convicted shall think fit and order.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace of where acharpe the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, before whom any Person or Persons charged on is made of ny of oath, by any credible Person or Persons, with having committed any of the Offences intended by this the said Offences, act to be punished, shall be brought, shall examine by Oath (which Oath every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) and such other lawful Means as to any such Tu oath, ilice or Justices shall seem meet, touching the Matters complained of, and deal with the Offender or Offenders according to Law; and if the Party or Parties charged as being the Offender or Offenders, shall and to bind over be committed to Prison, or be admitted to Bail, to answer the Matters complained of at the next General the Complainant or Quarter sessions of the Peace, or next Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, which shall be held for the Coun to appear and ty, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein the Offence shall be charged on Oath to have prosecute > been committed, then such Justice or Justices shall bind over the Prosecutor and Prosecutors of every such Offender and Offenders to appear at the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, or next Sessions of Oyer and Terminer which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein the Offence shall be charged to have been committed, by Recognisance, in such reasonable Sum of Money as to such Justice or Justices shall seem requisite, to prosecute such Offender and Offenders with Effect; and if any Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes fraudulently obtained, hall appear to and his rerogni such Justice or Justices to exceed the Amount or Value of twenty Pounds, then the Recognisance to be zancetobein taken in that Behalf from the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall be in not less than double the Amount or plrop^'rt!°.n co Value the same shall appear before any such Justice or Justices to be worth.

III. And whereas diverse of his Majesty's Subjects fufter great Inconveniences and frequent Losses,

by Persons pawning or unlawfully disposing of the Goods and Chattels of others, and the Persons so pawning or unlawfully disposing of the Goods or Chattels of others, from the Meanness of their Circum fiances, are seldom able to make Restitution or Recompense to the Parties injured, and the Laws now in,

the Fraud.

any rerlon orrenons man Knowingly and designedly pawn or exchange, or unlawfully dispolec.

or Chattels of any other Person or Persons, not being employed or authorised by the Owner or Owners Without leae of thereof so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Ov the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with such Offence, before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid ( which Oath every such Justice as aforesaid is hereby empowered and required to administer) every such Offender hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and ai:

in case the Paid Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, be payment

- nn1 7 - - J - _ _ _ rmnmi th

shall

d on nn' '

be

fore whom such Conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or parties so convicted to the House of i^ys^o hard Correction, or some other public Prison of the County, P, iding, Division, City or Place wherein the Labour, Offender or Offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the and if not paid Space of lour. on Days, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within three Days before within that thu Expiration of the said fourteen Days, the said Forfeiture shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices T, 'me'to be. vol. V 111.'L. i wh pped.on Ap.

plication of the Piolecator.

L

74 C 24.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Application of the Fuleituies

Pawnbroker to make Entry of Goods pawned, pledged or exchanged.

the paw ner, upon t aying for the same.

Penalty 5 1. on Default of making such Entry, and giving filth Duplicate.

is and are hereby requited to order, upon the Application of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, the Person or Persons lo convicted to be publicly whipped in the House of Correction or Prison to which the Offender or Offenders shall be committed, or in some open public Place of the City, Riding, Division, Town or Place wherein the Offence ball have been committed, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and the said respective Forfeitures when recovered, shall be applied towards making Satisfaction thereout to the Party or Parties injured, and defraying the Colts of the Prosecution, as shall be adjudged reaforr able by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, but if the Party or Parties injured shall decline to accept of such Satisfaction and Costs; or if there shall be any Overplus of the said respective Forfeitures, after making such Satisfaction, and paying such Gods as aforesaid, then such respective Forfeitures, or the Overplus thereof (as the Case shall happen) shall be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall take by way of Pawn, Pledge or Exchange, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Goods or Chattels, of what Kind soever the same shall be, shall forthwith enter or cause to be entered, in a fair or regular Manner, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Description of tile Goods or Chattels which he, she or they shall receive in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange; and also the Sum of Money advanced or paid thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Goods or Chattels were so pawned, pledged or exchanged, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the Information of the per and a Duplicate, son pawning or pledging, or exchanging the same; and shall at the same Time give a Duplicate or Copy

if required, to be thereof to the Person or Persons so pawning, pledging or exchanging the said Goods or Chattels, if rer: vn tj quired; for which the Person or Persons giving such Duplicate or Copy, shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall so pawn, pledge or exchange such Goods or Chattels, the Sum of one halfpenny, on Goods and Chattels pawned for less than twenty Shillings; and one Penny on Goods or Chattels pawned for twenty Shillings, and not exceeding five Pounds; and for every such Duplicate upon Goods or Chattels pawned for any larger Sum, the Sum of twopence and no more; and in Default of making such Entry, and giving such Duplicate or Copy, if required as aforesaid, he, she or they shall reflectively for every Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place where the Offence shall be committed; which respective Forfeitures when levied, shall be paid and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed.

V. And whereas it sometimes happens that the Goods or Chattels pledged and pawned as aforesaid,

are spoiled and damaged, or rendered of less Value than when the same were pledged or pawned, through the Neglect, Default or Misbehaviour of the Person or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her or their Agents or Servants, either by wearing or using thereof, or by letting the same out to Hire; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in the Course of any of the aforesaid Proceedings, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of, or under this Act, it shall appear or be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices upon Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, that any of the Goods or Chattels so pawned as aforesaid, are become or have been rendered of less Value than the same were at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the Default, Neglect or wilful Misbehaviour of the Person or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, Agents or Servants; then, and in any such Case, it shall be lawful, and every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to allow or award a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels, in respect of such Damage; and the Sum or Sums of Money so allowed or awarded shall be deducted out of the Principal and Interest, and Allowance for warehouse room, which shall appear to be due to any Person or Persons, to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; and in all Cases where the Goods and Chattels pawned as aforesaid, shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the P. vvner or Pawners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to pay or tender the Money upon the Balance, after deduchng out of the Principal and Interest, and Money payable for Warehouse room as aforesaid, for the Goods or Chattels pawned, such reasonable Satisfaction in respect to such Damage, as any such Justice or Justices shall order or award; and upon so doing, the Justice or Justices shall proceed as if the Pawner or Pawners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, had paid or tendered the whole Money due for the Principal, Interest and warehouse room as aforesaid,

buying

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of pie pe"liren or ^l'piet'i^£r one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy or arplrei, intru ta^e 'n as a Pledge, any Linen or Apparel, entrusted to any other Person or Persons to wadi, scour, iron, fled to others to mend or make up, and shall be convicted of the same, on the Oath of one credible Witness, or on con wathorueod, session of the Party, before one or more Justice or Justices; every such Person or Persons shall forfeit double the Sum given for or lent on the same, to be paid to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence is fcifrit double committed, to be recovered in the Manner other Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered; and shall likewise be obliged to restore the said Goods to the Owner in the Presence of the said Justice or Justices.

Where Good fawned shall be imaged thro' Neglect of the Pawnbroker,

he. to f

the Sorts.

{ Tfrtoie the owtv.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24.. 75

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, who per^ns ° ci'n3 hall offer by way of Pawn, Pledge, Exchange or Sale, any Goods or Chattels, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfa£lory Account of himself, herself or themselves, or of the Means, by which lie, change net g, _ he or they became possessed of such Goods or Chattels; or if there shall be any other Reason to suspect ving a good ac that such Goods or Chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained; it shall and may counter them be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her or their Servants or Agents to whom such Goods or Chat Selves, may be tels shall be so offered, to seize and detain such Person or Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels, and to <istaln; 'nd deliver such Person or Persons, as soon as conveniently may be, into the Custody of the Constable, or r^ke. other peace Officer, who shall and is hereby required, immediately to convey such Person or Persons, and J the said Goods or Chattels, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division,

City, Liberty or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed; and if such Justice or Justices shall, upon Examination and Inquiry, have Cause to suspect that the said Goods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons into safe Custody, for any Time not exceeding the Space of IX Days, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said Examinations, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice m.iv Justice or Justices, that the said Goods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, commit the the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties Faity* offending to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, liberty or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to Law.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case such Goods or Chattels so seized The Persons de and detained as aforesaid, shall afterwards appear to be the Property of the Person or Persons who offered Goods 'uff the same to be pawned, pledged, exchanged or sold, or that he, she or they, was or were authorised by demnifi°dsfornfo the Owner or Owners thereoc to pawn, pledge, exchange, or sell the same, then and in such Case, the doing.

Person or Persons who shall so seize or detain the Party or Parties who offered the said Goods or Chattels, shall be, and he, she and they is and are by this al indemnified for having so done.

IX. And for the better enabling all Persons to recover their Goods or Chattels, which after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall be unlawfully pawned or pledged to, or exchanged with, any Person or Persons whatsoever; 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any Goods or Chattels, unlawfully pawned, jjftke upon pledged or exchanged, shall make out, either on his, her or their Oath, or by the Oath of any credible Oath of the Witness, or (being one of the People called Quakers) by solemn Affirmation before any Justice or Justices Owner, to iflue1 of the Peace, within his or their jurisdiction, that such Owner or Owners, has or have had, his, her or fg^thevitf their Goods and Chattels unlawfully obtained or taken from him, her or them, and that there is just pg^ed Person's Cause to suspect that any Person or Persons, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices hath House or have knowingly and unlawfully taken to Pawn, or by Way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any Goods or Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and without the Privity of, or Authority from such Owner or Owners thereof; and shall make appear to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, probable Grounds for such the Suspicionof the Owner or Owners thereof; then and in any such Case, any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their jurisdiction, may issue his or their Warrant for searching, in the daytime, the House, Warehouse or other Place, of any such Person or Persons, who shall be charged on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have knowingly and unlawfully received or taken to pawn, or by Way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any such Goods or Chattels, without the Privity of, or Authority from the Owner or Owners thereof; and if the Occupier or Occupiers of any House,

Warehouse or other Place, wherein any such Goods or Chattels shall, on Oath or Affirmation as afore Upon Refusal of said, be charged or suspected to be, shall after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven Admittance of hundred and fifty seven, on Request made to him, her or them, to open the same, by any Peace Officer ydoor

authorised to search there, by Warrant from a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, pen ie r

Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, in which such House, Warehouse or other Place shall be situate, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any such Peace Officer to break open any such House, Warehouse or other Place, in the daytime, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the Goods or Chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful Damage; and if Persons hinder any Person or Persons shall oppose or hinder any such Search, and shall be thereof convicted before any ing such Search, such Justice or Justices, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, every Person so forfeit 5l. offending in the Premises shall forfeit for every such Offence the sum of five Pounds; and in case such and on non pay forfeiture be not immediately paid down, or within the Space of twenty-four Hours, the Justice or ment, are to be Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the committed to House of Correction, or some other public Prifoji of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, ard La our Town or Place, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than five Days, unless in the mean Time such Forfeiture shall be paid; and such Forfeiture, when recovered, shall forthwith go and be applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall have been committed; and if upon the Search of the House, Warehouse, or other Place, of any such The Goods found suspected Person or Persons as aforesaid, any of the Goods or Chattels which shall have been so know^restored 10 ingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged or exchanged aforesaid, shall be found, and the Property of the the wher' Owner or Owners from whom the lame shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, shall be made out, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, or (if any such witness or Witnesses be of the People called Quakers) by solemn Affirmation, or, t by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with any such Offence, any such Justice or justice.s

L 2 shall

76 C 24.'

examine the i'arties;

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

hall thereupon cause the Goods and Chattels found on any such Search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the Owner or Owners thereof.

X. And whereas Goods and Chattels are often pawned or pledged for securing the Payment of Money lent thereon, and the Interest thereof; and although when the Money becomes due, the Borrowers, or their Representatives, are deiirous to repay the same, and the Interest due thereon, and make Tender thereof to the Person or Persons with whom the same are so pawned or pledged, they are frequently under great Difficulties to get back the Goods and Chattels so pawned, and are often under Ncccfiity to commence Suits at Law for the Recovery thereof, to their great Expense; For Remedy whereof, 'Be gccd<p: \vred R enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one n r a Sum not thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, if any Goods or Chattels shall be pawned or pledged for securing m ov ed any Money lent thereon, not exceeding in the Whole the Principal Sum of ten Pounds, and the Interest vivr.i i s Veais. thereof; and if within two Years after the Pawning or Pledging thereof, Proof having been made on Oath, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by producing a Duplicate of the Entry directed to be given by this Act as aforesaid, before any such Justice or Justices, or by solemn Affirmation (if the Person be of the People called Quakers) to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, of the Pawning or Pledging of any such Goods or Chattels within the said Space of two Years, any such Pawner or Pawners who was or were the real Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels at the Time of the Pawning or Pledging thereof, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall) tender unto the Person or Persons who lent on the Security of the Goods or Chattels pawned, his Executors, admi nistrators or Assigns, the Principal Money borrowed thereon, and all Interest due for the same, together with such Charges for the warehouse room of the Goods or Chattels pawned, as shall be agreed on at the ime of the Pawning of such Goods and Chattels; and the Person who took such Goods or Chattels in Pawn, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall thereupon neglect or refuse to deliver back the Goods or Chattels so pawned, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Principal Sum of ten Pounds, to the Person or Persons who borrowed the Money thereon, his, her or their Executors, j jfhee on Com Administrators or Assigns; then and in any such Case, on Oath, or (if the Person or Persons be of the broker°iefufin'e* peop^c called Quakers) on solemn Affirmation thereof made by the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her to deliver Goods, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or some other credible Person, any Justice or Justices of to summon and the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place where the Person or Persons who took such Pawn as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns shall dwell, on the Application of the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such Person or Persons who took such Pawn, his, her or their Executors, administra ters or Assigns, within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices, to come before such Justice or Justices; such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine on Oath, or solemn Affirmation, as the Case may require, the Parties themselves, and such other credible Persons as shall ap ?nd Proof being pear before him or them, touching the Premises; and if Tender of the Principal Money due, and all made of Tender, [nterc{^ thereof, together with Charges for warehouse room as aforesaid, shall be proved by Oath or thcprma^trn Affirmation as aforesaid, to have been made, such Principal Money not exceeding the said Sum of ten r'o.p.., Pounds, to the Lender or Lenders thereof, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by the Borrower or Borrowers of such Principal Money, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, within the said Space of two Years after the said Pawning or Pledging of the Goods or Chattels; then on Payment by the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, of such Principal Money, and the Interest due thereon, together with such Charges for warehouse rooin of the Goods or Chattels so pawned or pledged as aforesaid, to the Lender or Lenders, his, her or their Executes, Administrators or Assigns; in case the Lender or Lenders, his, her or their Executors, admi or^er for 5j'c nistrators or Assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on Tender thereof to him, her or them made, by the lhedcborrower or Borrowers thereof, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, before any such Gocd?, 6 Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices shall thereupon, by Order under his Hand, or their Hands, airett the Goods or Chattels so pawned, forthwith to be delivered up to the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns: And if the Person or Persons who shall have lent any Principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of ten Pounds, on any Goods or Chattels pawned, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the Goods or Chattels, which shall be proved to the Satisfaction cf such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid shall order and direct; then any such Justice or Justices shall, and is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties so refusing to deliver up or make Satisfaction,

for the same, to the House of Correction, or some aether public Prison of the County, Riding, Division,

City or Place wherein the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or be convicted; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she or they shall deliver up the Goods or Chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the Order of such said Justice or Justices, or make Satisfaction or Compensation for the Value thereof, to the Party or Parties entitled to the Redemption of such Goods or Chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid

mtd fcr6

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pawn or Pledge of Goods or

aywi's, are ?0, Chattels, of what Kind foevtr, made by or for the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall remain unredeemed

for the Space of two Years, then every such Pawn or Pledge shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Person or Persons, to whom such Goods or Chattels have been pawned or pledged, to sell the same; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding;

treft and Charges; or Tender being ihen also made, and refuted;

Justice to make

cn Refusal, to commit the fxwnkrokrr rill bjiiuaction ts made.

Cfo*

tc ted, and may be laid;

A.D. 1757.

withu.u.j

such Goods or, .,

directed. - CS which have been

XII. Provided always, and be u Tonnes to whom any Goods or a Book or Books to be kept for

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

24

7

rf

subject nevertheless to account for the Overplus, if any shall be, of the Produce of all Overplus to Ss

pledged for two Pounds and upwards, as by. this Aift isaccounted for

Per

Entry to te mack of Sale of Cecils pawned for il. or upwards.

iicr

Inspection,

or the Goods b. c.

Chattels shall 'hlfv3: elc^ ky the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or I

r. for that Purpose, " a true aim pj p^dged, shall from time to time enter in

tels pawned to him, her or them, for two Pounds, or upwards, which a" "and Chat

or Persons, expressing the Day when, the Money for which, and the Name and Place of vvnbih. t?r(9p Person to whom such Goods or Effects pawned were sold; and in case any such Goods or Effects shall be Overplus arising sold for more than the Principal Money, with Interest, and the Charge of warehouse room as aforesaid, f»om thes.k, to due thereon at the rpime of such Sale, the Overplus shall by every such Person or Persons be paid on jtanj'v^u: 'Demand ho the Person by or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her or their "q".uc ° lt Executors, Administrators or assigns; and such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, hall for his, her or their Satisfaction in this Matter, be permitted.to inspect the Entry to be made as aforesaid of every such Sale, paying for such Inspection the Sum of one Penny, and no more; and in case any Person or Persons shall refute to p" refucl of permit any such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, to inspect such Entry as aforesaid in any such Book or Books, such Person or Persons, if an Executor or Executors, administrator or Administrators, or Assignee or Assignees, at such Time producing his, her or their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration or Alignment; or in case the Goods or Effects were sold for more than the Sum entered in any such Book or Books; or if any such Person or Persons shall not make "han^nicrej ^7

such Entry, or shall not have born side sold the Goods or Chattels pawned fof the hest Price that he, Ihe

or they might have reasonably had or got for the same, without his, her or their wilful Default; or shall refuse to pay such Overplus, upon Demand, to the Pawner or Pawners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; he or they producing such their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Admin iftra tion or Assignment; every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit treble Pawnbroker to the Value of such Goods and Chattels to the Person or Persons by whom, or on whose Account such forfeit treble Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to be recovered llie value by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Summonfrs and Gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken or received, for any Summons or Summonses, Warrant war ants to 1 e

or Warrants, granted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this act, so far as ^ued wllll0ut

the same relates to Goods and Chattels pawned, pledged, taken in Exchange, or unlawfully dif ee' posed of.

XIV. And whereas the Occupiers of many licensed Public Houses, and of other Houses wherein Refer to Z Go, ' Wines and Liquors are sold, frequently suffer Gaming therein, and Journeymen, Labourers, Servants 2. 34.

and Apprentices, by Means of such Gaming therein, not only mif spend their Time, but are often reduced to Poverty and great Distress Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Publicans per from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, if any nutting Joumry person or Persons licensed to sell any Sorts of Liquors, or who shall sell, or suffer the same to be sold, nien', e to in his, her or their House or Houses, or in any Outhouses, Ground or Apartments thereto belonging, 1 ", L

shall knowingly suffer any Gaming with Cards, Dice, Draughts, Shuffle Boards, Mississippi or Billiard Tables, Skittles, Nine Pins, or with any other Implement of Gaming, in his, her or their Houses,

Outhouses, Ground or Apartments thereto belonging, by any such Journeymen, Labourers, Servants or Apprentices; and shall be convicted of the said Offence on their own Confession, or on the Oaths of one forfei: 409. or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, within six Days after any such Offence shall be committed, he, she or they so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and for every like Offence which he, she or they shall afterwards and for every be convicted of, before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, he, she or they so offending shall for frequent Ot > feit the Sum of ten Pounds; all which Sums of Money so forfeited, shall be levied by Distress and Sale |^ncje' of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from the justice or Justices before whom such Of distress and Sale, sender or Offenders shall be convicted; and which Warrant every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and authorised to grant; and three Fourths of all Sums which shall be so forfeited shall, on the Recovery thereof, be paid to the Churchwardens of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish; the other fourth thereof shall be paid to the Person or Persons on whose Information the Party or Parties offending shall have been convicted of the Offence.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth On Complaint of Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, if any Journeyman, Labourer, Apprentice or Servant, shall game in any House, outhouses - or Apartments thereto belonging, wherein any fkkiqtjfes W liquors shall be ibid, and Complaint thereof shall bcmiade on Oath before any Justice or Justices of the to iirue his Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, where the Offence shall have been Warrant for ap

committed,

every such Justice or Justices shall thereupon issue his or their Warrant to some Constable, preher Tythingman, Headborough or other Peace Officer of the Parish, Precinct or Place wherein the Offence them shall be charged to have been committed, or where the Offender shall reiide, to apprehend and carry

_ every

t

ending

7 8 C 24.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

who upon con vidlion, ire to forfeit not exceeding ao s. less than 5 s.

nor

Offender not paying the For feiture, to be committed to hard Labour.

Justice, upon comp.aint, to every such Offender before some Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding r, '?

City, Liberty or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offenffr're

if the Person who shall be apprehended shall be convicted of the than forfeit any's um not cred.b e Witness or Witnesses, or on his own Confession, every fft^e or justices before whom any such exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five bhilhn^san j order, every Time he so offend and b. c. Offender or Offenders shall be convicted j^f such Money so forfeited shall, on the Conviction of any convicted as aforefijjfkhdtfrs, fie paid to the Person or Persons on whose Information the Party or Parties £ffeyio?ng shall be convicted, and the other three Fourths thereof shall be applied for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish for that Purpose; and if the Party who shall be convicted of the Offence last mentioned, shall not forthwith pay down the said sum so forfeited by him, any such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his Hand, or their Hands, commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, or some other Prison, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, in which be shall be apprehended; there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month, or until he shall pay the Sum of Money so forfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, and

issue his Warrant be and t'ney js and are hereby required, upon Complaint made to him upon Oath of any Offence commit off nlit"before tet* asa'n^ 'his Act, within the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, to ihue bimn IS^Sis Warrant for bringing before him, or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, the Person or Persons charged with such Offence; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons shall be brought, is hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and to proceed to Judgement and Conviction thereupon, as by this Act is directed; if it shall appear by Oath of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, that any Person or Persons, within the ju rifdiction of such Justice or Justices, can give or offer material Evidence on Behalf of the Prosecutor, agai 11st any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on Behalf of the Person accused, and who will not voluntarily appear before such Justice or Justices to be examined, and and may sum give his, her or their Evidence, concerning the Premisses; every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby pnon Witnesses. authorised and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Person or Persons within his or their Jurisdiction before him or them, to be examined upon Oath concerning the Premises; if any Person lo summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear on such Summons, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or Retufal, then (after Proof by Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon him, her or them for that Purpose) any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their Warrant to bring every such Witness and Witnesses, within his or their ju rifdidtion, before him or them; and on the Appearance of any such Witness before any such Justice or Justices, any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered to examine upon Oath every such Witness; if any such Witness, on his or her Appearance, or being brought before any such Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premisses, without offering any just cause for such Refusal, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit every Person so refusing to the public Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place, in which the Person or Persons lo refusing to be examined on Oath shall be brought before any such Justice or Justices, there to remain for any Time not exceed materiaiwitness ing three Months, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct 5 and if, on such Examination, any such may ic bound Justice or Justices shall deem the Evidence of any such Witness or witncftcs to be material, any such over togiveevi Justice or Justices may bind over any such Witness, unless a Feme Covert, or one under the Age of twenty-one Years, by Recognisance, in a reasonable Penalty, to appear and give Evidence at the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, or Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, as in such Recognisance shall be mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Persons charged on Oath with being guilty of any of the Offences punishable by this Act, and which shall require Bail, shall b. c. admitted to Bail before twenty-four Hours Notice, at leal!, shall be proved by Oath to have been given in Writing to the Prosecutor, of the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons proposed to be Bail for any such Offender or Offenders, unless the Bail offered shall be well known to the Justice or Justices, and he and they shall approve of them; and every such Offender and Offenders, who shall be bound over to the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, or Gaol Delivery, of the County, City, or Town wherein the Offence charged on him shall have been committed, to answer any such Offences punishable by this Act,

the Court pjt off fh.dl be tried at such General Quarter sessions of the Peace, or Sessions of Oyer and Tet miner and Gaol Delivery which shall b. c. held next after his, her or their being apprehended, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Cause made out to them.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, Trials and other Proceedings in Pursuance of this Actor in Relation to any Matter or Thing herein contaii.cj, any Inhabitant of the Parish, 'lown or Place, in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his, her or their being an Inhabitant or inhabitants of the Parish, Town or Place wherein any such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

and if the Witness refuses to give Evidence, he may b. c. com mined to hard Labour.

dence before Court.

Offenders not to be admitted to Bail, till due Notice has been given to the Prt jccutor, frc. Offender to be tried at the next Session, unless

the Tiial.

Inhabitants where the Offence is committed, deemed competent wit nelfej.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom Con vision to be any Person shall be convicted, in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction drawn up in the to be drawn up in the Form or to the Efted following; that is to say, following form;

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 24.

To wit.

BE it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of his majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of or for the Riding or Division of the said

County of or for the City, Liberty or Town of (as the Case fall happen

to be) for and the said do adjudge him or her to pay and forfeit for the same, the Sum of

Given under

the Day and Tear aforesaid.

And the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same so drawn up, in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next Gen, ral Quarter session of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, own, Libel ty or Place, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or quar ter seflicns; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted, shall appeal from the Judgement of the said Justice or Justices, to the said General or Quarter sessions, the Justices in such General or Quarter sessions are hereby required upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act; any Law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Indictment, Convidon or other Proceedings had thereon in Pursuance of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person convicted of any Offences punishable by this Act, shall think him or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted. such Persons shall have Liberty to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Judgement shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgement shall, in such Case, be suspended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognisance at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forth coming, to abide the Judgement and Determination of the Justices in their said next General or Quarter sessions; which Recognisance the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, is hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon the hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgement of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter sessions shall award to be paid, for defraying the Expenses sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal; or in Default of making such Payments shall suffer the respective Pains and Penalties by this Act inflicted upon Persons respectively, who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective Sums or Forfeitures by this Act to be paid by, or imposed upon, Persons respectively, who shall be convicted by Virtue of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who, by Virtue of this Act, shall be punished for any Offence or Offences by him, her or them committed, shall be punished for the same Offence or Offences, under any other Law or Satute; and that if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law, for Recovery of his or their Costs.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the rendering the Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office and for indemnifying Constables and others aiding in Obedience to their warrant, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Justice or Justices of the Peace acting under the Authority or in Execution of this Act; and no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, or Writ ifl ued out, or Copy or Writ served upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for anything done in the Execution of this Act, until notice in Writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party commencing such Action, or suing out or serving

ard to be written on Parchment, and transmitted to the Quarter sessions to be filed.

Justices at the Quarter sessions to determine Appeals.

Indictment or Conviction not removeable by Certiorari. Appeal may be made to the quarter sessions;

and Execution respited, the Party enttr ng into Recognisance to prole cue the Appeal,

Justices to determine the Appeal, and award Costs. On Affirmation or the Judgement, Appellant to pay the Fine and Costs.

None to be pu

[General Issue.]

niftied a second Time for the same Offence.

Double Costj,

Clause in Act 24 G. 2. C 44. extended to Justices acting under this Act.

Notice to be given to Peace Officer before commencing Suit against him,

m

80 C 25. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

jt>«rx

encer ot Amends my fce te made by him,

and pleaded in i.'r.r of the ac ten.

If none, CV ini' lfiicieiii '1 encer has been made, Pjjinfiff, upon a Verdict, to recover.

ving the Copy of the said Writ; which said Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is to bring such Action, together with the Cause of Ablion or Complaint; and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney shall be under wrote or endorsed thereon; and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and may by Virtue of this Act, at any Time within fourteen Days after such Notice, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the said Attorney; and if the same is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Actions, may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Iflite, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if upon ifl ue joined upon such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become non Chit or discontinue his Action, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or De fendants upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall he entitled to his and their Costs; and if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, and aiio shall find against the Defendant or Defendants on such other Plea or Pleas by them pleaded, the said Jury shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, for which the Plaintiff shall have Judgement, together with his, her or their full Costs.

CAP. XXV.

i irfutner Ltnes car.ccrr.irgftlir.tij

An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

P. (3 t.l. c. 3.

1; o 1^ Car. 2 C

The King to if fne forth Letters of l'eutcr.ancy for the respective Counties,

The Lieutenants to a.tenable and a: CI the Militia.

s5 Car. 2. C 4. 10 Cf j 1 //'. 3. C 11. 1 arn. ft. z, C 23. I Geo. I. Jl. 2. C 14. t) Geo. 1. c. 8. 7 Geo. 2. c. 23.

WHEREAS a well ordered and well disciplined Militia is essentially necessary to the Safety, Peace and Prospeiity of this Kingdom: And whereas the Laws now in Being for the Regulation of the Militia are defective and ineffebtual be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors may and shall issue forth Commissions of Lieutenancy for the respective Counties, Ridings and Places herein after mentioned; and the respective Lieutenants thereby appointed shall have full Power and Authority to call together all such Persons, and to arm and array them at such Times and in such Manner as is herein after expressed; such respective Lieutenants shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, qualified as is herein after directed, and living within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants; the Names of such Persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; and shall give Commissions to a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and other Officers, also qualified as is herein after directed, to train and discipline the Persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after provided; and shall certify to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Names of such Commission Officers, within one Month after they shall be so appointed, and shall have accepted their respective Commissions.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, hat nothing herein contained shall be construed to vacate any Commission of Lieutenancy alieady granted by his Majesty, nor any Deputations granted to Deputy Lieutenants; but that the same shall continue in full Force and Vigour for the Purposes of this Act, so as the said Deputy Lieutenants be qualified as is herein after directed.

III. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant of every County, Riding or Place shall have the chief Command of the Militia thereof, which shall be raised by Virtue of this Act; and in every County, Riding or Place in England and J vales, (except as is herein after excepted) there shall be appointed twenty or more Deputy Lieutenants, if lo many Persons, qualified as is herein before and after expressed, can be therein found; and if twenty Persons so qualified cannot be therein found, then there shall be appointed so many Persons as can be therein found; and each Person so to be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel, shall be seized or possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession of a Freehold, of or Customary Estate for Life, or for some greater Estate, or of an Estate for some long Term of Years, determinable on one or more Life or Lives, in Manors, mcflti ages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in England, Wales or the lown of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Lltate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of eight hundred Pounds; and each Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel or Major, shall be in like Manner, seized or poffcf ftj of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, or shall he Heir Apparent ol some Person who shall be, in like Manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly \ due of six hundred Pounds; and each Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall he in like Manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be /!< ir Apparent of some Person who shall he, in like Manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of 1 he yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who flail he, or it the ime of his Death was in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the ycailv Value of six hundred Pounds; and that each Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant, shall he, in like Manner, leif cd or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds,

or

Commissions of Lieu enanry and Deputations already granted to 'land good.

L eutenants to have the Chief Command of the Mili'ia.

Number of Deputy Lieutenants in each County. Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel to have 4c0l. per Annum, or he Heir to Sool. per Annum.

Lieutenant Colonel or Major 300 I, per Annum.

1 -, t. yn],

r ai.i.orn.

*»' ..rt tct I tin..; n,

C 2 5

8 r.

or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seized

or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; and each Person so to

be appointed an Ensign, shall be, in like Manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his

Death was, in like Manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety of which said Estates, required as Qualifications for each Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant and Ensign respectively, shall be situate or arising within such respective County or Riding in which he shall be so appointed to serve.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the Purposes of the respective Qualifications required by this AI, the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and in Manors, Meftungrs, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which are leased for one, two or three Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable upon the Death of one, two or three Life or Lives on reserved Rents, and which are to the Lessee or Lessees of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate herein before described as a Qualification of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, and foin Proportion, be the said Qualifications of a greater or id's Degree; anything in this AI contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Officer may be promoted on Account of Merit in the said Militia, when called out and assembled, in case of a£iual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion, by the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, from a lower to an higher Commission, inclusive of that of Lieutenant Colonel, notwithstanding he should not have the Qualifications requisite for his first Admittance into such higher Rank of the Militia.

VI. Provided, That no Person, not having the Qualification herein before directed for a Captain, shall be promoted to an higher Rank than that of Captain.

who want a Qualificatio

Ensign 501. per Annum.

One Moiety of the Estates to be within the County for which they serve.

What shall be deemed equal ta an Estate of iool.

Officers may be promoted, in extraordinary Oc

but none higher than Captain', n for that Rank.

VII. Provided also, That the Qualifications above recited, to enable any Person to be a Deputy Lieutenant, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant or Ensign, shall not extend to such commissions as shall be granted by his Majesty's Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, shall from Time to Time, as he and they shall think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to his and their Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, to displace all or any such Deputy Lieutenants and Officers; and thereupon his Majesty's respective Lieutenants shall appoint others within the same County, Riding or Place, under the like Qualifications, to serve in their Stead.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Deputy Lieutenant and Commission Officer in the Militia shall, within six Months next after he shall have accepted his Commission, leave with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place, in and for which he shall be so appointed, his Qualification in Writing, signed by himself; and such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to enter the same upon a Roll to be kept for that Purpose; every Deputy Lieutenant and Commission Officer shall, at some General Quarter session holder) for the County, Riding or Place for which he shall be so appointed, or in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ivefhninster, within six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken in and by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government; and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; and shall also make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act mentioned.

X. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferred on Deputy Lieutenants. Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels or Majors, (not being qualified as aforesaid) or shall not, within the Time herein before limited, deliver in such Qualification, and take the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferred on Captains, Lieutenants or Ensigns (not being qualified as aforesaid) and shall not, within the Time herein before limited, deliver in such Qualification, and take the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; such several Penalties to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jtefminster, wherein no eftoin, Wager of Law or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the Uses herein after directed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend to oblige any Peer of this Realm to serve in the Militia personally, or by substitute; to restrain his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place from appointing any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, to be a Deputy Lieutenant or Commission Officer in the Militia within the County, Riding or Place wheretuch Peer or Heir Apparent of such Peer shall respectively have some Place of Residence; or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer (so appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commission Officer respectively) to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Place for which he shall be so appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid; but it shall be lawful for every Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer so

Recited Qualifications not to extend to the Tower or Tower Hamlets.

Deputy Lieutenants and Officers may be displaced at his Majesty's Pleasure.

Their Qualifications to be left with the Cleric of the Peace, and filed.

They are to take the Oaths, &c. appointed by I Geo. 1. ft. C.

200 1. penal'v on Deputy Lieutenants, and all above the Degree of Captains;

and tool, on Captains, and thafe under, acting if not qualified, &c.

Peers exempted from serving;

but they and their Heirs Apparent may be appointed Deputy Lieutenants or Commission Of" fice.s.

CS.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

A Commission

appointed and taking the Oaths, and making, repeating and subscribing the Declaration aforesaid, to at as a Deputy Lieutenant or Commission Officer respectively, although he hall not be seized or possessed of any such Estate in Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as is required by this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Militia shall not

does net vacate a vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

satin Parlia 1

S; at in Parliament.

At the End of Years, such a Number of Officers to be discharged.

Adjutant from the king sforces to be appointed to each Regiment,

Sergeants to be appointed cut of the Army;

and to be inti tled to Chelsea Hospital.

Sergeants appointed from thence, to be readmitted,

alehouse keep ers, &c. difquaii. fieri from being Sergeant. Number of private Men to be raised in each County,

Recited J 11

c.ci. z C a6

3'A

XIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with three or more Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, and on the Death, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any five or more of them shall, at the End of every four Years, at their annual Meeting, discharge such a Lfumber of the Officers of the Militia (not exceeding one Field Officer of each Regiment or Battalion, and one third Part of the whole Number of Officers of each inferior Rank respectively) as shall be equal to the Number of Persons who shall be fit and willing to serve as Officers in the Militia of such County, Riding or Place, and shall be duly qualified for such Ranks according to the Directions of this Act; and such Lieutenant shall appoint such Persons to serve as Officers in the Room of the Officers so discharged as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors may and shall appoint one proper Person, who hall have served, or shall at the Time of such Appointment, a«5tually serve in some of his Majesty's other Forces, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment or Battalion of Militia in each County, Riding or Place respectively; and such Adjutant shall, during his Service in the said Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors may and hall also appoint, according to the Proportion of one Sergeant to twenty private Men, two or more proper Persons to be Sergeants to every Company in the said Militia, out of and from his Majesty's other Forces, such Persons having served in the said Forces for the Space of three Years next preceding their Appointment to be Sergeants as aforesaid, or may appoint such other Persons to be Sergeants as aforesaid, as have formerly served for the Space of three Years in his Majesty's said Forces; and the Service in the Militia of such Persons so appointed out of his Majesty's said Forces, shall entitle them to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital, in the same Manner as if they had continued to serve in the said Forces; and every Person appointed to be a Sergeant as aforesaid, out of the Pensioners on the establishment of Chelsea Hospital be entitled to be put again upon the said Establishment after he shall be discharged from the Service of the Militia, provided he brings a Certificate of his good Behaviour, under the Hand of the Colonel or commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion in which he hall have served as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall keep any House of public Entertainment, or who shall sell any Ale, Wine, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being or continuing a Sergeant in the Militia.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Number of private Men to be raised by Virtue of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed (exclusive of the Places herein after excepted) shall be

For the County of Bedford, four hundred.

For the County of Berks, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Bucks, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of che/ler, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Connuall, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand six hundred. For the County of Dorset, with the own and County of the Town of Pool, six hundred and forty. For the County of Durham, four hundred.

For the County of Essex, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester> and the City and County of the City of Bristol, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Lancaster, eight hundred.

For the County of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

For the Tower Division in the County of Middlesexi commonly called The Tower Hamlets, one thousand one hundred and sixty.

And for the rcpc of the County of Middlesex, one thousand six hundred.

For the County of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty.

I or

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 83,

For the County of Northampton, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Oxford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Salop, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Somerset, eight hundred and forty.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfeld, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Suffolk, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Surry, eight hundred.

For the County of Sussex, eight hundred.

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Westmorland, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Wilts, eight hundred.

For the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, one thousand two hundred and forty.

For the North Riding of the said County, seven hundred and twenty.

And for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, four hundred.

For the County of Anglesea, eighty.

For the County of Brecknock, one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Caermarthen, with the County Borough of Caermarthen, two hundred.

For the County of Carnarvon, eighty.

For the County of Denbigh, two hundred and eighty.

For the County of Flint, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Glamorgan, three hundred and sixty.

For the County of Merioneth, eighty.

For the County of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford West, one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Radnor, one hundred and twenty.

XVII. Provided, That there hall not be more than three Commission Officers (that is to say) one Three oiticm Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign, to eighty private Men j and foin Proportion, as near as may allowed to 80 be, to any greater or leiter Number of private Men. private Men.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding where too large or Place, hall think that too large a Proportion of private Men is by this Act directed to be raised for a Proportion of such County, Riding or Place, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Privy Council, upon Application made Men is directed, to them by any such Lieutenant, to fix as near as may be, the Number of private Men, which shall be the Privy coun furnished from the List of that County, Riding or Place io complaining, by the Proportion which the the famet20^whole Number returned in all the Lists bears to the whole Number of the Militia by this Act direifted to

be raised; all which Lifts his Majesty's Lieutenants of each County, Riding or Place respectively, are hereby required to transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council.

XIX. and. be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenants, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants and Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenants, the De Deputy lieute puty Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall meet once in every Year at some City or principal nants, [° meet Town of the County, Riding or Place for which they shall be commissioned, or oftener, if they shall afte^r.y r think fit, there to concert such Measures as shall be most conducive to the faithful Execution of this Act;

the first of which Meetings for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven shall be on the Meeting to twelfth Day of July, and for every subsequent Year on the first Tuesday in June, and shall at their first ^eoj? ^iuiy, and Meeting, iitue out their Orders to the Chief Constable, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some onti^ other Officer of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions within their re tuesday in June, speflive Counties, Ridings or Places, to return to them upon a Day, and at a Place therein to be men Orders to be then tioned, fair and true Lists in Writing of all Aden usually, and at that Time dwelling within their respecti'tued to the con tive Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, between the Ages of eighteen and fifty Years (all Peers of this Realm; all Persons who shall serve or aft as Deputy Lieutenants, or Commission Men, between Officers in the Militia; all Persons ailually serving as Commission Officers in any Regiment, Troop or the Ages of is Company in his Majesty's other Forces, or in any of his Majesty's Castles or Forts; all Persons being ni 5o Weirs

M z^Members perfo"s cx*

cept d.

8+

C

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Chief Constables t orc ei the i'a rish Osiers to make such Returns.

maje.

Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants to meet and appoint the

to serve. Deputy lieute n ints to fubdi

vridun a Month;

Members of either of the Universities, Clergymen, Teachers and Preachers of separate Congregations, Constables, and other Peace Officers, and Parish Officers; articled Clerks, Apprentices, Seamen and seafaring Aden excepted) distinguishing the Numbers in each Parish, Tithing or Place, and which of the Persons lo returned labour under any Infirmities incapacitating them from serving as Militia Men; for which Purpose such Chief Constables, or other Officers, and every of them, are hereby authorised and required, by Order under their Hands, to require the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of each Parish, Tything or Place within their relpeulive Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to return to them upon a Day, and at a Place in such Order to be mentioned, fair and true Lists in Writing of all such Men as aforesaid, usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, with the Distiniftions before described, having first: Copy to be affixed affixed a true Copy thereof on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish, Tything or on the Door of pace; if any Place, being Extra parochial, hall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, on sunda^before16 Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, on the Sunday Morning the "return is before they shall make such Return; and his Majesty's Lieutenants, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Absence of his Majesty's said Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall on the Day, and at the Place on which they shall have so ordered such Lists to be returned, meet and appoint what Number of Persons in each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division as aforesaid, shall serve in the said Militia, towards raising the Number of Militia Men Number otmen hereby ordered and directed to be raised for such respetflive County, Riding or Place, in Proportion to the whole Number contained in such Lists; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall afterwards subdivide themselves; any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in case three Deputy Lieutenants hall not meet, then any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace for such County, T bdivffions Riding or Place, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two fifth Justices of the Peace, shall within one Month after the said second General Meeting, meet within the respective Subdivisions, at a Time and Place to be appointed by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or one of them; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any one or more of them, shall before such Meeting issue out an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to return upon the Day and at the Place of Meeting so appointed, true Copies of the Lists so by them returned, to his Majesty's said Lieutenant, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at their second General Meeting as aforesaid; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace so aflcnibled in the said Subdivisions, shall (after hearing any Person who hall think, himself aggrieved by having his Name inserted in such Lists, or by any others being omitted) direct such Lists to be amended, and appoint what Number of Men in each respective Parish, Tything or Place, shall serve in the said Adilitia, in Proportion to the whole Number contained in the Lists to serve or such Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions as aforesaid; shall immediately efe to causethem cause them to be chosen by Lot out of the whole Numb er ofmen liable to serve for each respective Parish, Tything or Place; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any one or more of them, shall appoint another Meeting to be held within three Weeks in the same subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Conicables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other w'eeksafter1 "nd Divisions, to diredft the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of each Parish, Tything Notice to the or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Adilitia, to appear at such Meeting j i'erfonschofcnto which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at Jeaft seven Days before such Meeting; and attend'; who are every Person so chop 11 by Lot, shall upon such Notice appear at such Meeting, and there take the Oaths

...directed to be taken, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in and by the said Aift:

passed in the first Year of his late Majesty King George; which Oaths and Declaration any one Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorised then and there to administer; shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such respective County, Riding or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of three Years, in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose, or shall provide a fit Person (to be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace then met) to serve as his Substitute; which Substitute so provided and approved, shall take the said Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, and iign his Consent on the said Roll, to serve as his Substitute during the said Term; and if any Person so chosen by Lot to serve in the said mi li.ia (not being one of the People called Qtiakers) fhnij refuse or neglect to take the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, and to serve in the said Adilitia, or to provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, and flgn his Consent to serve as his Substitute; every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum are liable to ierva of ten Pounds, and at the End of three Years be appointed to serve again.

ar,'n

XX. And be it cnatfled, That the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two

ttn nij \ rr cr Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, toge ort also nail), 'anti 'her with any two Justices of the Peace, shall meet in the several Subdivisions, from time to time, ns annjilly on the often as they shall think necessary, for the due Execution of this at; and one of the said Meetings in 'r ucftijy bo fora every Year shall be on Tuesday in the Week before Michaelmas Day; and if any Man serving in the said m.cluirimn; Militia, being of the Age of thirty-five Years or upwards, and having served two Years in the Militia, th Vi's'to such defue his Discharge; if any Person whatsoever shall show any just Cause for his Discharge;

a 'h.^vc aright may and shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two dc ihemo, 'puty

and after lading the Lift?, and Number of Men

to be chosen by Lot.

Another Meeting within three

then to take the Oaths, c. according 1 Geo. 1. flat. z. C 13. and are to be enrolled to serve as private Men for three Years, or provide fit bubfti utes. '

Persons rrfufing to serve, Scc. forfeit tol.

and at the End of three Years

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C. 25. 85

A.D. 1757.

puty Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, at their said annual Meetings for the respective Subdivisions, to dif and to fill up by charge such Person from serving in the said Militia; and in the Stead of the Persons so discharged, and Lot all Vacatl" also if there shall be any other Vacancy by Death, or otherwise, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any three cus' or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall cause a like Number of other Persons to be chosen by Lot out of the Lists of such Parishes, Tythings or Places where such Vacancies shall happen, unless the Person by whom any such Vacancy shall be made, served as a Substitute; which calc the Person for whom he served shall himself serve, or provide another Substitute for the Remainder of the three Years unexpired from his having provided his first Substitute; Persons so Persons cho en chosen, or Substitutes so provided and approved as aforesaid., shall take the said Oaths, and make, repeat oathv^c and and subscribe the said Declaration; and every Person so chosen shall be enrolled, and every Substitute so be^inrolled"^f*ov ided shall subscribe his Consent to serve, and shall serve in the said Militia for the Space of three Years, or for the Remainder of the three Years unexpired, subject to the Directions, Provisions and Penalties in this act contained.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Militia Man shall, if he change the Place of Private Man, his Abode, continue actually bound to serve in the Militia of the Parish, Tything or Place to which he changing his shall so have removed, until his three Years Service shall be completed; and if the Quota to the Militia /"v^in the^ of the Parish, Tything or Place to which he shall so have removed, be full, he shall, on the first Vacancy, p]acebe removes be enrolled to serve in the Militia thereof, until the whole Term of three Years actual Service be com to, and to give pleted; and every such Militia Man sir all, before he change the Place of his Abode, give Notice thereof previous Notice to any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or to any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one o; VS Removal Justice of the Peace, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, at some public Meeting, or to one Deputy Lieutenant, who shall give to such Militia Man a Certificate of the Time he shall have served in the Militia of the respective Parish, Tything or Place, from his Inrollment to serve in the same; and if such Certificate shall have been given by one Deputy Lieutenant only, such Deputy Lieutenant shall certify the same to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace at their next Meeting within such Subdivision; if any Militia Man so changing the Place of his Abode, shall On Neglect of not give Notice as aforesaid, such Militia Man so neglecting, and thereof convicted on Oath before one eivins such or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and if suchice' he tur e'ts Offender shall refule immediately to pay such Penalty, it shall be levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods 20 "and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale to such Offender, upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid; for want of such Distress, such Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one Month.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any New Lids to be two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, made out, and together with any two Justices of the Peace in the several Subdivisions, shall yearly cause new Lists in returned l the the several Parishes, Tythings or Places within the same, to be made as is before directed, and to be re turned to them at their said annual Meetings in the several Subdivisions; shall in every third Year annualmeetings appoint what Number of Persons shall serve for each Parish, Tything or Place; and final cause a sufficient and every thud Number of Persons to be chosen by Lot, in the Room of such Persons as shall have served three Years, Year the num and of those who shall have been discharged; which Persons so chosen shall take the said Oaths, make, her of Men to repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, and be enrolled in Manner aforesaid, so that by Rotation all aj ^ed° nd Persons not excepted by this act, 'living in such Parishes, Tythings or Places, may serve Personally or by chosen by Lot, Substitute, for the Space of three Years; and shall be subject to, and under the directions, Provisions c. and Penalties in this act contained; and no Militia Man having served as a Substitute, shall by such No Substitute to Service be excused from serving for himself, when he shall be chosen by Lot as aforesaid; the said beexcufed from Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any pe(vln& r him one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, e f'. shall transmit to his Majesty's Lieutenant true Copies of the said Rolls, within fourteen Days after their p'sest°fb'hs respective Meetings for that Purpose; if any Chief Constable, or other Officer of any Hundred, Rape, transmiued to Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, the Lieutenant, of any Parish, Tything or Place, shall refuse or neglect to return such Lists from time to time, or to Constables or comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from time to time receive from his Majesty's Lieu other Officer tenant, and the said Deputy Lieutenants or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants,>eg!e£ting the fr together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Ju ^fp^ujr suiitjr ftices of the Peace, in pursuance of this act, or shall in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or '

wilful Partiality, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to imprison in the common Gaol of the respective County or place, such Chief Constable or other Officer of any Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division; such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place; maybe imprison there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one Month; or at their Discretion, to fine edioronemontft, such Officer in any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor under forty Shillings; such Fine to be levied by °qned> not ex Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any sqs>nor

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

86 C 25.

three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or of any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with anyone Justice of the Peace, or of any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charge of such Distress and Sale, to such Officer upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no private Man, personally serving for himself in the said Militia, during the Time of his serving as a Militia Man, illal 1 be liable to do personally any Highway Duty, commonly called statute work, or to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer; nor shall such private Man be liable to serve in any of his Majesty's Land Forces, by virtue of any act for recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces, unless he shall consent thereto.

None having

XXIV. Provided always, That no Person having personally or by Substitute served three Years in the served three Militia, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it comes to his Turn.

Year', is liable

to feive again but in Rotation,

Pi ivate Man

serving for himself is exempted fresh feveisl du tices and Offices.

The same Liberty granted to married Men, if tailed out in Cases 01 public Danger, to see up Trades.

as by 22 Geo. i. C 44. is gi anted to Mariners or Soldieis.

If a Quaker be xhofen and re i'use to serve, or provide a Substitute, Deputy Lieutenants aie to provide one, and levy the Expense by Distress and Sale.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Man having personally served in the Militia, when called out and assembled in case of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion, and being a married Man, may setup and exercise any such Trade as he is apt and able for, in any Town or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, without any Let, Suit or Molestation, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by Reason of the using of such Trade, as freely, and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities of that Part of Great Britain called England, as any Mariner or Soldier may do, by an Act passed in the twenty second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable such ojfi cers± Mariners and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service fmee his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades.

XXVI. And be be it enacted, That if any Person, being one of the People called Quakers, shall be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear and to take the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, and to serve in the said Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oaths, make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker; then and in every such Case, any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a nt Person, who shall take the said Oaths, make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration, and subscribe his Consent to serve in the said Militia for the Space of three Years, as the Substitute of such Quaker; and any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, are hereby impowered and required to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary to defray the Expense of providing and hiring such Person to serve in the said Militia for the Space of three Years, as the Substitute of such Quaker so refuting or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Quaker, upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid; in case any Measures shall be used in making Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain thereof to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace at their next Meeting, who are hereby impowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That within one Month after the said Rolls are so returned from the Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall meet together, and form and order the Militia for their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, into Regiments, consisting, where the Number of Militia Men will admit the same, of twelve, but in no case of lei's than seven Companies, of forty Men each at the least, of Persons living as near to each other as conveniently can he; and shall post to each Company proper Officers commissioned and qualified as aforesaid, and other proper non commission Officers; and the Militia so formed and ordered shall be trained and exercised in Manner following; that is to say, In half Companies on the sir It Monday in the Months of March, April, May, June, July, August, September, and October, and in Companies on the third Monday in the said Months, at each Place of Excreife, or so many, not amounting to half Companies or Companies respectively, living within the Distances herein after mentioned, as can be conveniently brought towther; and in Regiments or by Battalions on the Tuesday, wednesday, Thursday and Friday in ifhitf u Wuk, in every Year, at Places of Exercise to be appointed within the respective Counties, Ridings or Places by his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Ahleiwe of the said Lieutenant, by any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, as convenient with pari 'o the respective Abodes of the Militia Men as may be, and Io as such Militia Men may not be obliged to go above hx Miles from Home to perform such Exercise in Half Companies or

Notice of the Companies; and Notice of the several Places of Exercise to which the Militia Men of each Parish,

pt. 1 of f.xer

cik is to be lent to the Chief conpabks, £: C and by them 10 the i'arish Officers, who are to fix the same on the Church Doors,

If oppressive Mcdfurcs be used in making the Diitrcfs, Quaker upon Complaint, to be redieifed. within one Month aficr re urn of the Rolls, the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants are to rmet, ard fouil the milita into

rug.ments;

a.nj pull proper Giiicets to e ich Companj. Manner of training ard exv ci sing the Militia.

T ything

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 87

Tything or Place are to resort, shall be sent to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes or other Divisions, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings or Places within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions; Constables,

Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Parish Officers, shall cause such Notice to be fixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places j or if any Place being Extra parochial, shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything or Place thereunto adjoining j and all such Militia Men shall duly attend on the Days herein before mentioned, at the Times and Places of Exercise so to be appointed; and A Clerk, ser his Majesty's Lieutenant shall, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, appoint a Clerk, and also kant and Sergeant Major out of the Sergeants, and a Drum Major out of the Drummers, to each Regiment or appointed to Battalion. each Regiment.

XXVIII. Provided always, That if the principal Inhabitants of any Parish, Town or Place, or any five or more of them, shall represent to the Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one justice of the Pecce, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two justices of the Peace, at any Meeting in their Subdivision, in which such Parish, Town or Place is situate, that it is, upon Account of Fairs or Markets inconvenient to exercise the Militia Men on the Day appointed hv this act, it shall he lawful for any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, to order and direct the Militia Men within such Parish, Town or Place, to be exercised upon any other Day within that Week, Sunday excepted.

If it is inconve nienton Account of Fairs or Markets to exercise the Militia on the Day set by this A, they may be ex ercifid on any other Day in that Week, but Sunday.

XXIX. Provided also, That in any County, Riding or Place, where the Number of Men to be raised, Where thenum shall not amount to seven Companies, and therefore not be sufficient to form a Regiment, such Companies

shall be formed into a Battalion, and shall be under the Command of his Majesty's Lieutenant of mented° theyfie such County, Riding or Place, and one Field Officer, one Adjutant (who shall not be of higher Rank in to be formed into the Army than a Subaltern) one Sergeant Major, one Drum Major, and one Clerk, shall be appointed a Battalion, for the Battalion of Militia of such County, Riding or Place; and the whole Militia of such County, Ri and are to be ex ding or Place, shall on the Tuesday, wednesday, Fbur [day and Friday in Whitsun Week in every Year, be ereifed for four trained and exercised in the same Manner, as Regiments in other Counties are by this at directed to be Days in whufun

iitj70 1 Week annually.

brought together, trained and exercised,

Provided also, That where by reason of the Distance from the appointed Place of Exercise, a^be exer whole Company, or half Company of Militia Men cannot be got together, his Majesty's Lieutenant, toc, fed as shall be gether with any one or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any thought fit by two or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall order such smaller Numbers to be trained and exercised by such the Lieutenant, Person or Persons, and in such Place or Places as they shall think fit.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That one Commission Officer in every Company shall attend the Exercise Commission of

of his Men, when in Companies or in half Companies, as often as convenient, and shall then inspect theexerciseof the State, of their Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements, a Report whereof he shall forthwith transmit in companies or Writing to his Majesty's Lieutenant, or to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion. half Companies.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Captain of each Company of Militia shall keep in his own Cu cap ain to have stody, or leave and deposit with the several Sergeants belonging to his Company, or with such Persons the charge of as the said Captain shall appoint for that Purpose, the Arms, Clothes, and Accoutrements provided for ^sms^acnd0f his Company of Militia; and the Churchwardens of every Parish or Place where the said Arms, Clothes h'^company° and Accoutrements, are so deposited, or one of them is and are hereby required to provide, at the Ex an(j churchwar pence of such Parish or Place, a Chest, in which such Captain, Sergeant, or other Person so appointed ens to provide as aforesaid, shall keep the said Arms in some dry Part of his House or Dwelling, under Lock and Key, Chests.

and another Chest, in which he shall keep under Lock and Key, the said Clothes and Accoutrements; and the Sergeant, or such other Personas shall be appointed to train and discipline the Men, is hereby required to take Care, that after Exercise every Militia Man cleans and returns his Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements, to his Captain, or to such Personas shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding The King'9

or Place, or the Colonel of any Regiment of Militia, is hereby authorised, by Warrant under his Hand d>euienant, or and Seal, to employ such Person or Persons as he shall think fit, to seize and remove the Arms, Clothes ^jzfan^remov5' and Accoutrements, belonging to the Militia, whenever his Majesty's said Lieutenant, or the said Colo the Arms c. nel, shall judge it necessary to the Peace of the Kingdom, and to deliver the said Arms, Clothes and Ac when necessary coutrements, into the Custody of such Person or Persons as his Majesty's said Lieutenant, or the said Co to the publick lonel, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Purposes of this Act. Peace.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Sergeant, or any other Person intruded by the Captain with Person intruded

the Custody of any Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements belonging to the Militia, shall deliver out any such ^arms^c Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, unless for exercising the Men, or by the Command of his superior delivering out the Officer, or by the Order of any Justice of the Peace under his Hand and Seal, it may and shall be lawful same, unless for for any two or more Justices of the Peace to commit such Offender to the common Goal of the County, Exercise, or by Riding or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for prop rcom; any Time not exceeding six Months. _ vvv,

A AAV. And fimuuhs.

88 C 25

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Pay, Arms, Accoutrements or Clothing, hall be ifi ued, and that no Adjutant or Sergeants shall be appointed for the Adilitia of any f?er County, Riding or Place, till it shall appear by a Return signed by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in his in Absence, by three Deputy Lieutenants, that four fifths of the Militia Aden of the said County, Riding

No Pay, Arms or Clothing, to be issued, nor Adjutant or

ieant to be a? Absence, by three Ueputy Lieutenants, that tour tittns or me Militia ivien of the said Uounty, Kiding pointed, till tour or Place, have been chosen; that four fifths of the Commission Officers have been appointed; and fifths of the Men that they have taken out their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications.

and Officers have been appointed, T -

c*And be it enacted, That the Sergeant, or such other Person as shall be appointed to train

Names of the and difei pli northeast the Aden, shall call over the Names of the Militia Aden so appointed to be exercised;

Men to be called within one 'week, after every such Exercise, shall certify in Writing to forne neighbouring Justice of the over at Exercise, peace? the Names of the Adilitia Men absent from Exercise, with the Reasons of their Absence, if known and a Return to him; and the said Sergeant, or other Person appointed to train and discipline the Men, shall a Ho cer ot'^thvabfente'^ at ce ^ame Virne, if any of the said Adilitia Men be disobedient, or otherwise misbehave themselves;

.. such Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required, upon Proof then made upon Oath, to dlfobedienr 35 C ff|ic every such absent Adilitia Adan, whose Excuse he shall not allow of; for the first Time of his being and ti e Tuffict° abrbt, two Shillings; and if such Adilitia Adan shall refuse immediately to pay such Fine, such Adilitia may fine such" Man hall, by Order of the said Justice. set in the Stocks for the Space of one Hour; and for the fc absentce for the cond Offence, such Militia Alan so convicted as aforesaid, filial forfeit and pay four Shillings; and if iit Officncc 2s. such Militia Alan hall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Adilitia Alan shall be so convicted as aforesaid, filial 1 by Warrant commit such Adilitia Man to the House of Correction for the Space of four Days; and for the third and every other (jfence, such Adilitia Alan so convicted shall forfeit and pay six Shillings; and if such Adilitia Man filiali refuse immediately to.

pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Militia Man shall be lo convicted as aforesaid,

filial! by Warrant, commit such Militia Adan to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding one Month, or until such Penalty shall be paid; and if any Adilitia Adan shall be drunk at the Time of his exercising, such Adilitia Adan, being thereof convicted on Oath before some Justice of the Peace,

for the 2d Offence 4 s.

for the 3d, and eery other of lence 6s.

and if any Militia Man shall be drunk on his

Duty, lie forfeits shall forfeit and pay ten Shillings; and if such Adilitia Adan hall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, jos'.' such Militia Adan shall be, by Order of such Justice, set in the Stocks for one Hour; and if any Militia

if disobedient, for Adan shall be disobedient or insolent to his Officer, and be convicted thereof as aforesaid, such Militia the id Offence Adan shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay two Shillings and six Pence; and if such Militia Man shall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Militia Man shall be lo convicted as aforesaid, hall, by Warrant, commit such Adilitia Man to the House of Correction for the Space of four Days; and for the second Offence, such Adilitia Adan so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay five Shillings; and if such Militia Adan shall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Militia Adan shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant, commit such Militia Adan to the House of Correction for the Space of seven Days; and for the third and every other Offence, such Militia Adan so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay forty Shillings; and if such Adilitia Adan {itall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Militia Adan shall be so convicted as aforesaid shall, by Warrant, commit such Adilitia Adan to the House of Correction, for any Time not less than fourteen Days, nor exceeding one Month: And if any Militia Man hall fell, pawn or lose, any of his Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, such Militia Adan, being thereof convicted in Adanner aforesaid, hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding three Pounds; and if such Militia Man fill all refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Militia Adan shall be so convicted as aforesaid, hall, by Warrant, commit such Adilitia Man to the House of Correction for the Space of one Adonth, and until Satisfaction be made for the same; and if return h!s Arms, he shall not be of Ability to make such Satisfaction, then for the Space of three Months: And if any &£. he forfeits Militia Man shall refuse or neglect to return his Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements, in good Order, to s' d his Captain, or to such Person as shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, on the Day of Exercise,

or the next Day, such Militia Adan, lining thereof convicted as aforesaid, hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay two Shillings and six Pence; and if such Militia Adan shall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Militia Man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant, commit such Militia Adan to the House of Correction for the Space of seven nd if he neglect Days; and if any Militia Adan shall refuse or neglect to return his Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements, o return them in good Order, to his Captain, or to such Personas shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, on by Monday after or before the Monday after Whitsun Week, and be thereof convicted as aforesaid, such Adilitia Man hall" " and pay five Shillings; and if such Militia Man shall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Adilitia Man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant, commit such Adilitia Adan to the House of Correction for the Space of fourteen Days.

!'hf ('erson m

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if the Sergeant or other Person appointed by any Captain of the r.net a rhcrrwuh Adilitia, to receive and keep in his Custody the Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements thereto belonging, (na'.i noc com shall refuse or neglect to complain within three Days to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace of any !l*li?..!vn, u.(i'ce Militia man's not having returned his Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements, as before directed, such Sergeant or other Person appointed as aforesaid, being thereof convicted on Oath before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; which Penalty, if the Offender shall refuse immediately to pay the same, shall he levied hv Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice of the Peace before whom such Offender

shall

C s. G d.

for the 2d Offence 5 s.

end for the 3d and every other Offence 40 s.

and if nclell, ji.cwn or lose his Arms, Clothes, Acc. he forfeits 3!,

if he neglect to

vvhctfun Weel 5'

vsichin 3 liens, of any Arms or Clu thing not being returned, I.; forfeits 20 s.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 89

shall be so convicted as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, after deducting the Gbarges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender, upon whom such Distress hall have been made as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any non commission Officer of the Militia, or private Militia nton commi/n»n Man, shall be absent from the annual Meeting of the Militia, to which he hall belong, without just ?*cfr°r P, 1V3te Cause shown, such non commission Officer or private Militia Man, being thereof convicted upon Oath, with0uticrt before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, hall forfeit and pay ten Shillings for each Day of cause, from the such Absence; and if such non commission Officer or private Militia Man, shall refuse immediately to annual Meeting, pay such Penalty, the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such non commission Officer or pri so«fsits tos. per vate Militia Man shall be so convicted, hall, by Warrant, commit such non commission Officer or pri Dieir1'

vate Militia Man to the House of Correction for the Space of one Month.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any non commission Officer shall be negligent in his Duty, or info officet^ing'ne" lent or disobedient to the Orders of the Adjutant, or other his Superior Officer, and be thereof convicted giigem, inffilent, as aforesaid upon the Oath of the Adjutant, or other Superior Officer, before one or more Justice or Ju or disobedient, ftices of the Peace, such non commission Officer hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding thirty Shilorfeits ar)y Suin lings, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; if such non commission Officer hall refuse im " °tscxc£cain6 mediately to pay such Penalty, the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such non commission s'

Officer shall be so convicted as aforesaid, hall, by Warrant, commit such non commission Officer to

the House of Correction for the Space of fourteen Days, and his Majesty's Lieutenant may discharge such non commission Officer out of the Militia, if he hall think fit.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in Exchange, if any Person conceal or otherwise receive, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any Arms, Clothes or ffiaii unlawful. Accoutrements, belonging to the Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, the Person so of burr exchange, sending, being convicted thereof upon Oath before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall for ncealorre feit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and if such Offender shall refuse immedi armso"cloth ately to pay such Penalty, the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be so coning, he forfeits vidled as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or 5 I. f r tvery Justices, levy the same by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Over such Offence, plus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender upon whom such Distress hall have been made as aforesaid; for want of such Distress shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or shall cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer of the Militia, or private Militia Man, p0ne, ll3/0le shall be liable to any Penalty for or on Account of his Absence during the Time he shall be going to vote tl, j

at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time he shall be returning from such Time of going to Election. vote for a Member,

or returning.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all the Muskets delivered for the Service of the Militia, shall be marked distinctly in some visible Place, with the Letter M, and the Name of the County, Riding or Place, to which they belong.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the several Sergeants shall receive all their Military Orders, with respect to the training the Militia Men under their Care, from the Adjutant, and theii1 Superior Officers; and are hereby required to report, from Time to Time, all Crimes and Misdemeanours of the several Militia Men under their Command to their Adjutant, or Superior Officers, or to some Civil Magistrate, as the Case shall require.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Chief Constables, Petty Constables, tything men, Headboroughs, and other Officers of Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, Parishes, Tychings and Places, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, and the Dominion of ivalcs, shall, and they are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to the Justices of the Peace, and to his Majesty's said respective Lieutenants, and their Deputy Lieutenants, and to any of them, and to all to whom any Power or Authority is by this Act given, in the Execution of the Premisses.

XLV. And be it enacted, That in case of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion, it may and shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then sitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then sitting or in Being) to order and direct his Lieutenants, 'and on their Death or Removal, or in their Absence from their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all convenient Speed, to draw out and embody all the Regiments and Battalions of Militia of their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, herein appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall in his or their great Wisdom judge necessary, in such Manner as hait be best adapted to the Circutnstances of the Danger; and to put the said Forces under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be pleased to appoint over them; and to direct them to be led by their respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, for the Suppression of such Invasions and Rebellious: and the Vol. VIII N'Paid

- X

Muskets to be marked with aa (M) and the Name of ?he' County, see. Sergeants to receive Orders from the Adjutant, c, and to leport to him, &c. the Misdemeanours of the Men.

Ali Constables and aether Peace Officers, requned to be assisting. ill Execution of the Premises.

In case of Invasion or Rebellion, c, the King may order the Militia to be drawn out and embodied,

and put them under the Command of General Officers, and direct them to be led to an Parts of the Kingdom j

9o

C 25*

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

is*CIO ai»u until t ii' y inan uv Jtiuiiitu uy wiuti ui wen v^ummuiiuui^ vuu.cn,

5s and theirt0 rhcir respective Parishes or Places of Abode, remain under the Command of such General Officers, erstohave and shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of

and they are to Paid Officers of the Militia, and private Militia Men, shall from the Time of their being drawn out and at the6embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again, by Order of their Commanding Officers,

Forets

Office,

equal Rank with Soot receive, and no other; and the Officers of the Militia shall, during such Time as aforesaid, rank the Officer in with the Officers of his Majesty's other Forces of equal Degree with them as the youngest of their Rank;

and the Officers of the Militia, and private Militia Men, shall be hereby, during such Time as aforesaid, subjected and made liable to all such Articles of War, Rules and Regulations, as shall be then by al of Parliament in Force, for the Discipline and good Government of any of his Majesty's Forces in Great Britain \ anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and when they shall be returned again to their respective Parishes or Places of Abode, they shall be under the same Orders and and beingma.m |)jrcrijons only, ns they were before they were drawn out and embodied as aforesaid: if any Non

ed or wounded r\rt _ C i. it v. .*ir n 11.

are equally inti tied to Chelsea

Ho piial. vate oouner, ocionging to ms Majesty's other rorces: And it any Private Men net out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia march an) not appear aid march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man, being convicted Eccurcinj tu such thereof upon Oath, before two or more justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty

the Army; and they are 10 be subject to like Rules and Articles of War;

Orrie

forfe

In case of inva lion, or Rebellion, mentis to be furr.moned to meet, c.

Officers in the Militia and Ar

Pounds; and if inch Militia Man shall refuse immediately to pay such Penalty, the Justices of the Peace before who?n such Militia Man shall be so convicted, shall by Warrant commit such Militia Man to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where he shall have been so convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of twelve Months, or until he shall have paid the Penalty aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time (in case of atftual Invasion, or upon imminent lion' th taryia Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion) the Parliament shall happen to be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within fourteen Days, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament, upon such Day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen Days Notice of such Appointment; and the Parliament shall accordingly meet upon such Day, and continue to sit and at in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day,

- xlv11. And be it enacted, That no Officer serving in the Militia, when called out into actual Ser

my, are not to sit vice, shall sit in any court-martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his ma iiidifcrimiiuteiy jesty's other Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, sit in any court on Trial? for of martja| upon the Trial of any Officer or private Man serving in the Militia.

fences committed by the different Corps.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful for the Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables Officers and pri Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates, and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes. Men, when Tythings, Villages and other Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Parish, Tything, Village or Place, and for no others, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and private Men serving in the Militia, at the Times when they shall be called out to their annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, victualling houses, and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin by Retail.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in case of aifiual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion as aforesaid, it may and shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of any County, upon Order VI om Riding or Place, being duty thereunto required by an Order from his Majesty, or from his Majesty's the King, or Lieutenant, or from any Deputy Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, or from the Colonel, or other Chief Commission Officer upon the Place, of any Regiment, Company or Detachment of Militia, to 'ue out ^'s Warrant under his Hand, to the Chief Constables of Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, wapcn' for Carnat wor takes or Divisions, or to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the Parishes, the Tioofs, Tythings or Places, from, through, near, or to which any such Regiment or Company of Militia Men, or any Detachment or Troop thereof, shall be ordered to march, requiring such Chief Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers, to make such Provision for Carriages of the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Powder, Match, Bullets or other Warlike Materials, with able Men to drive such Carriages, as is and are mentioned in the Laid Order; but in case such sufficient Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, Division, Parish. or Place, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn unto him or them, issue his or their Warrant to the Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other such Officers of the next County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, Division, Paiiflt, Tything or Place for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency of Officer n to py Cart iages; and such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel or other Chief Commission Officer upon fons of of p|accj w)10 by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the said Justice of the Peace, shall demand such. a. an..£f, Carriages of such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wagon with five Horses shall travel j and the Sum of

one

called out to their annual Exercis*, a C to te quarter ed on Publick Houses:

In case of Inva f: nor rebel li ..-1, Justices,

Commanding Officer, care to ilfuc Warrants

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 25.

one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or with four Oxen and two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin Proportion for which 3 re for Carriages drawn by a less Number of Horses or Oxen; for which respective Sums so received, the ceipt is to be gi said Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, is hereby required to ven give a Receipt in Writing, to the Person or Persons paying the same; and such Chief Constable, Con and the confla liable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, hies are to order having Carriages within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, Parishes, Tythings or jc0

Places as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men according to the War ^for^ne"

rant aforesaid; Persons so ordered are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly, day's'journey; for one day's Journey, and no more; and in case the said Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, additional F.< headboroughs, or other Officers, shall be at any^charges for such Carriages over and above what is sore Fences to be received by them of his Majesty's said Lieutenant, the said Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, or other Chief countvo lt Officer as aforesaid, such Overplus shall be born by each County, Riding or Place where such additional uumy t<x Expense shall be incurred, and be repaid to them without Fee or Reward, by the Treasurer of each re spe£live County, Riding or Place, out of the public Stock.

L And be it enacted, That if any such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or Constables. &<-. Officer, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of any Justice of the Peace; neglecting their or if any Person appointed by such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Uuty fcrte, t nt Officer, to provide or furnish any such Carriage and Man, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to provide the nort fs tlnvos. same, every such Offender shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor' less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Tything or Place where such Offence shall be committed; and every such Offence shall and may be heard and determined by two Justices of the Peace within the County, Riding or Place where such Offence shall be committed; which Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Matter or Thing herein con Militia not liable tained, shall be deemed or construed to extend to the giving or declaring any Power for the transporting to blm^rcj^ any of the Militia of this Realm, or any way compelling them to march out of this Kingdom. 1 e ine*

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenants of the several Counties of } ieu!enan»s foc Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland and Rutland, and of every County and Place in the Cumberland, Dominion of Wales, shall respectively have the Chief Command of the Militia thereof, which shall be Huntingdon, raised by Virtue of this Act; and in all the said Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, West Monmouth, moreland and Rutland, and in every County and Place within the Dominion of Wales respectively, there Westmoreland, shall be five or more Deputy Lieutenants appointed (if so many qualified as herein after expressed can counties' in be therein found) and the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the respective Deputy Lieutenants and Wales, to have Officers of the Militia therein, shall be as follows; that is to say, They shall be seized or possefld of Command of the such an Estate as is in this Act mentioned, as a Qualification for a Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel or other Militia there. Officer of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Proportions following: A Number or D= deputy Lieutenant or Colonel shall be in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Deputy lteifrc 5' the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be in like Man njnc or c'lonej, ner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of five hundred Pounds; a Lieute to have 3001. nant Colonel or Major shall be in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly pr Annum, ^Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be in like Manner seized llutena"t co or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds; a Captain shall be 200

in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred and Annum, fifty Pounds, or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner Captain, 100l. seized or possessed of a like Estate as foresaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant pr Annum, shall be in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hun C!'

dred Pounds, or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner per nnum> seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; an Ensign Ensign 50l. per shall be in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Annum. Pounds, or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds; one Half of a Moiety of ths all which respective Estates shall be situate or arising within the said Counties and Places respectively: to lie in And in all the said Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland and Rutland, and in all the County for the said several Counties and Places within the said Dominion of Wales respectively, the Penalties for acting not being duly qualified, or not having delivered in such Qualification and taken the Oaths, and jneg"ano" being made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration aforesaid, shall be, For a Deputy Lieutenant or Field qualified, c. for Officer one hundred Pounds; and for a Captain, Lieutenant or Ensign fifty Pounds; such several pe a Deputy lioutc nalties to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts nant or Filld of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection, or more than one impar i°°1'anii lance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof shall go' to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same, j°ra' un cr'5°'and the other Moiety to the Uses herein after directed; and any two or more Deputy Lieutenants within Powers given the said Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmoreland and Rutland, and within all the to two Deputy said several Counties and Places within the said Dominion of Wales respectively, shall have and exercise Lieutenants, all and every the Powers conferred by this act on any three Deputy Lieutenants, or on any two Deputy

N a Lieutenants,

92 C 25. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or on any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, of any County, Riding or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England.

LIII. And whereas the Ordering the Militia in the Ifie of Wight, has always been in the Governor' or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island: whereas from the Length of Time since the Militia Governor of the thereof was raised, the raising the same in Manner heretofore accustomed, may be attended with many iil^cf Wiuht ie Difficulties; Be it enacted, That the Governor of the said Island hall appoint the Officeis of the Militia' cffil^aaast0 be rae 'n t^le laid Island, and shall and is hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution eutenants of^Act, in the same Manner as his Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties are hereby empowered and re counties, and3p quired to act; and shall appoint five or more Deputies to act with him in and for the said Island; point Deputies; Deputies and Officers of the Militia shall be qualified in the same Manner, and are hereby empowered who are to be and required to act in the Execution of this Act, in the same Manner, and under the same Directions, Tie Office is Provisions and Penalties, as Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia in the several Counties wither Wales and n Dominion of Wales are by this Act subject to; and the Militia of the said Island shall be raised in the Militia is to the same Manner as the Militia of the County of Southampton, and shall be deemed a Part of the Militia be raised as in the of the said County; and after the same shall be so raised, the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and County of South Deputies, shall order and direct the training and exercising the said Militia within the said Island, in the deemeda Part ^amc Manner as his Majesty's Lieutenants, and the Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act authorised and thticof, c. directed to do in any County within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Militia of Pu

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Militia of the Island of Purbeck shall remain fepa teck is to beje rate from that of the County of Dorset, as heretofore has been used; the Number of Militia Men to pa rate from that rajfecj for faift Island shall be eighty, Part of six hundred and forty appointed by this Act to be Doubt °and"v8o ra^ed for the County of Dorset, with the County of the Town of Pool, with a Field Officer, and other Men aic to raised proper Officers; and the said Island shall, as to all the Purposes of this Act, be considered as if it were therein, with a a distinct County of itself; and all the Powers given and Provisions made by this Act with respect to f.eldofficer, c. Counties, and the Militia thereof, shall take Place and be in Force with respect to the said Island and the Militia thereof, except only as to the several Particulars herein expressed, and other wise provided for; that is to say. The Number of Deputy Lieutenants to be appointed for the said Island shall be three, or more (if so many duly qualified can be therein found) any two of which said Deputy Lieutenants shall have and excreife all the Powers conferred by this Act on any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, or on any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or on any one Deputy lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace of any County; and the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia in the said Island, shall be as follows; A Deputy Lieutenant and Field Officer shall be seized or possessed of such an Estate, and in like Manner as is in this Act before mentioned, as a Qualification for a Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, or other Officer of the Militia, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; a Captain shall be in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or be Heirr

Three or more Deputy Lieutenants;

Dcpu'y Lieutenants or Field Officer to have eco 1. per Annum.

ca.iain tco 1. ycr Annum. Lieutenant or lvifign 50 1. per Annum.

Apparent of a Person who shall be in like Manner leifvd or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant or Ensign shall be in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or be Son of a Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds; one Half of all which Estates respectively shall be situate or arising, int^notbcim^'t^ie Island; the Penalties for acting as Deputy Lieutenants, and other Officers of the ouahfied scc'.^c Militia of the said Island, not being duly qualified, or not having delivered in their Qualification; and for a Deputy taken the Oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration as aforesaid, shall be for. a Deputy

Lieutenant or Lieutenant, or Field Officer, sixty Pounds; and for a Captain, Lieutenant or Ensign, thirty Pounds

J eldofikcr60l. stich several Penalties to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Ma 30' jessy's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, Protection, or more than \\gti. z. C 16. one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall futi for the same, and the other Moiety to the Uses herein after directed.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cities or Towns which are counties witliirv themselves. have heretofore been empowered by Law, or ancient Usage, to raise and train a separate Militia within their several Precincts and Liberties, and which, are by this Act united with and made Part of any County or Counties for the Purposes of this Act only, ..his majesty's Lieutenants of such

Cities or Towns, or where there is no Lieutenant appointed by his Majesty, the Chief Magistrate of

chiefmug.strate, sich City, or Town shall appoint five or more Deputy Lieutenants (if so many Persons qualified as is.

to appoint De herein after expressed, can therein be found) and shall also appoint Officers of the Militia, whose Number. ir'd'cwk^tc" ant r ank ft Lai 1 be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which, such City or.town shall raise.

their Quota towards the Militia of the County, to which such City or Town is by this Act united son the Purposes aforesaid, the Qualification of which officers respectively shall be ns is herein, after mentioned; and all Powers given, and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to Counties at large, and the Militia thereof, and the registring the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officersv, shall take' Place and be in Force with respect to the said Cities and Towns, and the Militia thereof, and the regis rring the said Qualifications, except only as to the Particulars herein exptciled and otherwise provided for; that is to say, After the Number of Persons which such City or fl own is to furnish to the Militia. shall have been appointed as aforesaid by his Majesty's Lieutenant, and the Deputy Lieutenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the County at large, of the Militia, whereof the Militia, of such City or

Town

3

/ 43-

The l. uienanti hi Cities and Towns which are Counties within themselves, or the

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 25.

A.D. 1757.

Town is by this Act made a Part, any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants within such City or Town shall have and exercise all the Powers conferred by this at on any three Deputy Lieutenants, or on any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two justices of the Peace of any County at large: And the Value of the re spedfive Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia of such Cities or Towns, shall be^as follows, every Deputy Lieutenant and Field Officer shall respectively be seized or possessed of such an Estate, and in like Manner as is in this Act before mentioned, as a Qualification for a Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, or other Officer of the Militia, in Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in England, i'/ales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of five thousand Pounds; and the Qualification of a Captain shall be alike Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of two thousand five hundred Pounds; and the Qualification of a Lieutenant or Ensign shall be a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or personal Estate alone, to the amount or Value of seven hundred aird fifty Pounds; one Half of all which real Estates respectively shall be situate or arising within such City or Town, or within the County at large to which such City or Town is by this act united for the Purposes aforesaid; in all such Cities and Towns the Penalties for acting not being duly qualified, or not having delivered in such Qualification, or not having taken the Oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration aforesaid, shall be, for a Deputy Lieutenant or Field Officer, one hundred Pounds; and for a Captain, Lieutenant or Ensign, fifty Pounds; such several Penalties to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the Uses herein after directed; his Majesty's Lieutenants, and the Chief Magistrates of such Cities or Towns, being Counties in themselves respectively, shall, and they are hereby required to put the Powers conferred by this act, for raising and training the Militia within such Cities or Towns, into Execution; but the Militia of such Cities and Towns as aforesaid, being by this act declared to be Part of the Militia of the Counties to which such Cities and Towns are united for the Purposes aforesaid, the Militia of such Cities or Towns shall annually join the Militia of the County to which such Cities or Towns are so united for the Purposes aforesaid, and the whole Militia so joined together, shall be exercised together at the General annual Exercise in Whitsun Week, and shall then, and also in Time of actual Service, be deemed the Militia of the County to which such Cities or Towns are so united for the Purposes aforesaid.

LVI. And be it enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this act imposed, the Manner of Recovery whereof is not in this act particularly provided for, shall on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made; and where the Goods and Chattels of such Offender shall not be sufficient to answer such Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months: And all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this act imposed, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly provided for, shall be paid to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion, and shall be made a Common Stock in each sub division wherein the same shall so arise; and the said Clerk shall give a particular Account thereof, as it shall arise. any three Deputy Lieutenants, or to any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with anyone Justice of the Peace, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, at their next Meeting, within the several Subdivisions; the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall cause Butts to be erected in some convenient Place or Places, and shall direct the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to buy and provide, with some Part of the Money so arising, a proper Quantity of Gunpowder and Ball, to be used at proper Times by the Militia Men in (hooting at Marks, and to apply and dispose of such other Part, of the Money aforesaid as they shall think reasonable, in some Prize or Prizes to be given to such Militia. Man or Men as shall, by the Commanding Officer then present, be adjudged to be the best Marksman or Marksmen, and to apply the Residue thereof to other Contingencies relating to the Militia within such Subdivision; that in all Cases when any Person shall be committed to the House of Correction by virtue of this Act, he shall, during the Time of such Commitment, be kept to hard Labour in such House of Correction.,

LVII. And be it enacted, That in every action, Suit or Information, brought against any Person for acting as a Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant-colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant or Ensign, not being, orualified as herein before is directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon such Person against whom the same is brought.

LVIII, provided.also, and. be it enacted, That noorder made by any of his Majesty's Lieutenants, or by any one or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Ju

- ltice

93

Deputy Lieutenant and fie11 Officer, to have 300 I. per Ann. or 5000 1. per fohal Estate.

Captain 150 I. per Ann. or 2 500 1. personal Estate. Lieutenant or Ensign 50 1. per Ann. or 7^0 1. Personal Estate.

Penalties for acting if not qualified, c. for a Deputy Lieutenant or: Field Officer loo 1. for all under 50 1. Lieutenants and Chief mogi llrates to execute this Act within the said Cities and Towns; but the Militia. is to join that of the County at the General Exercise in Whitsun Week. Recovery of Penalties not otherwise provided for.

Fines and Penalties not otherwise provided for, to be paid to the Clerk of the Regiment, and made a common Stook, and to be applied in erefling Butt and providing Powder and all, and in Prizes to the befit Markl men,

Persons committed to the House of Correction to be kept to hard Labour.

Proof of qu3 lificatic n, in ail Suirs, is to be an the Defendant.

Orders of I he Lieutenant, not remove ble by Ceitioiari,

94- C 25.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

rcr Execution to be superseded thereby.

Provision where a Parish lies in two Counties.

Inhabitants of Wokingham to be trained with the Militia of Berks;

Hice of the Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this at, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, Place, City or Town wherein such Order was made, into any Court; and that no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersedc Execution or other Proceedings, upon any such Order so made in pursuance of this al, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and maybe had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in more Counties or Ridings than one, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Militia of that County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Wokingham shall serve in, and be trained and exercised with the Militia of the County of Berks.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of the Township of Filey, shall serve in the Militia of the East Riding of the County of York; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of Threapwood shall serve in the Militia of the County of Flint, and shall be trained and exercised with the Militia of the Parish of Worthenbury within the said County.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of and in the Parish of Saint Martin, called Stanford Baron in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford, on the South Side of the Waters there called Welland, shall serve in the Militia of the County of Lincoln.

ni[ i|mjcr!iin

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Devon and Corn t'nners n the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, but the Lord Warden of the Stannaries for the Time be, wall to be under ing, in pursuance of his Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he shall commissionate and au lord Warden of tnorize under him, may and shall have and use the like Powers, and array, assess, arm, inufter and exercise the said Tinners within the said Counties, and either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenants, who are or shall be commissioned for the Militia of the City of London, may and shall continue to lift and levy the Trained Bands and Auxiliaries of the said City in Manner as heretofore.*

of Filey, to serve in the East Riding of York;

of Threapwood, in Flint, and to be exercised with that of Worthenbury; anil of Saint Martin, Stamford Baron, &c. to serve in that of Lincoln.

The Tinners in

the Stannaries.

Lieutenants for London to lift and levy trained Bands as heretofore.

Militia, of the Tower Hamlets to be under the Constable of the Tower, who is to appoint his Deputy Lieutenants. &c.

13 & 14 Car. 2 C 3.

and to appoint a Treasurer of the Trophy Muncy.

Powers granted by former alto the Lord Warden of the

C LXVI Provided also, and be it enacted, That whereas the Militia of the Tower division in the County of Middlesex, commonly known by the Name of the Tower Hamlets, is and always has been under the Command of his Majesty's Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, for the Service and Preservation of that Royal Fort j' It shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Constable or Lieutenant for the Time being, from time to Time to appoint his Deputy Lieutenants, and to give commissions to a proper Number of Officers, to train and discipline the Militia to be raised within and for the said Division or Hamlets, pursuant to this AI; and to form the same into two Regiments of seven Companies each, in such Manner as the said Constable or Lieutenant hath used to do; and to appoint a Sergeant Major, a Drum Major, and a Clerk, for the said Militia; and also that for defraying the necessary Charge of Trophies and other incident Expenses of the Militia of the same Division or Hamlets, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Constable or Lieutenant, to continue to raise in every Year the Proportion of a fourth Part of one month's Assessment of Trophy Money within the said Division or Hamlets, in such Manner as he hath used to do by virtue and in pursuance of an at of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom; anything in this AI contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's said Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall appoint atreasurer of the said Trophy Money, for receiving and paying such Moneys as shall be levied by virtue hereof, which said Treasurer shall yearly account in Writing, and upon Oath for the same, to the said Lieutenant, or his Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, which Oath they shall have Power to administer; which Accounts for the same shall be certified to the Justices of the Peace for the said Division at their next General or Quarter sessions; and that the said Lieutenant shall not issue out Warrants for raising any Trophy Money, until the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them at such Sessions, shall have examined, stated and allowed the Accounts of the Trophy Money raised, levied and collected for the preceding Year and certified the same under the Hands and Seals of four or more such Justices, unless in case where it shall appear to such Justices, that by reason of the Death of such Treasurer, or otherwise such Accounts cannot be passed.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, may and shall put in Execution within the said Ports, Towns and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given

Cinque Port, and his Lieutenants, icfervtd;

and

z

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 26. 95

and granted by any former Act or Acts; and may and shall execute and perform all and every the

the Things therein contained, in like Manner as his Majesty's respective Lieutenants of Counties and

their Deputy Lieutenants may do; and may keep up and continue the usual Number of Soldiers in the said Ports, Towns and Members, unless he or they find cause to lessen the same, and the Militia of and tu Militia

the said Ports, Towns and Members, shall remain separate from the Militia of the several Counties with of the fate Ports

in which the said Ports, Towns and Members are situate anything herein contained to the contrary to r<*nain spa

i 1 > J b 1 Tate from that

notwithstanding. _, of the County.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained hall extend, or be persons doing construed to extend, to subject any Persons mustered, trained and doing Duty in any of his Majesty's Duty in the 6 Docks for the Defence thereof, to the Service in the Militia; anything herein contained to the contrary King's Dock notwithstanding. exempted.

LXX. And be it enacted, That all former Acts relating to the raising of the Militia within that Part Repeal of all of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales, shall from and after the first Day of May the

one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be repealed, except in such Cases as are herein specially di Militia ° 1 4 rested to be subject to the Provisions of the said former Acts, or any of them.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Death of any of his Majesty's Lieutenants, On Death of a his Deputy Lieutenants shall continue to act and exercise all the Authorities by this Act committed to nut" h'to a them, until his Majesty hall have appointed another Lieutenant, and until Commissions of Deputy Lieu tii^vcw^ne tenancy shall be by him issued. is appointed.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be brought or com limitation of menced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Action hall Actions, be laid in the County where such Action did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and General Issue. the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants hall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants hall have treble Costs, and Treble Costs, have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue to^lri and be in Force for the Space of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par or Lament, and no longer.

Concerning Militia foe farther 31 Geo. X C 3.6. 33 Geo. 2. C zo. 33 Geo. X C X 33 34*

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Moneys granted in this Session of Parliament for the pay of the Troops of Hanover for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament j and for Relief of Claud Johnson, with respect to a Bond entered into by him, for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways and Means the least burdensome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech. your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Towards the By or out of such Moneys as have arisen, or shall or may arise, and be and remain in the Receipt of the supph«s >* Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund, so^he'service of commonly called the Sinking Fund (after paving or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money the Year 1757. as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and: 00)0ooi. is to may be issued and applied a Sum, not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the be issued out of Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the Sinking and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Fund Treasurer, or any. three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of fifty thousand four hundred <0, 4911, 171. ninety one Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Ex u

chequer, disposable by Parliament for the public Service, of the Income of the Surplusses, Excesses,

Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the said Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, for eper of the the Quarter, ended the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall and may be in said Fund on like Manner issued and applied at the said Receipt for and towards the said Supply, S af 1757<

c6

pg, S 1. 2 i.

3 i3. 2 q. as the idfr.e fl.al! arise into the exche cuer cat ot ihe fii<i Fund.

16, 190 1. 5 3.

3 d. Surplus re irwining in die exchc q er of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors. 2.10, 5681. 5 s.

2 d. 20 Over

pus remaining in the Exchequer of the Grants for 1756.

On want of Money to pay the Sum of 845, 508l. 2 s. 3d. 2 q. Treasury rr.ay take in Loans on the Credit of the Sinking Fund to complete the said Sum;

the same to be rt paid Quarterly.

Appropriation of the Supplies in general.

The Moneys ari f.ng by the Land Tax, C 3.

Malt Tax, C 4.

leuery Afkc. 5.

Stamp Duties, C 29.

Million ale.3

C 26. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as hall thereafter from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the said Fund, commonly called the Sluicing Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may in like Manner be icued and applied a farther Sum not exceeding eight hundred forty-nine thousand five hundred eight Pounds two Shillings and threepence halfpenny, for and towards the said Supply.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of sixteen thousand one hundred and ninety Pounds five Shillings and threepence remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and also the Sum of one hundred forty thousand five hundred sixty eight Pounds five Shillings and twopence halfpenny remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and also the Sum of nineteen thousand four hundred and sixteen Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, being the Savings out of the Moneys granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, shall and may be in like Manner issued and applied at the said Receipt for and towards the said Supply.

19, 4161. 14 s.9d. 2 q. Savings in the Pay of the Troops of Hanover.

V. And whereas it may so happen that there may be a Want of Money for carrying on the current Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, before Moneys sufficient may have arisen into the Exchequer from the said Surplusses, Excefi es or Overplus Moneys commonly called The i Sinking Fund, to satisfy and pay the said Sum of eight hundred forty-nine thousand five hundred and eight Pounds two Shillings and threepence halfpenny by this Act granted; 'In such Case, It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands, to permit and suffer any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend unto his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer, so much Money as, together with the Moneys then remaining in the said Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of eight hundred forty-nine thousand five hundred eight Pounds two Shillings and threepence halfpenny, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, exceltes or Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with Interest for the Forbearance thereof, in the mean Time; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for discharging certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears for the future; And so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon; and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of Parliament of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand fven hundred and fifty seven; And concerning the Interest to be paid for Moneys to be borrowed, as well on the Credit of this Act', as on the Credit of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act; and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon; and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient reserved in the Exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, by Contributions to a Lottery, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand five Pounds and five Shillings, to be raised by way of Lottery; And also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Aelvcrtisements and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sum of three millions, by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the jccov.d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act For the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contra ft s of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors; and also the? ime for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contra ft s of Clerks and Apprentices; And also a Sum not exceeding one million, granted by one other Act of this sel iiou of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and

Para.

D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 26. 97

ailing thereof, performed and to be performed: and for or towards Sea Services, in the Office of Ord

__________ 1 ri 1 r' _______' ___

for the said Year.

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or Sup 200, 0001. to plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

two hundred thousand Pounds, towards paying oft"and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 10, 0001. for the Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Hospital near ten thousand Pounds, for or towards purchasing of Land near Plymouth, and carrying on the Works of i0*1 -

an Hospital intended to be created thereon, for the Reception of Sick and wounded Men belonging to his Majesty's Fleet.

IX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not evceeding ten thousand sot' Pounds, upon vaccount, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Mainte which Hospital. nance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 437, 6201. 83. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be iillied and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four9d. towards the hundred thirty fetfen thousand six hundred twenty Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence, for the Charge office ofr°rj' of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, per 'vce for Land formed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for " lce'

Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, not provided for by Parliament.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 3>si6, n8l. plies provided as aforesaid, there final and may be issued and applied any Sum or sums of Money not ex ^ard uie Land ceeding two millions five hundred sixteen thousand one hundred eighteen Pounds eleven Shillings "and a p" cs jnegea!^ halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after morerai; particularly exprefibd; that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million two hun of wh; ch tired thirteen thousand seven hundred forty six Pounds three Shillings and nine Pence, for defraying the j, 213, 746l. 3 st Charge of forty-nine thousand seven hundred and forty-nine effective Men, including Commission and g'd. for Guards non commission Officers; and also four thousand and eight Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and other and Garrison?, his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hun &c m grcatbn dred and fifty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred twenty-three thousand

nine hundred sixty three Pounds sixteen Shillings and ten Pence, for maintaining his Majesty's'Jer'y' Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Sco 4*3>9^3 h16 iia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Providence, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty an^ganifont S seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty seven thousand sixty Pounds fifteen c. in the Plan shillings and ten Pence, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the taiions, Gibral hospitals for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; tar Nov, ascotia> and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty thousand Pounds, upon Account, for Out pensioners of Ckeifea flospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any Sum ai, J r0l't'en( e* or Sums of Money not exceeding forty six thousand twenty-two Pounds and five Shillings, for defraying 47>o6°b J5S* the Charge of two Highland Battalions of Foot, raised or to be raised for his Majesty's Service, for the 10 d: tod the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two ofhof

thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers pi^ais of his ma of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, jesty's Land and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and Forces, sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; which said Sum of two thousand three 30, 0001. forths hundred and fifty Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall by Warrant or ou't pensioners M arrants under his Royal Sign Manual diretsfc and appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them °[ Chelsea hof paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists pitai' or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, and other Allowances for 46>01-5 s 7or the same, as his Majesty by such and the like Warrant or Warrants shall be graciously pleufed to direct Foof"

and appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand three hundred twenty-one a, ons ° 00 '

Pound sixteen Shillings and threepence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers pensions ofofh and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the cers Widows, c. superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred to be in ued b'y and fifty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-three thousand Pounds, upon Order under his

majesty's Sign

Manual. 5, 52 2 L 16s. 3d. to the Officers and Gentlemen of Horse Guards, c, reduced, 33, 0001, to the reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines.

q8

C 26.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

5t7 1. 1 s. 8 d to Half Officers i.ite Garrison at

Account, for the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand: ph uta^ seven hundred and fifty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred seventeen miren a p°ur ^s one Shilling and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of half-pay to certain Staff Officers of the late Garrison at Minorca, videlicet. To the Secretaries to the Governor of the Island of Minorca, the 48, 9: 61. 2 5. CD Captain of the Ports there, the Lieutenant Governor of Fort St. Phillip, and the Surgeon of the Garrison for Troops for of Fort Saint Philip, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and.any Sum or Sums of v: ns >» North Money not exceeding forty-eight thousand nine hundred twenty six Pounds two Shillings and six Pence,

Establishment serving in North America Regiment of Foot, for the Year one thou loncy not exceeding one hundred eleven tr iordina. y Ex" thousand five hundred seventy Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence halfpenny, for defraying the

57, 963 I. 7 s. j d. for Troops hired from the Landgrave of hnte castel.

10 s.

Money for

defraying the Charge of six thousand five hundred and forty-four Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hefje cajjcl, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six to the twenty seventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; and any Su n or sums of Money 155, 8401. ics. not exceeding one hundred fifty-five thousand eight hundred forty Pounds and ten Shillings, towards de for German Pay fraying the Charge of German Pay, for six thousand six hundred Foot, with the General and Staff offi to the Troops of cers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse cajj'el, 'in the Pay of Great Britain, Hete cair. l, from the twenty-eighth Day of May to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; towards defraying the Charge of German Pay, for one thousand and four hundred Horse, with the Officers of the Hospital, the Troops of the said Landgrave in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty seventh Day of April to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; towards defraying the Charge of German Pay for three thousand three hundred Foot, with the General and Staff Officers and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the said Landgrave, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty second Day of April to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; towards defraying the Charge of German Pay for seven hundred Horse, the Troops of the said Landgrave of hejje Crjjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-third Day of August to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; for defraying the Charge of Remount and Levy Money for seven hundred Horse, and three thousand three hundred Foot, the Troops of the said Landgrave in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty; and for defraying the Charge of the remaining Moiety of Remount Money for one thousand four hundred Horse pursuant to Treaty, payable the twenty seventh 60 -66 1 is today of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the supposed Day when the Cavalry took the the Landgrave of Field; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty thousand seven hundred sixty six Pounds

Treaty. 55, 062]. 5s. lid. 20. for Pay of Trooas hired from ha jiover.

200, 000

advanced Subsidy^ate one hundred and fifty thousand Crowns a Year, due to the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffe), pursuant to the said Land to Treaty, from the sixth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty six to the twenty seventh pave pursuant today of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the Day when the Cavalry enters into the Pay of Great Britain, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-five thousand sixty two Pounds five Shillings and eleven Pence halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of eight thousand six hundred and five Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, the Train of Artillery, and Officers of the Hospital, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six to the twenty sixth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; and of five thousand seven hundred and twenty six Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, the Train of Artillery, and Officers of the Hospital, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the twenty sixth Day of March following, both inclusive; and for defraying the Expenses of the March in Germany of the said Troops, both at their coming here, and their return back; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds, to assist his Majesty in forming and maintaining, during r ^r iv^ob t'1g prent Year, an Army of Observation for the just and necessary Defence and Preservation of his ma 'crvatloning: r jesty's Electoral Dominions, and those of his Allies, and towards enabling his Majesty to fulfil his en many, Uc. gagements with the King of Prussia, for the Security of the Empire against the Irruption of foreign ar ooool<, 0 mies; and for the Support of the Common Cause.

Jtay tli !in': Sum

X1J. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or sup '.jriov.' ilma plies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifiuetl and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money, not Vvy otcrrdit exceeding seven hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pur on ririhticewn. fuance (){ an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Account u?"

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat out of all or any the Aids orsup oi fray ctiravrdl plies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ii.'rv Fxrnti e xceeding one million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expenses of the VI Ur. ni. War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven;

and

C 26.99

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and, as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or =3, 789l. 5s X Supplies provided as aforesaid, there dial and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, for0fup, t^n"7 not exceeding twenty-eight thousand seven hundred eighty nine Pounds five Shillings and one Penny, the Colony of iipon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, Nova Scotia; for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding x5»1811* 45 fifteen thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds and four Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the p ia oes Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia por'fn/'rh va'id*

and other incidental Expenses attending the same from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand defrtvm, tu. seven hundred and fifty six to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty civil^stabh^ seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to be employed in main ment of Georgia, taining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Costs of Africa; and any Sum or Sums io.ooool. towards of Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be paid to the United Company of maintaining the Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expense of a ^ntsln a*rv'ica"' Military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them in, lieu of the Battalion of his Majesty's and 20>0o0l. to Forces withdrawn from those; Settlements; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty thou the East-india

liea

sand Pounds, upon Account, to be paid to such Persons, and in such Manner, and by such Proportions uompany.in) as his Majesty shall direct, for the dife, and Relief of his Majesty's Subjects in his several Provinces of the k ins North, and so\ifh Carolina, and Virginia, \nsamerica, j\v\ Recompense for such Services, as with the Ap dva°vit from " probation of the Commander in Chief of his; majesty's forces in America they respectively shall have\hence. performed, or, hall perform, either; by. putting the said Provinces in a State of Defence, or by acting'^0, 0001. on ac with Vigour against the Enemy; and any^sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand pounds/counttothei ro towards the further enabling the Commissioners for building a. Bridge Cross the River Thames, from the'" 5 City of v/estminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to purchase Houses and Grounds for the virgfni'a'forse" widening the Ways, and making more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues and Passages, leading vices performed, from Charing Cross to the two, Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Westminster " Bridge; and and to be per any Sum or Sums of.money not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, to enable the said com 'tc, rme(! by them, missioners to widen the Street or passage.leading from Cockspur street.to the Passage in Spring Garden lead chafin^houses*" ing to Saint james's Park; and; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three, thousand Pounds, upon and grounds^o Account, for repairing and finishijig a Road, proper for the passage of Troops and Carriages, from the widen the Streets, City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon' Tyne, whereof, the Sum of five hundred Pounds to be c. leading from paid to the Commissioners and Trustees adding within and for the County of Cumberland, and the Sum of Charing Cross, to two thousand five hundred Pounds, the refid ue of the said Sum of three thousand Pounds, to be paid to ytrham°ent the Commissioner and trustees^acting within jand for the County of Northumberland; and any Sum or'2>5O0 j t0wlder* Sums off Money not exceeding, thirty thousand Pounds, 'towards enabling the Governors and Guardians the Paiiage from of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of.exposed and deserted young Children, to receive cockspur street all such Children under a certain Age to be by; them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital be to the Park, fore the first Day of January one thousand seven Eundred and fifty, eight; and also towards enabling the m'3'00?; on flc"

/, °, ..*_ count for making

to. maintain and educate such Children as, are novy under. their ycare, and to continue to carry into Exe the Road from cution the gqodjpur poles for which they were incorporated. jcarline to New,

(. 30,000l. to the Foundling Hospital.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies pro These Aids to be vided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than tlle Uses afidjpurposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be oc er e" satisfied thereout, by any at or, Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in ifi any other act or acts of this present Session of Parliament.,

XVI. And as to the said Surii of thirty-three thousand Pounds by this at appropriated, on account of Rules to be ob half pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein served in the ap after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no hdf pay, 0 1*Person hall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served, was reduced; that no Person ftia.ll have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment,

Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no.chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has 'any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain ox Ireland, hall, have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person r by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, 0

ioo C 26. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 17 5 7*

Choose in an Act

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his ma f jesty's Reign, entitled, ya St for enabling his Majesty to raise one million for the Purpose therein mentioned and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of parliamentthe Teveral Supplies which,

had beep, granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated tfi Hie several 'uses and purposes therein expressed 3 amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-eight thousand Pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half pa^, as in Application of and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared! though Savings CC by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the ibid Sum of thirty-eight thousand Pounds, as is or shall 0; 3 cocf cra^t a more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said th: Sefiicri' Act, to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed

tc v^rdi h'i; - of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of V thair long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows

or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal; Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas Claud Johnson of London, Merchant, did on or about the twenty-eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, at the special Instance and Request of George Buchanan, and William Hamilton, become bound for them in a Bond, conditioned for the Payment of five thousand six hundred and seven Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, or thereabouts,

being the Duties of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight of Tobacco imported by the said George Buchanan, and William Hamilton, and the said George Buchanan, and William Hamilton, as an Indemnification to him against the said Bond, did on or about the sixth Day of february one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, assign to him two hundred Hogsheads of Tobacco, the Marks and: Num bers of which were specified on the Back of such Alignment'; 'and the said two hundred Hogsheads of Tobacco were, soon after the Date of the said Alignment, conveyed away by the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton, and sold and exported by them as their Property; and they did afterwards re place ninety-nine Hogsheads of Tobacco, 'with different Marks and Numbers, as Part of the said two hundred: And whereas the said George Buchanan, and William Hamilton, did on or about the twenty, first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty two^ assign forty-two Hogsheads of Tobacco to the said Claud 'johnson, asa further indemnification to him against the said Bond, the Marks and Numbers of which Hogsheads were also specified upon the Back of such last assignmpnt: And whereas on or about the twenty seventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, an Extent was issued at the Suit of the Crown against the Effects of the said George Buchanan, and 'William Ha

milton, for Duties on tobacco imported by them; and aii Inquisition being taken bn or about the their tieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and and fifty-two, one hundred and thirty-five Hogs! 4 heads of tobacco were seized as the Property of the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton \ forty two Hogsheads of which were the Tobacco last assigned to Claud j.dhnfchpand1 the remaining,

ninety three were Part of the said ninety-nine Hogsheads replaced (as aforesaid, the other six Hogsheads1" 4 being seized by the warehouse keeper for Rent; and the said George Buchanan and tvilliaimhamilton soon after becoming Bankrupts, the said Claud Johnson entered his Claim to the Laid one hundred and, thirty-five Hogsheads in the Court of Exchequer; and, upon a Trial in the Year ofie thbiifand seven hundred and fifty-two, a Verdict was found for his Majesty, as to the said ninety three Hogsheads, be cause the Marks and Numbers thereof did not correspond with the Marks and numbers indorsed on the said first Assignment, and or the Claimant, as to the said forty-two Hogsheads: And whereas the commissioners of the Customs, in Consideration of the Payment of a certain Sum by the Assignees of the said Bankruptcy, as a Satisfaction for the Moneys due from the said Bankrupts to the Crown, allowed the said Assignees all the Effects seized upon the said Inquisition 3 but the said Bond was not incluijed in such Agreement, the same not being then due: And whereas the said Claud Johnson has paid three thou find one hundred seventy three Pounds and seven Pence, or thereabouts, in Part of the said five thou find six hundred seven Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, and the said ninety three Hogsheads of Tobacco were sold for the Sum of two thousand six hundred fifty-five Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence: And whereas there is great Reason to believe that it the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton had continued in Credit, no Part of the said Bond would have been paid in mo nev, but have been discharged by Debentures taken out upon the Exportation of Tobacco; and as the faiil ninety three Hogsheads were Part of the Effects which were allowed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to the said Assignees, in Consideration of a certain Sum to be paid by them, whereby the Revenue received an Advantage, and the said Claud Johnson sustained a Loss more than adequate, to Treasury to dif the principal Money now due upon the said Bond; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ch.vfc Claud That shall he lawful for the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's 'l Treafu V for the Time being, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and empowered to exonerate, Penalty and Me acclu't and discharge the said Claud Johnson of and from the Penalty mentioned in, and the Payment of rey cor.ditiorcd any Sum or Sums of Money conditioned to be paid by the said Bond, dated on or about the said twenty tn t c paid by his eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and all Interest due thereupon; and hondouseept. to discharge and vacate the said Bond, in such Manner as to him jr them shall lean expedient; any Act on to^'td"uts or Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 27, 28.

101

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners cr Trustees for putting

in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS by several Acts of this present Session of Parliament, the first Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Acts, or any Part or Parts thereof in Execution, hath been, or may be appointed or directed to be held before, or upon the Day of the Pairing of such Acts respectively, whereby several Doubts and Difficulties may arise with respect to the due Execution of the said Acts; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act of Parliament hath passed, or doth or shall pass, at where any Act any Time wuatsoever during this present Session of Parliament, upon or after the Day specified in any fluli pass i»pon such Add for the first Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees appointed to put the same, or any Part r aher^the Day thereof in Execution, in each and every such Case, such Commissioners or Trustees respectively, or the ivirjt'ji.'ot corn same Number of such respective Commissioners or Trustees as is or shall be authorised to hold such first mi'n^oners or Meeting, or any greater Number of them, shall and may hold their first Meeting upon the fourteenth Trufccss to act, Day after the Passing of this Act, at such Places as were respectively appointed in such Acts for holding the y hail hold. the first Meetings on the Days therein specified; all such Commissioners or Trustees, or any Number fht, r of them as aforesaid, being so assembled respectively on the said fourteenth Day after the Passing of this jyav^fier" lahin Act, shall and may proceed to the Execution of such Acts respectively; then, and from time to time this Act. P afterwards adjourn, and do and perform all such Matters and Things, and execute all the Powers and Further enlarged Authorities granted to them in the said Acts respectively, in the same Manner, and as fully and efredtu h 31 Geo ally to all Intents and Purposes, 'as if such Commissioners or Trustees had been assembled, in pursuancef< j3 of, and on the respective Days specified or appointed in such Acts for holding the first Meeting of such Commissioners or Trustees; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in Being for the Amendment and Pre For former Laws

1 o jpg j^Act, X

servation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom. ji. z. C s'.

2 & 3 F. & M.

C 8. 3 W. & M. C 12. 7 Geo. 2. c. 9. 8 Geo. 2. c. 20. 14 Geo. 2. c. 42. 21 Geo. 2. c. 28. 2s Geo. 2. c. 17.

WHEREAS t hath been found that the Use of Broad Wheels does very much contribute to the Improvement and Preservation of the Turnpike Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England, and tiling heavy Carriages with Narrow Wheels, is very ruinous and destructive to the same; For ' remedy"whereof, ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Trustees for Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Turnpikes to and; by the Authority of the same, That during the Time of seven Years, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Trustees appointed or to be the Tolls

appointed by virtue or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, for Wagons and repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, or such Person or Persons as are or shall be authorised by them, Carts, having the shall and may, and they are hereby required to demand and take for every Wagon, Wain, Cart or Car Felhes rjieu' riage, 'having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than nine Inches from Side to ^ae.]si°iha'8 Side, at the Jeaft, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, or for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the 9inches, same, one Half more than the Tolls or Duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, amending or repairing Turnpike'

Roads, before any such Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage respectively, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, where Tolls shall be payable by virtue of any of the said Acts.

II. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Carts or Carnages Carts drawn by

drawn by one Horse, or two Oxen, and no more. one Hone, or two

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time aforesaid, exfcfte '

nr. Jz Cans with rwo

Tolls or Duties required to be paid by any of the said Acts respectively. Bioad, tops on

1 r r 1 ly the common

IV. And whereas there are in several Acts of Parliament, made for making, amending and repairing, Carriage to ' Turnpike Roads, Exemptions allowed from Payment of Tolls, in particular Cases therein respectively beexempted from mentioned, and Liberties are allowed, in particular Cases, to pay Idler Tolls than are charged upon Tolis, orpay kf other Wagons, Carts and Carriages, pnfling through Turnpike Gates or Bars: And whereas it will 11' un}sls tend to the Advantage and Preservation of Turnpike Roads, to confine such Exemptions, Liberties, W ' Privileges and Advantages, to Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches as afore

3'

102 C 28.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Exception,

but the additional and ordinary Tolls are So be paid.

Wagons, c. with broad Wheels to pay Hall the Tolls

said Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time aforesaid, no Person ball, by virtue of any of the said Acts of Parliament, have, claim or take, the Benefit or Advantage of any Exemption from polls, or Part of Tolls, or to pay lefier Toll, for or in respect of any Wagon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or Horses drawing the same, than other Carriages of the like Nature ought to pay, unless such Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, have Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches as aforesaid; than and except Carts and Carriages drawn by one Horse or two Oxen, and no more; and other than an except Carts and Carriages drawn by two Horses or four Oxen, and no more, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of six Inches as aforesaid; that the Toll, together with the additional 'Poll hereby enabled, for or in respect of every such Wagon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than nine Inches as aforesaid; for or in respect of Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same (except as before excepted) required by the said Acts respectively, shall be paid in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if no Exemption or lelter Toll had been enacted or allowed by any or the said Acts respectively, and as fully as all other Wagons, Wains, Carts and Carriages and Horses drawing the same, ought respectively to pay, which are not entitled to any Exemption from 'Poll in the Whole or in Part, or to pay a leifer 'Poll than other Wagons, Wains, Carts and Carriages any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Time aforesaid, the true dees appointed or to be appointed by Virtue or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament made

__________ or to be made for making, repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, and such Person and Persons as

uiih n loomiles shall be authorised by them, hall and may, and they are hereby required to permit and suffer ail wag ot limdo. ij gons} Wains, Carts and Carriages having the Fellies of theweels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and drawn according to Law, to pals through any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, within one hundred Miles from London, paying only lo much Toll or Duty as shall not exceed one Half of the full Toll or Duty payable for such Wagons, Wains, Carts and Carriages respectively, or for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same, by Virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made for making, repairing or amending Turnpike Roads.

VI. And whereas great Damage is done to Turnpike Roads by Wagons and Wains with broad Wheels drawn by Horses or beads of Draught at length, and not in Pairs For Remedy whereof. Be. s it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time aforesaid it shall not be lawful for any.' ^rawn^horses ^7"asson or Wain, having Fellies of the Wcels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches as afore m Pairs, and not to pass upon any Turnpike Road, or through any Turnpike Gate or Bar, unless the same be drawn at Length by Horses or Beasts of Draught in Pairs; provided that where, there is an odd Horse or Bead of Draught belonging to such Wagon or Wain, it shall be lawful for such odd Horse or Bead of Draught to draw such Wagon or Wain, together with the other Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing in Pair's as aforesaid; that such Horses or Beasts of Draught do not in the whole exceed the Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught allowed by Law.

VII. And whereas Great Damage is done to Turnpike Roads by Wagons and Wains with narrow narrow Wheel Wheels, drawn by Horses or Beads or Draught in Pairs, and not drawn by Oxen For, Remedy arruges aie net whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time aforesaid it shall not be lawful for any Wagon or Wain, having the Fellies of theweels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than nine Inches, to pais upon any Turnpike Road, or through any Turnpike Gate or Bar, if the same be drawn by Horses or Beasts of Draught in Pairs, and not by Oxen.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hall, during the Time aforesaid, drive or cause to be driven on any Turnpike Road any common btage Wagon, prohibited by this Act to pass along any Turnpike Road, or hall drive or cause to be driven any A vaggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage on any Turnpike Road, with any greater Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught than is allowed by Law, or in any wise contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person and Persons so offending, and every Mader or Owner of such Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage so driven, hall be deemed to be guilty of a Common Nuisance and Misdemeanour, and shall be punished for

may be punio.cd the same by Indictment or Information, or hall, at the Electon of the Prosecutor or Informer, for every by Indictment, such Offence, be subject and liable to such and the same.penalties and Forfeitures as the Owners of the Wagons and Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than nine Inches from Side to Side, are made subject and liable to, by Virtue of an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom \ and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; to be paid and applied to such Uses and Purposes, and to be levied and recovered as is thereby directed.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time aforesaid it hall not be for to.is may be lawful for any Trustees of any Turnpike Road, to make any Composition for Tolls for or in Respect of

made for narrow " ' ——

but such Wagons are not to

to pals if drawn in Pairs, unless by Oxen.

reiforu driving prohibited Wagin'.

or an unlawful Number of Horses,

or Information, Crc.

A CL a 6 Geo. C. 0.

No composition —

- any Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, or Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same (except as beer arrugc. fqrc exccpcecj) unless such Wagons, Wains, Carts and Carriages have the Fellies of the Wheels there xerpnon. of of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches as aforesaid:

: a. C 17 tj.?. U (). 8. t rpeal.d.

inches

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 28. 103

Inches from Side to Side at the lead, at the Sole or Bottom of the Wheel, to pass through all and every Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, with six Horses; all Carts and other Carriages having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of six Inches from Side to Side at the lead, at the Sole or Bottom of the Wheel, with four Horses, without paying any more Toll or Duty than is paid for Wagons now drawn by four, and Carts drawn by three Horses, or for the Horses drawing the lame: And whereas by another Clause in the last mentioned Act it is enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day. of June all Wagons, Wains and other four Wheel Carriages, not being Common Stage Wag ' gons or Carriages (though the Fellies of the Wheels are not of the Breadth of nine Inches or six Inches) may.travel, pass or be driven upon any Turnpike Road, with any Number of Horses not exceeding five Horses or Bealls of Draught: And if any Owner or Driver of any such Wagon, Wain or other four Wheel Carriage shall travel, pass or drive any such Wagon or other four Wheel Carriage with more than five Horses or Beasts of Draught, every such Owner so offending final], for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; which aid Penalty shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and '.seals of the Trustees, or any three or more of them, of such Difiridt, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, in or near to the Place or Places where the Offence filial 1 be committed, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ivcfhnbifler;

where no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: And in case any Driver of any Wagon, Wain or other Carriage as aforesaid, shall act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their

Hands and Seals, commit such Driver to the House of Correction for the Space of one Month, there to remain without Bail or mainprize be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Laid recited Clauses in the last mentioned recited at shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, be repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time aforesaid no No Wagons

Wagon having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches at the Bottom, with broad filial! pass along any Turnpike Road, which filiall be wider than five Feet six Inches from the Middle of vhecls'f ffr

the Fellies of the Wheels on one Side of such Wagon, to the Middle of the Fellies of the Wheels inches may pass

on the other Side of such Wagon; and the Surveyor or Surveyors, gate keeper or gate keepers of any on Turnpike Turnpike Road, is and are hereby authorised and required, at any Turnpike or toll gate, or at any Roads, other Place upon the Turnpike Road, to measure every such Wagon from the Middle of the Fellies

of the Wheels on one Side of such Wagons, to the Middle of the Fellies of the Wheels on the other Side thereof; and if any Mailer or Driver of any Wagon shall hinder or refuse to permit such Surveyor or Surveyors, gate keeper or gate keepers, to Measure such Wagon as aforesaid it shall be unlawful for every such Wagon, not permitted to be Measured as aforesaid, to pass along any Turns ike Road.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any a<£lion or Suit shall be commenced Limitation of against any Person or Persons for anything done or acted in Pursuance of this Act, then and in every Actions, such Case, such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought in the County, Riding or Place where the Person against whom such Action or Suit fill all be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in the County or Riding where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General General Iffce. Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this present Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other County, Riding or Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendanrs, shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for recovery thereof, Tieble Cutis, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XIII. And whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning the Meaning of the "Words Common Stage Wagons, 'It is hereby declared, That every Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage travelling with or car what shall be rying Goods for Hire, is and shall be deemed to be a Common st2ge Wagon, within the true Intent deemed a com and Meaning of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, mcn sugewsg an Act to amend an Act in the tuuenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roaus of this Kingdom; and for "z'c' ' the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

XIV. Whereas it is in and by an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty amongst other c^efe in Act

Things enacted and declared, That if any collector pr Receiver of the 'Foils or Duties at any Gate or 2s G. 2. C

Turnpike, where or near to which any Crane, Machine or Engine for weighing of Carriages shall be §7*

built or erected, shall permit any Cart, Wagon or Carriage, within the Descriptions therein mentioned, to pass or repass through any such Gate or Turnpike without weighing the same, such Collector or Receiver shall, upon Conviction, as by the said Act is directed, be liable to be committed to the House of Correction, and there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one Month; And whereas

104 C 29. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Doubts have arisen whether such Collector or Receiver is not by the said Act obliged to weigh all Collector obliged Carriages whatsoever, whether loaded or unleaded; and many Difficulties have arisen thereupon For <0 weigh only obviating whereof it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of sep carruses* tem>oer one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, any collcislor or Receiver of any Tolls at any Turn. pi ke cr Turnpikes erected or to be erected by Virtue of any Act of Parliament, shall and may permit all and every Person or Persons going or travelling through any urnpike with an empty Cart, Wagon, or other Carriage, to pass and repass through the same, without weighing such empty Cart, Wagon of S t f.inhtr 31 other Carriage, and without incurring the Penalty aforesaid; that hicli Collector or Receivcrshall not

Lnc. 54. be obliged to weigh any Cart, Wagon or other Carriage, but those only which shall be laden; the said hist abovementioned Act, or any Law now in Force to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing or running of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandise, upon certain Term, therein mentioned.

8 G. 1, C i3.

9 gs. C 35. 79 G. 2. C 34.

Smugglers, fc. indemnified from Offences committed before j.may 1757.

provided, before they are prosecuted, and before 1 December nexr, they enter, and serve on board the Navy,

and register their Name;, c. wrh the Clerk the i ei e.

WHEREAS there is a great want of Seamen for the completely Manning of his Majesty's Royal Navy: And whereas there are many Sailors, Mariners, and other seafaring Persons, Subjects at ins Majesty, at this Time in Parrs beyond the Seas, and in several of the Gaols of this Kingdom, on Account of sundry Offences by them committed in Breach of the Laws of the Customs and Excise; and likewise several Persons who have been or may be charged with Riding with Fire Arms, contrary to the Acts passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the ninth Year of his present Majesty, as well as other Acts now in Force, and who have neglected to take the Benefit of the late Act of Indemnity, and are capable and may be inclined, or by Grace and Cle Clemency induced, to serve on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, provided they were certain of their being indemnified for their several Offences and past Misdemeanours Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person, who before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven shall have been guilty of illegal running, landing unshipping, concealing, receiving or carrying any Wool, pror hibited Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any Foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise, the same Duties not having been paid or secured, or of aiding or assisting therein 3 cr shall have been armed with firearms, or other offensive Arms or Weapons, in order to be aiding or assisting any such Offenders, or have been guilty of refeuing such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes as aforesaid where Duties had not been paid or secured after Seizure, from the Officers of the Customs or Excise, or of any Act or Matter whatsoever whereby Persons may be deemed and taken to be Runners of Foreign Goods and Commodities, within the Intent and Meaning of any Law now in Force 3 or of hindering, opposing, obstructing, wounding or beating any Officer or Officers of the Customs or ex cife, in the Execution of his or their Office or Duty, or of aiding or assisting therein, shall be and are by the Authority of this present Act, acquitted, indemnified, released and discharged against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and every of them, and all and every other Person or Persons of and from all and every the said Offences, concerning which no Suit, Information or Indictment shall have been commenced, filed or sound, or com position made before the Lid first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifey seven, upon the following Terms and Conditions; that is to say, That he do, before he shall be apprehended or prosecuted for the same, and before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, enter himself with some Commission Officer of his Majesty's Fleet to serve as a common Sailor in the said Fleet, and do for three Years at least from the Time of such Entry, unless he shall be sooner duly discharged from the Service, actually and bona fide serve and do duty as such in the said Fleet; and shall also before the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty fceen register his Name, Employment, and usual Place of Abode, with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division where he rcfidcs, in a Book which is hereby directed to be kept by the said Clerk, among the Records of the Sessions for the said County, Riding or Division for this Purpose; and shall sign such r.egifter, signifying that he claims the Benefit of this Act, and that he has entered himself with a certain Commission Officer by Name, of his Majesty's Fleet, to serve as a common Sailor, which Entry shall be made in the following Form,

4 yj B. of _ claims the Benefit of an Act of the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and has entered himself with a Commission Officer of his Majesty's Fleet, and has registered his Name in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Peace of this County, Riding or Division, this Day of pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.'

For

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 30.

105

J s.

For which Entry or Register there shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding or Di clerk's F: vision, one Shilling and no more; and that the said Clerk of the Peace hall immediately after the Paid w 1s to t, an' first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, from Time to Time, transmit to the Com 0/^csitj missioner of the Customs and Excise, an exact Account of all the Persons who have, by such Entry or oath Commis register as aforesaid, entitled themselves to claim the Benefit of this Acto

lloners of the Customs and Excite.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall make such Entry, and claim the Benefit of this present Act as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of, or The feicl persons commit any of the like Offences as those herein before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, thetike Offence released or discharged, or shall at any Time after desert from the said Service, or within the said three afterwards, or Years unduly procure his Discharge therefrom, shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted, net only for deserting, orun* or in respect of such new Offence, but shall also be subject and liable to all the same Pains, Penalties and duly procuring Forfeitures as he would have incurred or been subject or liable to in case this Indemnity had never been their Discharge, given; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. cution ffir ILT

former, as well as such new Offences,

III. Provided also, That if any Officer of his Majesty's Navy shall by false Muster or c^rtificate, or in Officer permit lonsideration of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collusive or evasive Ways or Means whatso ting any such ever, suffer or permit such Person to avoid the actual Service as aforesaid, such Person shall not only lose P: rfon to avoid the Benefit of this Act, but every such Officer shall suffer the Penalty of five hundred Pounds. fwf fts^oo!'

and such Person loses the Benefit of the Act;

u1

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall have made such Entry with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or receive or be entitled to any Benefit or Advantage by virtue of this present Act of Indemnity, shall be capable of maintaining any Action brought or to be brought by him, against any Officer of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, or against any Person or Persons who shall or may have been aiding or assisting to any Officer for or concerning any Matter, Cause or Thing done or committed by such Officer, or by any Person or Persons aiding and assisting him on Occasion, or for any other Matter or Thing by this Act intended to be acquitted, indemnified, released and discharged; such Claim is and shall be deemed an absolute Discharge and Release to such Officer, who may plead the General Issue, and give a Copy of such Claim so as aforesaid entered with the said Clerk of the Peace, and this Act in Evidence, on such Action or Prosecution.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who shall duly enter himself to serve as a common Sailor in his Majesty's Fleet for the Term of three Years at least in pursuance of this Act, shall during such Term of three Years (unless he shall within such Space of Time desert or withdraw from such Service) be liable to be apprehended or imprisoned, or to be sued or prosecuted in any Manner whatsoever, for or on account of any of the Offences intended to be re leaicd by this Act.

[General issue.]

Persons so entering themselves are disabled from bringing any aion against: the King's ofc ficers, &c. for Offences intended to be discharged by th s Act,

Prohibition of Suits agamff Persons entering themselves. Concerning cu f.cmi see farther 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for allowing a further Bounty on vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery; giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery; for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in ^Geo. 2. C 24. C W tituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British white Herring Fishery; is amongst other feci, ij a 12.

Things enacted, That as an Encouragement to all Persons whatsoever, as well Bodies Politic and

Corporate, as others, and also the Persons who should be incorporated by virtue of and under the said Act to engage in the said White Herring Fisheries, that a Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne should be paid annually out of such Sums as should be produced out of his Majesty's Customs to the Owner or Owners of all decked Vessels, from twenty to eighty Tonnes Burden, which should be built after the Commencement of the said Act for the Use of the said Fisheries, and fitted out and employed in the said Fisheries, in Manner and under the Regulations in the said Act after mentioned; such Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne to be paid yearly during the Space of fourteen Years from the Commencement of the said Act, and no longer, upon conforming to the Regulations of the said Act; in which said Act it is, amongst other Things enacted, That every Buss or Vessel of the Burden of seventy Tonnes, and designed for the said Fishery, should on her proceeding to Sea, have on board one Fleet of fifty Nets,

each Net to be thirty Yards full upon the Rope, and seven Fathoms deep, and foin Proportion for any Vessels of a greater or lesser Tonnage; and should be provided with one other Fleet of fifty like Nets on board a Jagger or Tender to attend the said Fishery, or left on Shore in a proper Place for the Use of the said Buss or Vessel: And whereas pui suant to the Power by the said Act given to his said Majesty, a Society, by the Name of the Society of The Free British fijjoery, hath been incorporated by Charter bearing Date the eleventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty: And whereas

by another Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, For further explain 28 Geo. 1. r. 14. 4 ///£, amending and rendering more esse final the said frf mentioned Act and for giving further Encouragement

Vol. VIII P 4 far

The former Bounty to cease.

ard in liru thereof, 50 r. per Tonne allowed on Vef j js empoyed in the Fishery.

Liberty given to life such Nets as are bt tt adapted to the Fifticries 5

so as the like Quantity be carried on board. each Buss. Certificates given by the Inspectors,

snd the Oath made by the Owners, Agents and Matters, are 10 te varied conformable to the Size and Form of the Nets made use of.

Liberty given to employ the vessels in the Intervals of the Fisheries.

7.9 Geo. a. c. 33.

Regulation of the thickness of Barrel Staves net to extend to Barrels 11 fed in the Herring Fishery

C

o.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

for the carrying tv the said Fifaery, and for aether Purposes therein mentioned \ it is enacted, That the several Allowances of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the Paid Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne granted by the said first mentioned act for the respective Terms therein mentioned, should be continued for the further Term of three Years, to be computed immediately from and after the Expiration of the said respective Terms, in Manner in the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his said present Majesty mentioned: And whereas the Bounty of thirty Shillings per 'Pan hath not been found a sufficient Bounty on the Tonnage of the Vessels employed in the said Fisheries, and the Nets by the said first mentioned Act directed to be employed in the said Fisheries, have been found by Experience, both in their Form and Depth, to be very inconvenient and unfit for the said Fisheries; and it may tend greatly to the Support of the said Fisheries, if the Vessels employed therein were permitted, during the Intervals of the two Fishing Seasons called The Shetland and Yarmouth Fisheries, to be otherwise employed Therefore be it enacted and declared, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne by the said two several Actsgranted and continued for the respective Terms of Years therein respectively mentioned, shall from henceforth cease, determine and be it an End; and that in lieu thereof, a Bounty of fifty Shillings per Tonne, on the Vessels employed in the said Fisheries, shall be paid and payable for Inch Term and T erms of Years to the said Society, and such other Persons as would have been entitled to the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne by virtue of or under the said twp several Acts herein before recited, or either of them, in case this Act had.not been made; and that such Bounty of fifty Shillings per Tonne shall be paid and payable at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Moneys as the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Tonne is by the said two several Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid; ' M t -

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it, shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society, and to and for all other Person and Persons employed in the said Fisheries, in lieu of the Nets by the said flrfl mentioned Act directed to be employed in the said Fisheries, to make Use of such Nets in the White Herring Fisheries as they shall find best adapted to the said pyfheries.

III. Provided always, That each Buss or Vessel do carry to Sea the like Quantity of Netting in the Whole as such Buss or Vessel is now bound to carry by the said first mentioned Act.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall happen that the Nets to be employed in the said Fisheries shall, by virtue of the Liberty and Power in and by this present Act given and allowed for that Purpose, vary from the Size and Form of the Nets in and by the said first mentioned Act directed to be employed in the said Fisheries, that so much of the Certificate in and by the said first mentioned Act directed to be given by the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed to examine the Bufles or Vessels to be employed in the said White Herring Fisheries, as relates to the Fishing Nets on board each Buss or Vessel; and also so much of the Oath by the said act directed to be made by the Owner or Owners, or Agent appointed by them, or of a proper Officer or Agent of the said Society, and of the Master or Chief Officer of such Vessel, as relates to the Nets on board such Vessel; may and shall from henceforth he varied and made conformable to such Alterations as may be made in such Nets so employed in the said Fisheries, by Virtue of the Liberty and Power herein before for that Purpose given.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the two Fisheries called The Shetland and Yarmouth Fifjyries shall be over in every Tear, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society, in the mean Time, and until the Commencement of the next ensuing Fishing Season, to use and employ in any other Business not prohibited by Law, such of their Bufles or Vessels, and no others, as shall have been really and Iona side employed in the said two Fisheries then last preceding, during the whole Time of such two Fisheries; any Thing in the said first mentioned Act, or in the Charter of the said Society to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it is amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Staves of all Barrels in which White Herrings and wet White Fish, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be packed or put up, shall be at least one half part of an Inch in thickness throughout, under such Penalty as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas the said Society, and other Persons following the said Fisheries, have at a very great Expense provided a large Quantity of Barrels for the Packing their Fish, and no Inconvenience hath arisen from the Make of such Barrels; Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty, as relates to the Thickness of the Barrels to be used in the Packing and putting up of White Herrings and wet White Fish, shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to Barrels made use of or to be made use of by the said Society, or by any other Person or Persons following the said White Herring Fisheries, by virtue of or under the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his said present Majesty; any Thing in the said act of the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 107

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Society, and all and every Frcc trfe 3, 1 Person or Persons employed in the said Fisheries, shall have and exercise the free Use of all Ports, Har ^'beio^hl'u' hours, Shores and Forelands in Great Britain, or the Islands belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, water Mark? 1 below the highest High Water Mark, and for the Space of one hundred Yards on any waste or unculti and 100 Yards vated Land beyond such Mark within the Land, for landing their Nets, Calks and other Materials, above on any Utensils and Stores, and for erecting Tents, Huts and Stages, and for the landing, pickling, curing and ^afu Grounds, reloading their Fish, and in drying their Nets, without paying any Foreland or other Dues, or any other Nets11 Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever for such Liberty (except as herein after is r5"'s' excepted) any Law, Statute or Custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person Persons obnruft or Persons Avail presume to demand or receive any Dues, Sums of Money, or other Consideration what ing such Use for soever for the Use of any such Ports, Harbours, Shores or Forelands within the Limits aforesaid, or At all feit 100 obstruct the fiaiermen or other Persons employed in the taking or curing of Fish, or drying their Nets

in the Use of the same, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to exempt the vessels or Boats Where Harbour

employed in the said fiaieries from the Payment of such Harbour or Pier Dues as are and by Law ought °^1 rtd ies fc to be demanded for Ships, Vessels or Boats, in Piers or Harbours which are built or artificially made, law^the fifking hut that such Harbour or Pier Dues shall be paid in like Manner as the same were liable to be paid before Vessels are to the pilfing of this Act. pay the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty herein before mentioned Penalty where Aiall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts and how to b. c. of Record at ivejbnin/ler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Efibin, Pro sued lor tedion, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety of such Penalty Aiall be to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will lue for or prosecute the same.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said The Tonnage Bounty of fifty Shillings per Tonne herein before given and granted to vessels employed in the said fiaiery, Bjunty, s noc 10 shall not he paid or payable in respect of any such Vessels, until it shall have been made appear to the Sa

tistadion of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, by one or more Certificate or Certificates, Reproduced of the' ccipt or Receipts, from the Receiver or Collector for the Time being of the Duty of six Pence per Man Duty payable to per Month, payable out of Seamens Wages, for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, that all Greenwich Hof moneys payable on account of such Duty from any Vessel, in respect whereof such Bounty of fifty Shil P, tal bcirs du!y lings per Tonne shall be demanded, hath been fully paid and discharged; anything herein before contained F; -,

to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. jb&yfafarxir

33 Geo. 2. t ard 2 gio. IS

27. 3. C

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough Southwark, in the County of Surry, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the High Street in the said Borough.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 2.8<jco. i. 0.23.

intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough Southwark in the County of Surry, to hold a Market within the said Parish, net interfering with the High Street in the said Borough, Powers were granted to Commissioners therein named, to enter upon a certain Piece of Ground in the said Act described, and to set out such Parts thereof as they should adjudge proper for holding the said Market thereon: And whereas some Doubts have arisen about the Description of the said Piece of Ground: And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, That in case the said Churchwardens, Oversees and Inhabitants cannot agree with the Owner or Owners of the said Piece of Ground, or any Part of such Ground, or the Houses and Buildings thereon, for the Purchase thereof, that then the said Commissioners Aiall cause the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments to be adjusted and settled by a Jury, at any Quarter session of the Peace to be held for the County of Surry; which Method has been found inconvenient by reason the said Session is mostly held at a considerable Distance from the said Borough: And whereas the Sum of six thousand Pounds, directed to be raised by the said act, will not be sufficient to pay for the Purchase of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by the said Act a Rate or Assessment is directed to be made on all Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, to make good any Deficiencies which may happen in the Payment of the Annuities in the said Act mentioned j but sufficient Powers are not therein granted for levying the same: For remedying the said Doubts and iiir conveniences, and rendering the said Act more effectual, May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Piece of Ground mentioned and described in the said recited Act, 'the Ground dc cloth and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to contain thedftece or Spot of Ground in the said former fcn.bed

p 2*A A reclted a'*

Ad

ccruined.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

The Bishop of Rocheiicr may grant separate Leases of ro thefter Yard, to the Churchwardens and Inhabitants of the Parish, and to John Howell, ei^uire.

The said Leases, and Refcrvntions trent, declared to be valid.

Where aether vyrfi nj refuse to ticat, Notice lojbcgiven them, that the Value of their Lands will be f tiled by a Jury.

lo be ilf.iol accordingly lor rc surci/ig a July;

al mentioned, called The Triangle, and all the Buildings thereon, and all the Buildings and Ground from the Warehouse of Matter Edmund Wagg, Hop Merchant, near adjoining to the turnstile in the said Act mentioned, abutting Eastward on Three Crown Court, including the West Side of the said Court, to a Piece of Ground called Kirby Court in Fowle Lane, together with Kirby Court and the Buildings therein, and the Buildings on the South Side of Fowle Lane.

II. And whereas the Houses, Ground and Buildings called Rochester Yard, were by Indenture of Lease bearing Date on or about the nineteenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty, demiled by Samuel Lord Bishop of roche/ler, who was seized of the same in his Demesne, as of Fee, in Right of his Cathedral Church, to 7ohn Howell of Lincoln's Inn Esquire, to hold to him, his Heirs and Assigns, for the Term of three Lives therein named, and the longest Liver of them, at and under the accustomed yearly Rent of twenty Pounds, and usual Covenants: And whereas the Churchwar dens, Overseers and Inhabitants, or seven or more of them, in pursuance of the said recited al, or under Colour thereof, did by Indenture bearing Date on or about the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, purchase Part of Rochester Yard aforesaid, in the said Indenture particularly mentioned and described, of the said John Howell, fubietft to the Payment of fourteen pounjs thirteen Shillings and six Pence, to the Bishop of roche/ler, Part of the said yearly Rent of twenty Pounds, and did cause the Buildings that flood thereon to be taken down, and the Ground to

be made Part of the Area of the intended Market, with a View of erecting diverse new dwelling hottfes there for the Accommodation of the Butchers and others, exposing or intending to expose Provisions and other Goods to Sale therein; to the Intent therefore that the said former Art may be carried into Execution, and the Market therein mentioned may be ererted, held, continued and maintained Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for fthe Right Reverend Father in God Zachary Lord Bishop of Rochester, and his Successors, and they are hereby enabled and empowered, upon the Surrender of the whole Estate called Rochester Yard, demiled as aforesaid (reserving the fce simple and Inheritance of all and singular the premutcs) to regrant the same in separate Leases; is to say, As soon as may be after the passing of this Art, to grant to the said churchwar wardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, their Trustees or Representatives, one Lease of that Part of Rochester Yard aforesaid, by the said Indenture dated the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, granted and conveyed to them by the said John Howell, and in such Indenture particularly mentioned and described, for the Term of the Lives or Life in Being at the Enfealing and Delivery thereof as aforesaid, at and under the said yearly Rent of fourteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and.six Pence, with usual Covenants; or upon the Reservation of such yearly Rent as shall be agreed upon, and shall not be less than fourteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and six Pence, payable as heretofore, with usual Covenants, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Bishop of Rochester, and his Successors, to grant to the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, their Trustees or Representatives, a Lease of that Part of Rochester Yard aforesaid, by the said Indenture dated the twentieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, granted and conveyed to them by the said John Howell, and 111 the said Indenture particularly mentioned and described, to hold for any term not exceeding sixty Years, from the making thereof, and to renew the same from time to time, but in such Manner as not to grant any concurrent Lease or Leases thereof; and to grant another Lease of the other Part of Rochester Yard aforesaid, to the said John Howell, to hold to him, his Heirs and Assigns, for and during the Term of the Lives or Life in Being at the Date of such Lease, at and under the yearly Rent of five Pounds six Shillings and six Pence, and usual Covenants, without any Fine, until a further Renewal.

III. And be it further enacted, That such several Leases, and such several Reservations of Rent for the Premifies in the Tenure of the said John Howell, and the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants of the said Parish, hereafter to be had and made respectively, shall be good and available in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such separate Lease or Leases, and such separate Refeivations, were of Lands accustomably so demised, and as if such Reservation was the Rent accustomably yielded or paid for such separate Lease or Leases, and the Lands therein respectively to be contained; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Art, if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate dr Collegiate, other than and except the said Zachary Lord Bishop of Rochester, and his Successors, who are by the said recited Act, enabled to convey any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Limits aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to treat and agree with the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners in and by the said Act constituted and appointed, or any seven or more of them, upon Application to be made to them for that Purpose by the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, to give or cause to be given, to the Owner or Owners, or to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to leave or cause to be left, at the House of thcgtenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments intended to be purchased, twenty-one Days Notice, denoting and particularly describing the same; and purporting that the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments will be adjusted and settled by a jury, at such Time and Place as shall be therein fpceified for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, upon such Application to be made to them, from time to time, to illiie and direct a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriff of the County of Surry, if the Premifies lie within the County at large, and if within the Liberty of the Borough of Southwark, to the Bailiff of the said Borough, who are, and each of them is hereby authorised, directed and required accordingly, to impanel, fmnmon and

return.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

109

return, at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint, twenty-four honest, and disinterested Persons, duly qualified to serve on Juries, upon the Trials of Issues at Law 5 and the said Commissioners then present, or any seven or more of them, shall charge a Jury oi

twelve of the said Persons, and cause them to be sworn, well and truly, on their Oaths, to ali efs the Va Recompense, on lue of the Lands or Hereditaments comprised in the said Notice, and the Damages and Recompense for Oath, the same to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interest: therein (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to udmi nifter to such Jury) and to which Jury the said Churchwardens, Overseers anj Inhabitants, and all Per j< ry may be Tonnes interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges; and after proper Evi chailensed* dence, upon Oath, to them the said Commissioners given, concerning the Nature, Quantity and Value of the said Lands and Hereditaments, the said Jury shall by their Verdict, alfefs the Damages and Recompense to be given for the said Lands and Hereditaments to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein; which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement of the Verdia of the said Commissioners upon the same, shall be finally binding and conclusive to the said Churchwardens, menuhlc om overseers and Inhabitants, mid to all Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments; and such mjfl 10rier's there, Verdicts, and Judgments of the Commissioners upon the same, shall be transmitted to, and fairly entered on, to be con. and kept amongst: the Records of the Quarter session of the Peace of the County of Surry, and the elusive, and to same, or true Copies thereof, shall be taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court °'^rdcamoner Law or Equity whatsoever; and fa all in all Respects be as effectual as if the said Jury had been charged, the qnauersef and the Judgement given by the Justices of the Peace at their Session, or the Adjournment thereof. fumsa

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, ah Contrafb Sales, Alignments, Surrenders, and other Conveyances, made or to be made by any Person or Persons and Sales deemed whatsoever, to or with the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, or any Person or Persons in valid,

Trust for them, by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall be good and Valid against all Per ^0djl?rbajn^ fons whatsoever, and shall extend to be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife

or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all estatestail and Remainders, as fully and effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do, or would have done, if suffered by proper Parties in due Form of Law.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, The further Sum it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, or any seven of socoi may or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to raise, borrow, take and receive, ofbe borrowed fur and from any Person or Persons whomsoever, or anybody or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, R^pofej ot who are willing to lend or advance the same, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the 's ' L Whole, the Sum of two thousand Pounds, for the Payment of such purchase money, and for such other Purposes as are by the said Act directed; and for discharging the said further Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, and for doing and completing all Things necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, or any seven or more of them, any Sum or Sums on Annuity for of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said further Sum of two thousand Pounds, for the Purchase L'v«. at the cf one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid during the natural Life of such Contributor, or of such Rale of SL pee other Personas shall be nominated by such Contributor; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed Cent' per An' the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and not exceed in the Whole the Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds per Annum \ and shall he payable in such Manner, and at such Times and Places, and shall be publicly sold, as the Annuities appointed to be purchased by the said recited Act are appointed to be charged on to be paid and sold, and shall be likewise charged upon the Rents and Profits of the Sheds, Stands, Build the Rsnts and ings and Erections, upon the Grounds set out and appointed for the Site of the said Market, and all other Lrofi, s r the the Fiofits of the said Market. Market

VII. And for the better and more effectual securing the Payment of the Annuities sold or to be sold,

by virtue of the said recited Act, and also of this Act, if the Rents and Profits of the said Ground, and the Buildings and Erections thereon, and the Rents and Profits of the said Market, shall not be sufficient to pay the said annuitiesit is is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Rate to be made' and after the passing of this Act, the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, to be chosen as by for making good, the said Act is appointed, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time make a Rate or afteilmen: D "cie, C es in on all Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments within the same Parish, not exceeding six Pence the said fundt in the Pound, for the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Tenements "and Hereditaments, as the same shall be ascertained and rated to the Land Tax, for raising and levying such Sum or Sums of Money, as together with the Rents and Profits arising from the said Market shall be fufrcient to pay the said annuities; and that the said Rates or A lie Aments shall be charged on and paid by the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements and Hereditaments, and shall be made yearly or otherwise; such Rates or Assessments shall he allowed and signed by two Justices of the Peace for the County of to be allowed and Surry, or for the said Borough of Southwark, who are hereby likewise authorised and impowered to grant fisncd L y the a Warrant or Warrants for collecting and levying the same; and the said Rates or Assessments, after the Just, ce'.and

same shall be so allowed and signed by the said two Justices, shall be collected quarterly by such Person or Persons as by the said Churchwardens, Overseeds and Inhabitants, or any seven or more of them shall he appointed to col left the same; '-

Sums of Money which he, she or

made thereof, it shall and may be lawrm for the laiu collector or Collectors, and tivey are tiereliy aufiio rifed and required to levy the Sum affelled, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Per

soil

'»v^VI IIIIU KJ L au jf IV V iwj 1 v/l luny V./J U.vlil IX

1; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum ir they shall be rated or afidfed, for the Space of ten Days after Deinr e lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, and they are hereby autl

collected quarry j

111 OT 2 nd may be !rand VI d by and Say,

'NC.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1

757

soil or Pc; Tonnes so negleiving or refusing to pay the same; or to distraiu upon the Lands, Houses, tene ments or Ilcnditamcms so charged v/uh any such Sum or Sums of Money; and the Goods and Chattels then and there found, and the Distress so taken, to keep by the Space of four Days; and if the Owner of such Goods and Chattels does net pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated or aiteffed within the Space of four Days, then the said Distress to be appraised by two or more sufficient Persons, and to be sold by the said Collector or Collectors for Payment of the said Money, and the Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress; the Overplus arising by such Sale (if any be) shall be returned to the Owner there rfon shall think liimlelf or herself aggrieved by any of the said Rates or alteilments, such Person or Persons shall cr may appeal to the General Quarter session of the Peace for the said County, or for the Lid Borough, to be held next after Demand shall be made of Payment by the Collector or Collectors thereof, giving Notice of such his Appeal to the Collector or Collectors ten Days before such General Quarter session of the Peace; and the said Justices at their said next General Quarter session of the Peace, shall hear and determine the same; which Determination of the said Justices dial 1 be final without any further Appeal therefrom.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons appointed to ovtr, mo lles be Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or aheilments shall, from time to time, pay into the Hands

to the Church -

wardens, or to L heir Order; and to account before the juf tices \ear!y, or Persons aggrieved 0j: ant] if. any P by the !\..: te, in.iy appeal to the oqrtcr iief (ior.s.

Oile hor to pay

of the said Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, or into the Hands of such Person or Persons as they, or any leven or more of them shall appoint, all such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall collect, levy or receive by virtue of the said Rates or aheff.r.ents; and shall allb account before any two Justices of the Peace of the said County, or for the said Borough, once or oftener, in every Year, if re and p3 tlu rec^ thereunto, for all Moneys received by him by virtue of the said Rates; and shall pay unto the said ov ahe Balance Churchwardens, Overseers and Inhabitants, all such Moneys as shall, upon making up such Account, on making up appear to be remaining in his or their Hands; and in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for any two ju h; s Accounts, llices of the Peace for the said County, or for the said Borough, to commit such collector to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain until he hath fully accounted and paid the Money so remaining in his Hands.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this ACI,

shall sell, utter or set to Sale, any Manner of Flesh, or other raw Vic shop, Cellar or Window, of any House within the said Borough, not

being the Owner or Occupier of all the said House, every such Person being thereof convicted, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, or for the said Borough (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby im powered to administer) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be paid and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this at,

Penalty on Persons selling, or jf i1ilv butcher or other Person, sale/in bn// 10 tu?is' upon or withinnny Stall,

House, c. except their own.

Penalty on Persons

hawking, or jf any Poulterer, Country Chapman, Lader, Kidder, Victualler, Gardener, Fruiterer, fish seller, or

Market Vine.

iwutiirce mav

LJJJ l^ec'r")vn of the said Market, within the County of Surry, but only in his, her or their own Shop or Shops, or in

the public marketplace in the said recited Act and this Act described, and in Market Time only; every such Person being thereof convicted, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, or for the said Borough (which Oath such justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be paid and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this 1 rm<! J I; )J'act inclined, the Manner of Recovery whereof is not particularly mentioned, shall be levied by Distress "I, L and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom the Person or Persons so incurring shall be convicted (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant) returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after deducting the said Penalty or forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted, shall have no Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer such Penalty or Forfeiture, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, for any d ime not exceeding one Month for the first Offence; and for the second, and every other Offence of the same Kind, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month; or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be fully paid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think him or her

i*u for want of !i ivv lent uif tie', Otfmder t j t.c iiiruiiutej.

Persons aggrieved

forcfaii

nic/irav appeal". aggrieved by any Act, Order or Determination, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace as afo

1*it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the General Quarter session of the Peace, to be next held for the said Borough, or for the County of Surry, he or she causing ten Days Notice in Writing to be given to the Person or Persons on whole Oath or Oaths Inch Act, Order or Judgement, shall be lb done, made pr awarded; which Justices at their laid Section, upon Proof of such Notice being

given,

3

1 11

A.D. 1

757-

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 12.

given, Hull proceed in, and hear and determine the Causes and Matters of the said Appeal; and the Order and Judgement of the said Justices there shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Clauses in the said recited Act contained, except such as are hereby particularly varied or altered, shall remain and be in full Force, and be executed for the Purposes of the Paid recited Act, and this Act, as fully and effectually as itthe same were herein again repeated and re enacted.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expenses of obtaining and pa fling this Act, hall in the first Place be paid out of the Money raised, or to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act.

Powers of the recited Act confirmed, and extended to this Act.

Charges of this Act to be paid out or the first Moneys raised.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, pub'.iclt Act, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, uid other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying and being in the Parish of Wiggenhall C W Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk, containing in the Whole, four thousand Acres, C or thereabouts, and bounded as follows; viz. From the East End of Green Dyke, next West Fen Load,

to the Bank of the River Ouze, and so along under the West Side of that Bank, to Staple Wear \ and from thence under a certain Bank upon Wiggenhall Common, and so along the South Side of that Bank,

including the same, to and cross the Mire Bank, next Marshland Fen, as far as chancellor's Dyke., and so on by Chancelloi' s Dyke Northward, as far as Broad Fen; and from thence along a Dyke on the North Side of a certain Bank, called Border Bank, to another Bank, called Fen Bank, and from Fen Bank to Gillingroe I Say, by the Perambulation Way, between Wiggenhall Saint Peter's and Saint Mary Magdalen s;

and from thence by Gillingroe Way, to the West End of Green Dyke, and along that Dyke to the aforesaid East End thereof, have, for diverse Years last past, been, and till are, frequently overflowed with Waters, through the Defects of their Outfalls to Sea, by which Means the same are of little or no Pro fit to the Owners thereof: And whereas, notwithstanding the Powers and Provisions now in force, for draining and keeping dry the said Pen Lands and Low Grounds, by and under the Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Law, the same cannot be drained or kept dry, without the Aid of Parliament:

To enable the Owners and Proprietors of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds to drain, and to pre serve and keep the same drained for the future, by which Means great Benefit will not only accrue to the Public, hut much Profit will arise to the said Owners; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Cofomiffiorrarj Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and appointed. Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Impropriator and Vicar of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid, for the Time being, and all and every Person. and Persons who is, are or Avail be. Owner or Owners of fifty Acres of Land, or upwards, lying within the Boundaries aforesaid, and chargeable wi.h the Tax hereafter mentioned, hall be, and is and are hereby appointed Commissioner and Commissioners, during the Time of such Ownerftiip, to put this present Act, and all and every the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned, in Execution; and also that all and every Person and Persons, who is, are or shall be, Owner or Owners of three hundred Acres of Land or upwards, lying within the said Boundaries, and chargeable as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, during the Time of such Ownership, by Writing under Hand, to be yearly certified and delivered in at one of the two General Meetings to be held on the first Monday in April, and the first Monday in October, as hereafter appointed, to nominate and appoint another Person also to be a Commissioner as aforesaid; also that all and every Person or Persons, who is, are, or shall be. Owner or Owners of fifty Acres of Land or upwards, lying within the said Boundaries, and chargeable as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, during the Time of such Ownership, by Writing under Hand, to be yearly certified and delivered in at one of the said two General Meetings, to nominate and appoint his, her or their Agent or Bailiff to be a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, in the Place and Stead of such Owner or Owners; and that all and every Person and Persons, so nomi minated and appointed as aforesaid, shall likewise be, and is and are hereby appointed a Commissioner and Commissioners, during such Ownership as aforesaid, of the Person or Persons respectively so appointing and nominating, to put this Act, and all and every the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned, in Execution.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall Penalty on Per. presume to act, or shall appoint or nominate any person.or Persons to act, as a Commissioner in the Execu fonr afling. if' tion of this Act, he and he hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be reco not vered with full Costs of Suit, by any Person who will inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and in which Action or Suit it shall be only necessary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant

11 2

C

32.

Anno tricesimo ge.orcii II

A.D. 175

n

plying for the Damage J"

Justices in session.

Time and Place of Trustees Meeting.

dant acted as a Commissioner, or nominated or appointed a Person to alas a Commissioner in the Execution of this al; and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant, unless he shall prove in his Defence, that he was, at the Time of his so acting, nominating, or appointing, qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or sins s^c^and more them are hereby authorised, and shall have full Power, from time to time hereafter, at their bereft Engines, ^dls and Pleasures to alter, remove, rebuild or repair any of the Engines, Gools, or other Works already made and ereiled, and to make, and cause to be made, such new Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Outlets, and other Works, in and through, and to make and creel, or cause to be made and ereiled such Engines, Sluices, Gools, or other Works, upon the ibid Lands and Grounds so bounded and described as aforesaid, or any of the Banks adjoining thereto, for draining and conveying the Waters from the same Lands into the River Onze, through the Banks of that River, as shall be thought fit, necessary and convenient, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners herein after appointed for the Purposes aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners shall make, or cause to be made, any Bank, Cut, Drain, Dam, Outlet, or other Work, in or through any several Grounds, or ereil or make, or cause to be ereiled or made, any Engine or Engines, or other Work thereon, they shall pay such a reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons having a Right to the said several Grounds, in or through which such Bank, Cut, Drain, Dam, Outlet, or other Work shall be made, or whereupon such Engine or Engines or other Work shall be ereiled, for the Damage done thereby, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the Party or Parties having Right to such several and if the Parties Grounds; and if the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the said Party or Parties, can faincto^rad nc not asree about the Value of such Damage; then, as shall be assessed and adjudged, by the Justices of judged by the the Peace, or the major Part of them, not interested in the said Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, at any General Quarter session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to be held for that Division of the said County of Norfolk, wherein the said Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen lies, within twelve Months next after such Damages hall he done.

V. And, for the better putting this Act in Execution; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners herein named, or any five or more of them, shall twice in every Year, to wit. On the first Monday in April, and on the first Monday in October, or at any other Time or Times, as they shall see Cause, or think convenient, pursuant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose signed by five or more of the said Commissioners, and affixed upon the Bridge of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, at lead six Days before every such other Meeting, meet at same Public House in Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid, King's Lynn, or Watiington in the said County, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; the first Meeting to be at the Sign of the Dolphin in Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid, on Monday the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and may adjourn themselves and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment; and, at any such original or adjourned Meetings, shall be and are hereby empowered to make Orders, and give Directions for altering, removing, rebuilding or repairing, any of the Engines, Gools, or other Works already ereiled, and for making such proper new Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Outlets, and other Works, through the said Lands and Grounds, and for making and erecting such proper Engines and other Works, thereon and also for the better Government, and more orderly Management of the said Works, and the Maintenance thereof; and to appoint one or more Collector or Colleilois, Receiver or Receivers, or such other proper Officer or Officers, with reasonable Salaries, for the making and taking care of such Works, and for collecting the Rates and assessments which shall be made or assessed for the making and Maintenance

Officers may te thereof, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper: Which said

removed. Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, so to be named and appointed

as aforesaid, shall and may be altered and removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, so assembled at such Meeting or Meetings so to be held as aforesaid, who shall and may choose and appoint another or others in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so altered and removed, as often as Occasion shall require; and such Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, so to be named and appointed as aforesaid, before he or they shall act in the To give Security. Execution of their several Offices, shall give such Security to the said Commissioners for the due Execution of such their respective Offices, and for the executing and performing the several Trusts to them committed, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, hall in their Discretion, see fit and require.

Commissioners to

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all and every or any of such Meeting jayanequalacie or Meetings, so to be held by the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com in*v' Vr V re missioners, or any five or more of them, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner each Year. or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so bounded and described as aforesaid, by an equal and proportional acre tax, in any Rate or Sum not exceeding two Shillings per Acre in each Year, for the making, carrying into Execution, and efi edling the said Works of Draining, and for maintaining the same, and for other the Purposes herein mentioned; and to limit and appoint such certain Days and Places for the respective Payments thereof. half yearly, to the Colleger or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Time being, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands shall direct and appoint,

Comnvffionf rs may make Orders, c.

choose Officers.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 32s 113

VII. Provided always, That no Assessment, Rate or Tax, shall he made, coliesicd or levied, upon. Highlands not forpr in respect 6f any Highlands, within the Boundaries aforesaid, not subject to Inundations; and if to be charged. any Dispute shall arise, whether any of such Lands ought to be deemed Highlands, the same shall be determined by five or more of the said Commissioners, at any of their said Meetingsj but in case they shall diitcfren 1 r

not determine such Dispute within three Months after they shall be requested so to do, or if any Person mine 1 r nf or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves, aggrieved by such Determination of the said Commissioners, then it shall and may be lawful for him, her or them., to apply and appeal to the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to beholden for the aforesaid Division of the said County of Norfolk, within six Months after such Dispute or Determination hall happen; which said Justices shall and may adjourn such Dispute and Appeal to any other Session of the Peace for the said Division of the said County, and finally determine the same at any of the said Sessions, and give such coas to either Party as they hall think reasonable.

VIII. And forasmuch as the said Money so to be rated, levied, collected, and gathered as aforesaid, Commissionemo will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expense of altering, removing, rebuilding, or repairing borrow Money < ar.y of the Engines, Gools, or other Works already erected, and making such new Banks, Cuts, on the Tax' '

Dams, Outlets, and other Works, and erecting such Engines and other Works as will be northeast eeflary for draining, and for the speedy Improvement of the Arid Fen Lands, and Low Grounds Be Money not to be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more meet

them, shall and may, and are hereby empowered, from time to time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of fngl and not by Money which they hall think necessary, for altering, removing, rebuilding, or repairing the said Engines, lets than 7 Com gools, or other Works already erected, and the making, carrying on, and preferring the said Works; missioners. and by Writing under their Hand and Seals, to assign over the said Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money abovementioned to be' assessed, rated, taxed, and charged as aforesaid, or any Part thereof (the coas and Charges of which Assignments shall be born and paid out of the Paid Tax) for any such Time or Times, or Number of Years, and in such Manner and Form, as to the said Commissioners, or any seven Or more of them shall seem meet, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for that Purpose, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance and lend the same, to secure the Repayment thereof, with Interest, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum; which Application of said Money so borrowed shall be applied, in the first Place, to pay and discharge the Charges and Ex the Money, pences of obtaining this Act of Parliament, and then shall be applied and disposed of in altering, removing, rebuilding or repairing any of the Engines, Gools or other Works already creeled, and in making such new Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Outlets and other Works, and erecting such Engines and other Works as aforesaid, for the effecting the draining and improving the aid Fen Lands, and Low Grounds described as aforesaid, and to be applied and disposed of to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case Default shall be made by any commissionm Pc rfon or Persons so assessed, rated, taxed and charged as aforesaid, in his, her or their respective pay "i3)'dlfirain, or mentsp fd to be assessed and rated, and appointed to be made as aforesaid, by the Space of twenty Days laxcs* after the Time limited for the Payment thereof, and Demand made by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed as aforesaid, by leaving Notice in Writing of such Demand, at the inofi notorious Part of the Premises, charged with the Sum or Sums so assessed and rated, or at the usual or last Place Of Abode of the person or Persons who is, are or ought to pay the same, or at the Door of the Church of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid; hall and maybe lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by Virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby empowered, from time to time to make, as Occasion shall require) to distrain any Goods, Chattels or Cattle of any Person or Persons making Default in his, her or their respective Payments as aforesaid, wherever the same shall be found; and also' any Goods, Chattels or Cattle that shall be found upon the said Grounds and pre misses so charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money; and the Goods, Chattels and Cattle so distrained, to keep for the Space of five Days, at the Cofis and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Difirefs at the dwelling house, or some other notorious Part of the said Grounds and Premises, and to cause the same to be appraised and sold, as hereafter mentioned; and if the said Owner or Owners hall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed and rated, Difirefs may be together with the Charges of making such Warrant, and taking such Distress, and keeping and main ^pprai^d and taming the same, within the said five Days, and then the said Goods, Chattels and Cattle so distrained^' ter^shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish where the same shall be taken, or other sufficient persons, and be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for Payment of the said Money so assessed and rated, and also of the said Charges, and likewise of the Charges of ap prailing and selling such Difirefs, and the Overplus coming by such Sale (if any be) over and above the Sum or Sums so rated and assessed, and the aforesaid Charges shall he returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and the several and respective Occupier and Occupiers of all and Angular the said th^rates^ant Fen Lands and Low Grounds so bounded and described as aforesaid, which shall be assessed or rated deduct the same by Virtue of this ai, are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall out ofiherent?. be so assessed and rated upon such Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and to deductr out of the pent so much of the said Assessment or Rate as the said Fen Lands or )Low Grounds, or Occupier or Oc voi. VIII. Q cupiers

j 14 C 3 2.

Anno tricesimo

Georgii II.

A.D.

Person neglecting to pay the Rates lor 2 Mom Its after Demand, forfeits 5 s. for eve

*) b

to be levied by Distress and Sale; if no Distress be round, the Lands to remain a Security for the Tax, &c.

Ra'es liable to the pajrr.ent of

1757-

cupiers in Respect thereof shall be assessed or rated at; and the Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective ir.terefts, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and that every Occupier paying such Assessment or rate, shall be acquitted and disc narged lor so much Money as the said Assessment or Rate shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons unto whom his, her or their Rent should have been due and payable.

t X And, to the End that the full Sum which shall be so rated or assessed: be duly answered and paid; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall refuse or neglect to pay to the Collector the Sum with which he or she shall be respectively charged by the Space of two Months, after a personal Demand hath been made thereof by the said Collector, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the further Sum of five Shillings for every twenty Shillings which shall be in Arrear and unpaid, to be y ics. he shall levied by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as any other Penalty

em Arrear; js herein before directed to be levied; and the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be appliea

towards carrying on the said Works of Draining, and other the Purposes of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Lands and Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, or the Owner or Owners thereof

shall not be found, so that no sufficient Distress can be made for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Goods and Chattels which shall] at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised and sold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and 'Paxes and Charges, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Rates, Taxes and Sums of Money hereby enacted to be afrelled upon and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Grounds and Premif

Ar Money bor fcs aforesaid, shall be charged and chargable, in the first Place, with and for the Payment of all and every revved. See. such Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the ir.terest thereof, from Time to Time, and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money, and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied', together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the nonpayment thereof. '

XIII. And, for the more effectually securing unto such Creditors as aforesaid the regular Payment of all Interest that shall, from Time to Time, become due unto them for or in Respect of any such Prin cipal Money so to be lent and advanced by them as aforesaid, 'It is hereby further enacted, That when Creditors may and lo often as any half yearly or yearly Payments of Interest shall become due unto any such Creditors d.stram lor inte as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; and the same shall have remained in iuk earw ^rrear and unpaid by the Space of three Months next after the Day or Days on which the same ought to

vvftth!n*3 Month; ^'lvc been paid. Demand thereof having been first made of the Receiver or Collector of the said Rates and aficr. Paxes for the Time being, if there should then be any such Officer residing in or within five Miles of the said Parish of iviggen hall Saint Mary Magdalen; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Creditor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, forthwith to raise and levy by Distress and Sale of any Goods, Chattels or Cattle that shall be found upon any Part of the said Lands, Grounds and Premises, so charged or chargeable as aforesaid, with the Payment of the Lid Rates and Taxes, all and every such Arrear and Arrears of Interest as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of raising and levying the same, returning the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels or Cattle so distrained and sold; and the aforesaid Commissioners, at their next Meeting which shall be held after such Distress so taken as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required, out of the said Rates and Taxes, to reimburse unto such Owner or Owners all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been so raised and levied upon him, her or them by such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Alignments or Securities so to be made as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of seven or more of the said of, shall and may be assignable or transferrable by Endorsement on the original Grant or Security thereof or otherwise, without Stamp, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Alignment shall be made, shall from thenceforth he well and sufficiently inti tied to all the Moneys due and to grow, due on the said original Grant or Seen rity.

XV. And it is further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, burn or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, flood gate or Sluice already erected or made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or creating, or made or erected for the draining or improving the said Pen Lands or Low Grounds, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by or before whom such Person shall be tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to transport such Felons for seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, maliciously destroy, fiop, dam up, spoil or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Door, Dam, Bridge or other Work or Works already made or credled, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected for answering the Purposes aforesaid, or shall lay or set any Nets or other Engines therein, every Person or Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, of Norfolk, who are hereby required to hear and determine the lame, on the Oath ol one or more credible

/flignments trar.slerrabie without Sump.

Person maliciously destroying the Works guijfy of fejcny

Persons malici vuflv flopping up, Are. any Drain, &c.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 32. 115

ble Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confection of the Party offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds to the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes for which the aid shall forfeit zol. Rates and Taxes are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every, such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the said Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and, in Default of such Distress or Payment of the said full Sum of twenty Pounds, the Person or Person so offending shall, by the said justices, be committed to the House of Correction of the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for such or be kept Time as such Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding six Months, at the Discretion of the said Ju hard labour, ftices by whom such Commitment shall be made.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time make or Pemltv for ma cause to be made any watering-place or Place of Acceis for Cattle to drink in any of the mill drains waterin'^n^h within the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or shall continue to use any such watering-place or Place Mill drams" of Access, after Notice in Writing to the contrary thereof given to him, her or them, by any two er more of the said Commissioners, every Person or Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Shillings to the said Commissioners, to be applied as aforesaid, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seai of the said justice before whom such conviction shall be made.

XVII. And to the End that it may appear clearly what is raised from Time to Time, by Virtue of the said Assessments or Rates, and how the same hath been applied, and that all Accounts relating to 6 the Moneys raised and disbursed by Virtue of this act, may be fairly examined; ' Be it further enacted Accounts how to by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause a Book be kept and enos Assessment to be made and kept, and all Rates and Act'efi ments made as aforesaid under this act to betcred' fairly entered therein; and also a Book of Account to be made and kept, and an Account of all the Receipts and Disbursements relating to all Moneys received or disbursed by Virtue of this act, to be fairly entered in the same; and that no Accounts shall be parted or allowed, unless the same shall be kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid; and that once in every Year, to wit. The first Adonday in April, they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, being the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting, shall carefully inspect and examine all Receipts and Disbursements of such Moneys as shall be collected, received or disbursed by Virtue of this Act!, to the twenty-fifth Day of March then next before such Meeting, and Vouchers relating to the same; at which said Time the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid, are hereby required to attend with his or their Books of Assessment, Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination of the said Accounts upon Oath, to be admini ^ ftered by five of the said Commissioners, and which Oath five of the said Commissioners are hereby im c°unatseupon powered to administer, the said Commissioners, or any such five or more of them as aforesaid, are Oath, hereby empowered and ordered to allow and pass the said Account as they shall think fit, or such Part or Parts of the same as they shall see just and reasonable; such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts of them as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them as aforesaid, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered into two several Sets of Books to be kept for those Purposes; one Set whereof shall be kept by the said Commissioners, and the other Set shall remain in the Church Chest: of the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen aforesaid; the said Books shall and may be inspect ed and perused, at any Time at seasonable Hours, by any Person or Persons, being an Owner or Owners of any Part of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, requiring the same, without Fee or any other Reward.

XVIII. And it is.hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners and Occupiers Directions con. of Lands, lying and being within the Boundaries aforesaid, shall make, and from Time to Time, and at cerning Dikes all Times hereafter, keep all the Outring or Division Dikes or Drains belonging to their said Lands re and Drains, spectively, nine Feet wide and five Feet deep from the level Soil; and shall also, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, cause the same Dikes or Drains to be well and effectually roaded, scoured and cleansed from Weeds and other Rubbish and obstructions, and cause Bridges or Tunnels to be laid over bridgesanitun* the said Dikes and Drains, where the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, at any of the said nels< Meetings, shall judge necessary for the better iiluing, running and conveying away the Waters therein; and if any such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make or keep such his or her Dikes °gf Owners neg drains of the Dimensions aforesaid, or to road, scour or cleanse the same from Weeds or other Rubbish commissi or obstructions, after fourteen Days Notice to him or her given, or left at his or her last or usual Place oners may order of Abode, in Writing under the Hands of two or more of the said Commissioners, then shall such Owner Drains, c. to or Occupier forfeit twopence per Rod for every Rod neglected to be so roaded, scoured and cleansed; and fce0ajean<1 the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and coure required to cause the same to be done in a proper and effectual Manner; and by Warrant under their Pena typer 0*Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower their Collector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons[ [ leto

levy and raise the Money expended in doing thereof, and also the said Penalty of twopence for every vie" withe Rod so neglected as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels as shall at any Time charges, thereafter be found on the Lands or Grounds to which such Drains or Dikes, Bridges or Tunnels shall appertain or belong; such Penalty to be applied as is herein before directed concerning the Penalty for damaging any of the Works made or erected, or to be made or erected. by or under the Authority of this

CL " act j

i i6j

o

of not to prejudice the Navigation of the Ouzc.

Limitation of Actions.

[General issue.]

[Publick Act.]

Treble Coffo.

C 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Act; and the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, shall and may levy the Money To expended, by Distress and Sale of the same Goods and Chattels, together with all incident Charges, in the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are herein before directed to be levied, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this A!, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said of appointed for putting this AIN Execution, to ere! or setup any Sluice or Dam across the River Onze, or to do or perform any other Work or Works which may prejudice the Navigation of the said River Ouzc, or obstrinr or hinder any Waters from falling down the said River, through Lynn Channel to Sea.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any aion, Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted again! any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, and in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby given, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fac! committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such ac!ions or Suits shall and may plead the General issue; and if in Replevin, may juilify ar.cl avow by Virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of of of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, other than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of the said A; if the same shall appear to have been so done; or if any such aion or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any other County; then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass again! him, her or them; or Judgement be given against him, her or them, upon a Demurrer, or otherwise; then and in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants shall recover treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy, as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, 'taken and allowed to be a public Act; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the severa] parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground and water newton in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Townships or Parishes of

W Ramsey, Bury, jvijhiv, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground and floater newton in the County of Huntingdon, and also in the Township or Parish of Doddington in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, ' containing in the Whole, by Estimation, nine thousand one hundred and eighteen Acres, or., there about, and which are bounded and described as follows; that is to say. Beginning at the South Bank of the Forty Foot River, and from thence along by the Side of the Outring Ditch of a Piece of Ground of William Chandler, which divides that and a Muchwood Part, called A Thiflle Green Lot; and from thence to the farmyard of Coulson Felloius Esquire, now in the Occupation of Abraham Stajfonrtb; and from thence along the Skirts of the Highlands belonging to the said Farm; and from thence along the Skirts of the Highlands of Worlick Farm; and from thence along by the Skirts of the Highlands of another

Farm of the said Coulson Fellowes, in the Tenure or Occupation of Elizabeth Salmon, Widow; and from

thence along by the Skirts of the Highlands of one other Farm of the said Coulson Fellowes, now in the Oc

of Henry Brown', and from thence along the Skirts of the Highlands adjoining to certain Fen Grounds called The Hollow Head \ and from thence along the Highland Skirts of a Ground called theoak tree Ground, to the Skirts of the Highlands of Simon Earl of Harcourt, to the Outring Ditch that divides the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, to the Outring Dike of a Bury Fen Lot belonging to Richard ratson,

which divides that Lot from a Lot of John Poulter, Yeoman, to a certain Drove called Long Drove, and across the said Drove to the Outring Dike of a Lot of Helen Smith, Widow, which divides a Lot of the said John Poulter and a Lot of Ann Sibley, Widow, to the Outring Dike of Jonathan Nichclls Gcn tlcman, and along the said Dike to the North End of a Piece of Land called willow row, belonging to the Said John Poulter, and along the East and South Dike of the said willow row to a Drove called Jack's Corner Drove, and along the said Drove to a twenty Acre Piece, of Sir John Barmaid Baronet,

and along the Division Dike, which divides a Lot of Stephen Gofslin, Yeoman, and a Lot of the said Sir John Barnard, to a Division Dike, which in Part divides the said twenty Acres and Vicar's Closes, and thence across a Drain, which in Part divides the said Vicar's cloj cs and Jack's Corner, the Lands of the said Sir John Barnard, to a Dike which divides the Highlands of the said Vicar's Closes from the fenny Parts thereof, to a Ildjhw Fen Lot called Durr ant's Lot, from thence to a Drove called D arrant's Drove to ivijlow Fen Long Drove, and from thence to jvijlow Stray pa/lurc Drove, and along the same to jvijtow Stray Fashire, and along the Highland Skirts thereof to the Division Dike which divides the Pa ' rii.li of Warboys and the said ivijlow Stray Pasture, and the Land Skirts of Warboys Stray Paflurc next

the

ir

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 33.

the fenny Parts thereof, to the Outring Dike of the said Stray Pasture, which divides that and the Common called Old Stray Pasture, and along the said Dike to the Outring Dike of Mary Catlin, Widow,

which divides her Adventurers Land and the said Common called the Old. Stray Pasture; and from thence to Paddock Drove; and from thence along the said Drove to Paddock Bridge, or the South Bank of the Forty Foot River; and from thence along the said Bank, to that Part thereof which is opposite to the aforesaid Piece of Ground of the said William Chandler, adjoining to his Muchwood Part, and called 4 A Thi/uc Green Lot; and all the Lands and Grounds lying within such Boundaries, containing by Efti mation, three thousand eight hundred and fifty seven Acres, or thereabouts, which said Lands and Grounds may be conveniently, and are therefore herein after made, the first District of the Lands and Grounds intended by this atto be drained and preferred; and all those Lands and Grounds lying within the Fen called Stocking Fen or Stocking Fen Lottery, beginning at the House of Robert Boyden in the Great lijbite at Ramsey town's End, along tha East Bank of Ramsey High Load to the drove way which runs from the said High Load opposite to the Gate of the Yard called The Brieklin, and thence along the Dikes which divide Muchwood Parts, Bangor's Fields, and the said Stocking Fen; and thence by the Dike which divides the Lands of David Burges and Holiday's Closes, to the Outring dike which divides the Grounds called ijlington; and by the said Dike, to Muckhill Encl\ and so along the Drove at the yard's End to the Garden and House of the said Robert Boyden, and all the Lands and Grounds lying within such Boundaries in the said Township or Parish of Ranifey, containing by Estimation,

two hundred and fifty Acres, or thereabouts; which Lands and Grounds may be conveniently, and are therefore herein after made the second District of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved; all those Lands and Grounds lying within the said Fen called The Bill or

Bill Lottery, bounded on every Side by the Nene, Ranifey High Load, and the Bill Load, and all the

Lands and Grounds lying within such Boundaries, in the said Township or Parish of Ranifey, containing by Estimation, two hundred and sixty four Acres, or thereabouts; which Lands and Grounds may be conveniently, and are therefore herein after made, the third District of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved; and all those Lands and Grounds bounded and described as follows; that is to say. Beginning at the Gateway upon the Bank on the North Side of the River Nene, between the Lands called Plazvs, and the Corner of the Outring Dike of a Loadfend Lot of Robert Sergeant, along the said Bank next the River Nene, to Peter Defcow's Bridge; and then by the

Side of Ranifey Hern next the said River, to the Corner of Draper's Delph, and from thence to be

continued next to the Outring Dike of Ranifey Hern, next Draper's Delph, to the said River Nene,

along the East Bank thereof, to Dantrce Style, next the Common called The Gore Common; and along the same, next the Outring Dike of Dantrce Farm; and excluding Dantree Farm, to a Farm of the said c.oulfon Fellowes, in the Occupation of hofccitaffne; and along the said Farm, next the Outring Dike of the said Dantree Farm; and thence along the North Side of the Division Dike which divides the Lands of Matthew ivyldbore Esquire, now in the Tenure of fohnfon, Widow, and the said

Dantree Farm, to the Bank of the said Widow fohnfon, next Whittlesea Mere, and along the same Bank,

to Bevill's Riverside; and from thence along the South West Side of a drove way.which divides the Parishes of ivater newton and Whittlesea; and from thence across Upwood Drove and Drain near Plumber's 4 Bridge, to the South West Side of Delph Dike, to the Division Dike which divides Middlemans. and Loadfend aforesaid; then along the Side of the same Dike to the Gateway upon the Bank on the North Side of the River Nene, between the Lands called Plaws and the Corner of the Outring Dike of 4 a Loadfend Lot of Robert Serjeant aforesaid, containing by Estimation, two thousand nine hundred and ninety one Acres, or thereabouts; which Lands and Grounds may be conveniently, and are therefore herein after made the fourth District of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and pre served; and all those Lands and Grounds called Loadfend and Longbeach, with Beaupre and jvinfore Mere, and the Adventurers Lands of Robert Boyden, in the said Township or Parish of Ramsey, containing by Estimation, five hundred and forty-three Acres, or thereabouts; which Lands and Grounds maybe conveniently, and are therefore herein after made the fifth District of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved; all those Lands and Grounds called Meerfde and Midfetter Lottery, in the said Township or Parish of Ramsey, with fifty Acres, now belonging to Francis Ibcrfon, and one hundred and eighty Acres to the said Coulson Fellowes, containing in the Whole by Estimation, one thousand two hundred and thirteen Acres, or thereabouts, and bounded as follows; that is to say, Beginning upon Delph Dike, opposite to the Outring Dike of Francis iberson's fifty Acres, next Glajf mere, to the Outring Dike of the one hundred and eighty Acres of the said Coulson Fellowes, next Glaff more, to a Drove called Hurfdrove, and along the same Drove to a Farm of the said Coulson Fellowes, now in the Tenure of ij aac hanch.r; and along the Outring Dike which divides the said Farm and Meerfde Lottery, to a certain Style, or Pleading on the Bank next the River Nene; from thence along the same Bank to another Farm House of the said Coulson Fellowes, in the Tenure of William Brown; and along the same Bank to Bodfey Gravel and Loadfend Bank; and from thence along Delph Dike Drove, opposite to a certain Farm of the said Matthew ivylclbore, in the Tenure of Bartholomew libit, across the Meerfde Drove, upon Delph Dike Bank, to the Corner of the Outring Dike of the fifty Acres next Glajfmore, of the said Francis Ibcrfon, opposite to Delph Dike aforesaid; all the Lands and Grounds within such Boundaries; which Lands and Grounds may be conveniently, and are therefore herein after made the sixth District of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved, which are subject to be overflowed, but are capable of being drained, and thereby greatly improved May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent

3 Majesty,

divided into six Districts

cstr.rwften.ers for the m.d. District;

the second Distnft;

for the third D: (drift;

for the fourth Dtftricl j

for the nr.h District; the sixth Uiftrid.

Perpetual corn nuitioners.

Commissioners to be cle&ed scauaiiy.

Commifti "'nets c\in', ire. othirs to te cholic.

C 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comm ms, this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall be and are hereby divided into six Districts, in such and the same Manner as the same are herein before set forth, bounded and described, and shall be called and known by the Names of the first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth Districts, in such Manner as is herein before particularly mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Persons herein after appointed and nominated, and their Successors, to be elected in such Manner as is herein after directed, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act, and all the Powers herein contained in Execution, within and in relation to the said several Districts; is to say, That the Lord or Lady for the Time being of the respective Manors of Bury and jvijiow, or in his or her Absence, an Agent appointed by such Lord or Lady respectively, under his or her Hand, together with Read Peacock, Robert Boyden, James Edwards, John Dixon, Richard Lovell, William Scotcbbrook, Jonathan Nicholls, James Pearson, John Beard, Henry Pculter, Francis Overall, Francis Iberson, John Burges, John Cole, John Poulter, John Campion, jviiliam Campion, Barnabas Brighty, Robert Hotcbkins, Stephen Gojlin, jvuliam Gojlin, John Waller, Thomas Pyke and William Upright, shall be the Commissioners for the first District: That William Chandler, Peter def covj, Francis Overall, Francis Iberson, Robert Boyden, John Beard, William Campion, Francis jvife, David Burges, Abraham Staffourth, Francis Lee, William Aajlin and John Burges, shall be the Commissions for the second District: That Francis Overall, Francis jvije, William Chandler, David Burges, Francis Phillips, John Dixon, Thomas Charter, John Poulter, Richard Leach, John Smith, John Burges, Owen Fann fienior, and Barnabas Brighty, shall be the Commissioners for the third District: That the Agent of the Right Honourable Heyiry Earl of Lincoln, and the Heirs or Assigns of the said Earl, being Owners of the Lands which are now possessed by him in the fourth District, together with Peter dej cow, Robert Butcher, Hungerford Ideate, Benjamin Leiall, Jacob Bailey, Roger Burges, Isaac Bailey and Matthew jvyldbore, shall be Commissioners for the fourth District: John Dixon, Barnabas Brighty, James Poulter, John alid dlcton of Upwood, Richard Brown, Robert Sergeant, James Peirfon, Richard Potts, Henry Hampshire, John Clarkson and John Middleton of Rarnjiy, shall be Commissioners for the fifth District: That Francis Iberson, Isaac Hanchor, Samuel Hawkins, Thomas Selby, Barnabas Brighty, John Sergeant, William aujvin, John Dixon, George Kcate and Matthew jj/yldbore, shall be the Commissioners of the sixth District: And that the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Ramsey, or in his or her Absence, an Agent appointed by such Lord or Lady, under his or her Hand, shall be one other Commissioner for each and every of the said six Districts.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords or Ladies of the said Manors for the Time being, and in their Absence the said Agents, and the Agent of the said Earl of Lincoln, his said Heirs or Assigns, shall be at all Times hereafter Commissioners for the respective Districts for which they are herein before appointed: And that the several other Persons nominated Commissioners for the said Districts respectively, shall continue Commissioners until the Friday in Easter Week one thousand fevy hundred and fifty-eight, or until other Commissioners shall be chosen in Manner hereafter directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietors of Lands within the said respective Districts, being qualified as is herein after mentioned, shall assemble in the Parish Church of Ramsey, on the Friday in Easter Week one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, elect such Number of Commissioners for the Year ensuing as is herein after respectively mentioned; that is to say. For the first District, twenty-four Commissioners, thirteen of whom shall be Owners of Land within such District in the Parish of Ramsey, six shall be Owners of Land within such District in the Parish of Bury, and the remaining five shall be Owners of Land within such District in the Parish of jvijiow: For the second District, thirteen Commissioners: For the third District, thirteen Commissioners: For the fourth District, eight Commissioners: For the fifth District, eleven Commissioners; and for the sixth District, ten Commissioners: And the said Proprietors of Lands respectively shall, in like Manner, assemble on the Friday in Easter Week in the next and every other succeeding Ye ir, and elect Commissioners for each District; the Persons so from time to time chosen, and being qualified as is herein afeer mentioned, shall act as Commissioners until the Friday in Easter Week in the succeeding Year'. And the Elections for each respective District shall be made by the Majority of the Proprietors of Lands within such Districts respectively, who shall be present at such Meetings; and in case of Equality of Voices, shall be determined by the Votes of the Proprietors present, who are Owners of the largest Share of the Lands in the Difirict for which such Meeting shall be held and such Election shall be made; and the Names of the Persons elected shall be entered by the Collectors or Receivers for such respective Districts, in Books to be kept for that Purpose: And in case the said Proprietors shall neglect to meet in any one Year, at the Time and in the Manner herein before appointed for the Choice of Commissioners for any one or more District or Districts, or being assembled, shall not make such Election, the Commissioners in the preceding Year for sich respective Difirict or Districts shall continue from time to time Commissioners for the succeeding Year and until a new Election shall be made on the Friday in Easter Week as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That from time to time, as often as any Commissioner hereby nominated, or hereafter to be elected in Manner aforesaid, for the said several Diitiicts respectively, or at.y of them, shall die or become disqualiiied, it shall and may be lawful for the 1 Proprietors

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C

119

33'

Proprietors of Lands in such Districts respectively, who are qualified as aforesaid, to elect one other Commissioner in the Stead of the Commissioner so dying or becoming disqualified, from time to time as often as Occasion shall require; and every Commissioner so elected sir a] 1 from time to time have the same Authority for executing this Act, as the Commissioner in whose stead he shall be elected, was invested with.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, hereby appointed or hereafter to be elected, except only such Lords or Ladies of such Manors, or such Agents as aforesaid, shall be enabled to meet, sit or act as a Commissioner for any of the said Districts, nor shall any Proprietor of Lands be entitled to vote at any Election of a Commissioner or Commissioners, unless such Person so appointed or to be elected a Commissioner, and such Proprietor respectively shall be qualified qualifie.tion of as is herein after mentioned; that is to say, For the first Difiridt, unless he shall be seized in Fee or for Commissionew. Life, of one six Acre Hollow Lot, or of one five Acre Hollow Lot, or of one Bury Fen Lot, or of one jviflow Fen Lot, or of twenty Acres of Adventurers or other Lands within such Difiridt; nor for the e cond Difiridt, unless he shall be seized in Fee or for Life, of one Stocking Fen Lot within such Difiridt; nor for the third Difiridt, unless he shall be seized in Fee or for Life, of one Bill Lot within such Difiridt; nor for the fourth Difiridt, unless he shall be seized in Fee or for Life, of sixty Acres of Adventurers lands within such Difiridt, or of twenty Acres within the Gore lying within the same Difiridt; nor for the fifth Difiridt, unless he shall be seized in Fee or for Life, of one Loadfend Lot, or of one Longbeach Lot within such Difiridt; nor for the sixth Difiridt, unless he shall be seized in Fee or for Life, of ore me^erfide Lot, or one Midfetter Lot, or of fifty Acres of other Land within such Difiridt; and in case there shall not be in any one Difiridt such a Number of Persons qualified to be Commissioners as is herein before authorised to be elected for such Difiridt, then and in such Case, any less Number of Persons so qualified may be elected; the Number to be elected shall never exceed the respective Numbers herein before mentioned; and if any Person or Persons not being so qualified, shall presume Penalty onto vote for, or act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every |, aeons such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, nottjai e Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Weshnhifter, wherein no Essoin, pro tedtion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall, prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be applied.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners for each of Meetings of the said Districts shall twice in every Year, to wit. On the Tuesday next after Trinity Sunday, and the Tuesday

next after Martinmas Day, and at such other Times as they shall think proper, meet at some convenient Place or Places in Ramsey aforesaid, to be appointed by such respective Commissioners for that Purpose:

the first Meeting (or each of the said Districts shall be held at the House known by the sin of the George in the said 1'own of Ramsey, on the Tuesday next after Trinity Sunday in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven: And the Commissioners so respectively assembled, shall proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall then, and from time to time afterwards adjourn themselves, to meet at such other Time and Times, and Place or Places in the said Town of Ramsey, as they shall think fit: And the Commissioners for the said respective Districts shall also meet at any other Time and Times in the said Town of Ramsey as often as shall be necessary, and be required by any three or more of the Commissioners for such Districts: But three Days Notice at the least, shall be first given in the Parish Church of Ramsey, on the lord's Day in the Forenoon, immediately after Divine Service; and a Copy of such Notice affixed on the West Door of the said Church, of every such Meeting which shall not be held by Adjournment, or on the Days appointed by this Act: And that all Meetings in pursuance of this Act shall be held in the Town of Ramsey, and at no other Place; and no more than the Sum of one Shilling shall be expended, at any one Meeting of the Commissioners for the said. respective Districts, out of the Moneys to arise by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said re commifij.uierj spective Districts shall be and are hereby fully empowered at their Wills and Pleasures, from time to time to nij !£' "'; J, to make, support, alter and maintain, or cause to be made, supported, altered and maintained, such

Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, Headings, Trays, Stamps and Outlets, in, through and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds in such respective Districts; and to make, erect, remove, alter, repair and maintain such Works and Engines thereupon; and if any Works or Engines are already made or erectea in such Districts, to remove, alter, repair or continue the same, in such Manner as they the said respective Commissioners shall from time to time think necessary or convenient for draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds; and also to make such Orders, and give such Directions for carrying on, and for the better and more orderly Government of the said Works, and for executing the purposes of this Act, as they the said respective Commissioners shall think proper.

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to give the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any of them, any Right, Power or Authority, to exclude the Waters paf rin Sift an 1

second

not to be excluded born the pr^p r Outlets, S: C

Waters pa/nr.y. frern II eii audr;

fine

I 20

s&wfaaion to be mad:

In case of Difference Damage? to oe settled at the qoarur seltions.

If any private Mill is taken doxn, conimif sioners to make Satisfaction to the Owner.

comn ffior.ers may appoint Officers, and allow them Salaries.

Officers to give Security.

Commissioners not to hold a Place of Profit.

The Acre Tax for the respective Dirttifts.

Ramsey Hern, Src. exempt from all Taxes,

Taxes to be levied by Dittiefs and Sale,

t«nin*.« may

p ty '1 arc!, and i dot! thmi

from then Rent

C 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

sing from the Lands that shall be adjudged Highlands, within the first and second districts, or other higli lands adjoining thereto, by any Banks, Dams, or other Works to be made, from the proper Runs and Outlets for the Waters draining from of the said Lands; anything in this act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X Provided also, That if any such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, Headings, Trays, Stamps,

Outlets, Works or Engines shall be made and erected in, through and upon any fevers! Lands in the said respective Districts, or if any Land shall be cut, and Earth taken therefrom, for the Purpose of im banking, or any other of the Purposes of this act, such reasonable Satisfaction shall be made to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, for the Damages he, she or they shall thereby fufhiin, as shall be agreed upon between such respective Commissioners and such Owner or Owners; and in case of Difference concerning the same, such Difference shall be determined and settled, in such and the same Manner as Disputes whether Land shall or shall not be deemed Highlands, are herein after directed to be determined and settled.

XI. Provided also, That no private Mill shall, by the Order or Direction of the Commissioners for any of the said respective Districts, be taken down, removed or altered, or be employed for the Purposes of this Act, until such Recompense and Satisfaction shall be made to die Owner or Owners of every such Mill so to be taken down, altered or employed, as shall be agreed upon between such respective commissioners and Owner or Owners, and not otherwise, which Recompense or Satisfaction such respective Commissioners shall cause to be paid to such Owner or Owners out of the Moneys to be raised by virtue of this Act within, or in relation to such respective district; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said respective districts shall he and are hereby empowered from time to time to appoint such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and such other Officer or Officers for executing or taking care of such Works, and for collecting the Taxes or Assessments which shall be rated or assessed in each of the said Districts; and to allow them such Wages or Salaries for their Trouble and Pains therein, as they the said respective Com shall think reasonable; such Collectors or Receivers shall, before they act in the Execution, of their respective Offices, if the same shall be required by any one or more of the Commissioners for the respective district, give such Security for the due Execution of their several Offices, and for performing the Trusts to them committed, as the said respective Commissioners shall think fit.

XIII. Provided always, That no Person whatever shall act as a Commissioner during the Time he shall hold any Office of Profit in or relating to the Execution of this act.

1. 1

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Conhmif, t sioners for the said respective districts, assembled at their first and at any general half yearly Adeeting or Meetings, to act efs, rate and tax, all and every the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of all and singular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds in such respective Districts, by an equal and proportion able Acre Rate or Tax, not exceeding in any one Year the respective Sums following; that is to 'say. Not exceeding one Shilling for every Acre in the first and fourth Districts; not exceeding three Shillings' for every Acre in the second district, exceeding five Shillings for every Acre in the third district; nor exceeding two Shillings for every Acre in the fifth and sixth districts; and to appoint under their' Hands, such certain Days and Places for the Payment of such Taxes to the respective Collectors or Receivers, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XV. Provided always, That Ramsey Hern, and all other Commons within the several Districts, be exempt from ail 'Paxes to be aflelled by virtue of this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so rated or aflcfted as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Tax or Assessrfient charged upon him, her or them rcl pc ctively, within the Space of twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment to Be appointed as aforesaid, public Notice thereof being affixed upon the West Door of the Parish Church o Ramsey, on Demand made by the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or by any other Person or Persons authorised by him or them respectively for that Purpose \ shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or such other Person or Person si by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners for the respective district (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any two or more of them are hereby empowered and required from time to time to make as Occasion shall require) to levy the Sum or Sums so rated or assessed, and all the Arrears thereof, by Distress of the Hay, Corn, or other Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon all or any the Grounds and Premisses, for or in respect whereof such Taxes or Assessments shall be due; and such Corn, Hay, and other Goods and Chattels, to keep for the Space of five Days, ' at the Charge of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Owner or Owners shall not within the said Space of five Days pay the Sum or Sums so rated or aflelled, the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall he appraised by two or more Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the same shall be taken, or other sufficient Persons, and shall be sold by the Person or Persons making such Distress; the Overplus remaining, after the Rates or assessments, and the reasonable Charges of making, detaining, and selling " such Difir fs are satisfied, shall be returned to such Owner or Owners upon Demand: And the Tenant and Tenants of all and Angular the said Lands and Grounds which shall he assessed or rated by virtue of tins act, is and are hereby icquired and authorised to pay the Sum and Sums so aflcfted or rated, and to

I 2 I

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

33*

deduct the same out of his, her or their Rent; and every Tenant who shall make such Payment, shall he acquitted and discharged for so much Money as such Tax or assessment shall amount unto, as ir the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Rent of such Lands and Grounds, except except whee only where there is a Lease for three or more Years to come from the passing of this Act; in which case there i«al: ats the Proportion of the Tax or assessment which the Tenant ought to bear and pay in Consideration of the three ve«s Benefit he or she receives by such Lease be adjusted and awarded by the Commissioners for the Di 0 ° "'L' strict wherein the Lands and Grounds so leased shall be situate

Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of gromdsunoc the said.lands or Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no luhicient cupied to remain Distress can be found whereon to levy the said Taxes or Assessments, then the Lands and Grounds charged Vanity for with such Taxes or assessments Hi all always remain a Security for Payment thereof jf and ail Corn, Hay, t ldxes' and other Goods and Chattels which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised and sold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of such Taxes or assessments,

and the Charges of such Distress and detaining, keeping and selling the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied. r'

XVIII. Provided always, and it. is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the The Quantity of Quantities of such of the Lands, so to be rated and taxed as aforesaid within the said respective Districts, ratable Lands to as have not been heretofore divided by Lot to the several Proprietors, shall on or before the twenty-ninth be given in by the Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be given in to the Receivers or Collectors Owntis*

for such respective Districts, by the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of such Lands; and if any of the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of Land within any such District or Districts, shall neglect or refuse to give in to any such respective Receivers or Collectors a particular Account of the Number of Acres contained in their several Lands; or in case there shall be reason to suspect the Number of Acres is not truly rated in any such Account, it shall be lawful for the.of for the District wherein such Lands are situate, to order a Survey to be made of any of the said Lands by an able Surveyor, not being a Proprietor of any Lands in the District, upon Oath, which Oath any two of the Commissioners of the respective Districts are hereby empowered to administer; and the Survey which shall be so made, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said Commissioners to ascertain and determine the Quantities of such Lands; and the charge of surveying the Lands of such Person or Persons, as shall neglect or refuse to give in such Account, or delivering in a false Account, shall be paid by such Person or Persons respectively; i and in case of nonpayment thereof, shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered.; and in case it shall appear upon any such Survey, that the Number of Acres was truly Rated in any such Account, the Charge of such Survey shall be defrayed out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act within the respective District wherein the Survey shall be so made; and that the Quantities of fuclv; of the Lands, commonly called Lottery Lands, within the said respective Districts, as were heretofore divided by Lot to the several Proprietors of commonable Houses, shall be rated and taken by the said respective Commissioners, according to the usual estimated Quantity of such Lands respectively.

XIX. Provided always, That no Tax or assessment shall be rated, charged or levied, for or in respect Highlands not of any Lands being Part of the Lands bounded and described as aforesaid, which are known and distin to be charged. guished by the Name of Highlands, and have not been damaged by Inundations; and if any Dispute shall Manner of de arise, whether any such Lands shall or shall not be deemed Highlands, the same shall be determined upon termining which View, on or before the first Day of September one thousanu seven hundred and fifty seven, by any four are Highlancis. Commissioners appointed by or elected in pursuance of this Act, not having any Property in the District

where, such Lands shall lie; two of which said four Commissioners shall be nominated by the Commissioners for the District wherein such Dispute shall arise, and the other two Commissioners by the Proprietor or proprietors of the Lands in Dispute; and such four Commissioners shall before they proceed to determine such Dispute, choose one other.gommissioner, not having Property in such District, as an Umpire to determine such difpvite', incase such four Commissioners should be eaually divided in their Opinions; and all such Commissioners, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall t2ke an Oath well and truly to the hest of their judgement and.knowledge, to determine whether such Lands shall or shall not be 'deemed Highlands (which Oath, any one or more of the Commissioners are hereby im powered to; administer) and such Commissioners shall set forth their Determination in two distinct Writings, and shall sign the same, one of which Writings shall be delivered to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, and the other of such Writings, shall be deposited and kept in the said Parish Church of Ratpfey.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no assessment or Tax shall be made, collected or levied, Mr. wymbore's for or in respect of one hundred and eight Acres of Adventurers Lands belonging to the said Matthew ivyld Lands not to be bore, now in the Occupation of Bartholomew Ibbet, within the said sixth District, for so long Time only as taxed while the the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of those Lands, shall keep and maintain the Banks, now Ban are tup kept and maintained by him the said Matthew ivyldbojy, of a sufficient Height and Strength to keep the poue Waters (except those Waters shall overflow by a Breach of the Corporation Banks) draining from the Lands which are defended by the said Banks, from flowing into the said District.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the said re Taxes may be spective Districts to borrow, take up and receive any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper; assigned for Mound by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage, charge, assign and convey, or encumber the ney borrowed,

Taxes or Assessments so to be aflcfted and levied within such respective Districts, with and for the Repay, Vol. VIII'R'ment

i

& U4

Mcr'gages may le assigned:

And Afttgnnj nts usrslerred.

Th Sums to be 1 orrowed ir. each irfpoftive Di

Taxes to be Security for Moneys borrowed.

Application of the Moneys.

C hiigts of the Act to be paid in equal Parts by t jch dihrifi.

ar.mtalmeetings lor pifling ac tountj.

C 33. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

ment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption as shall be agreed on, so as the Interest for such Moneys do not exceed the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Mortgages and mortgage moneys shall and may be

assignable or transferable, by Endorsement on the original Grant or Security thereof, or otherwise, without Stamp, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Alignment shall be made, shall from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose for each respective District, be well and sufficiently entitled to such mortgage moneys and Interest, and all the Moneys due and to grow due thereon, which Entry is hereby required to be made upon Requtft, and producing such Alignment, and paying two Shillings and six Pence for every such Entry.'

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Assignee or Assignees, and every after assignee and Assignees shall and may in like Manner, by Endorsement or otherwise, without Stamp, assign and make over such Mortgage or Mortgages, and mortgage moneys, so assigned as aforesaid; and so toties quo ties as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than the respective Sums following shall be borrowed or owing at any one Time upon' the Credit or Security of the Taxes or aiteftmems in the said respective Districts; that is to say, In the first District, seven hundred and fifty Pounds; in the second District, two hundred Pounds; in the third District, three hundred Pounds; in the fourth District, six hundred Pounds; in the fifth District, three hundred Pounds; and in the fixt'n District, two hundred Pounds: And that the Taxes or assessments in each respective District, inall not, during the Time any Principal or interest moneys shall be due on the Security thereof, be less than the respective Sums herein before authorised to be rated, charged and assessed on such Districts; that when no Principal or interest moneys shall be due or owing, such Taxes or Assessments shall not exceed, in any one Year, the respective Sums following; that is to say, In the first and fourth Districts, eight Pence for every Acre; in the second and third Districts, two Shillings for every Acre; and in the fifth and sixth Districts, one Shilling for every Acre.

XXV. Provided always, and it is further enacted and declared, That the Taxes or Assessments within the said respective Districts, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the principal Money so to be borrowed by the Commissioners for such Districts respectively and the Interest of such Money, from Time to Time; and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights and Privileges of act efling, raising and recovering the le vcral Taxes or Assessments payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within such Districts respectively, for and in Respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners and their Collectors could have had, in case such Principal and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Taxes or assessments which shall be rated, charged and raised by Virtue of this Act, in each of the said Districts, and the Moneys borrowed on the Credit of such Taxes or Assessments respectively, shall be applied and expended in defraying such Proportions of the Expenses of obtaining this Act as is herein after mentioned, and in making, performing, erecting, providing and maintaining the Works for draining, imbanking and preserving the Lands in each District respectively, and in executing and performing such other Works as by this Act are directed or authorised to be done and performed by the respective Commissioners for such Districts, and in defraying the other neccll ary Expenses of executing this Act, and in Discharge of the Principal and Interest of the Moneys borrowed in Relation to and upon Account of every such District respectively; and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expenses of obtaining this Act shall be, in the first Place, fully paid and satisfied out of the Taxes or Assessments to be raised within the said respective Districts, or the Moneys to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, in equal Parts and Proportions; that is to say, One sixth Part of all such Charges and Expenses shall be paid out of the 'Paxes or Assessments, or Moneys borrowed on the Credit thereof, in each of the said six Districts.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once in every Year, to wit, on the first Monday in July for the first District; on the first Tuesday in July for the second District; on the first wednesday in July for the third District; on the first Thursday in July for the fourth District; on the nrft Friday in July for the fifth District; and on the first Saturday in July for the sixth District; the com iniflioneis for the said respective Districts shall assemble; and the Commissioners so respectively assembled flail, together with such Proprietors of Lands in the said Districts as shall then attend, inspect the Receipt and Expenditure of the Moneys which shall have been raised by virtue of this Act, within or in Re

1 ion to such respective Districts, for the Space of one whole Year then last past; and all Accounts relating to the same hr.ii be then made up and settled by the said Commissioners and Proprietors, or the major Part of them so assembled; and at such respective Meetings, the several Collectors or Receivers of the i axes or Assessments in each of the said Districts, are hereby required to attend with the Books of Account of 1 heir Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination of such Accounts, and of all other Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Moneys

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 33, 123

nies raised and received by Virtue of this Act, within or in Relation to such respedbve Districts (and upon Officers to ac oath, if the same shall be required by such Commissioners or Proprietors, or any one or more of them, count on Oath, which Oath any one of such Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) the said Commissioners and Proprietors, or the major Part of them so assembled, are hereby empowered to allow and pass under their Hands the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts of the same, as hall appear to them to be just and reasonable; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof, shall be fairly entered in two distinct and separate Books, to be kept for each District for that Purpose; whereof one Set shall be kept by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other Person or Persons for each District reflectively, as the said respective Commissioners shall appoint, and the other Set thereof shall be deposited in the Vestry Room of the Parish Church of Ramsey; the last mentioned Set of Booksshall and may be inspected 2nd perused at any Time, at seasonable Hours, by or at the Request of any Person or Persons rated or taxed, in pursuance of this Act, within such respective District, without Fee or Reward; and in case of any dif agreement between the said Commissioners and landowners of the said respective Districts, so that a Plurality of Voices cannot be obtained for the passing of such Account or Accounts, or any Part or Parts thereof, that then such Account or Accounts, and the Matters in Difference relating thereto, shall be heard and determined by any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said jjh of Ely or County of Huntingdon respectively, who are hereby empowered and required to examine such Collectors or Receivers upon Oath, if necessary, and to hear and finally determine the Matters in Difference; and such of the said Accounts as shall be so passed and allowed by the Taid two Justices, shall be entered and registered, and inspected and perused, in such Manner and Form as aforesaid

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not Certain Owners extend to restrain the Owners of Lands in the said second District, or in Bury Fen, from erecting Stan m; 1y erect Stanches on their respective Lands, so as that no such Staunch or Stanches be erected in Wiftozu Fen Drain or chcs*

Ash Drain.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the first Dia Mill or Mills ftriist shall, and they are hereby required to erect and place a Mill on the Forty Foot River, between Daw to be pace L Jons Mill and Ruddock's Drove; and they are hereby required to erect and place two Mills at or near the^Draml nu Opening of the Drain called Ash Drain into the Forty Foot River, whether such Opening shall remain porty Yoo*where it now is, or be made into any other Part of the said Forty Foot River, or shall be sufficient for River, throwing out and discharging the Waters from such Drain into the said Forty Foot River, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to support and maintain such Mills at such respective Opening aforesaid; to cause the same to be worked in such Manner, and as often as shall be necessary for discharging the Waters out of the said Drain, and for preventing the Overflowing of the adjacent Lands; and the said Commissioners, with the Consent or Allowance of the Corporation of Bedford Level, shall Afll 0rajn and from Time to Time raise, Lengthen and support, and keep imbanked, the Banks on both Sides the said wiftowfen ash Drain, from the Forty Foot River to jvijhw Fen Drain; and also the Banks on both Sides any new Drain to be kept Cut which shall be made from the said Ash Drain, near the present or any future Opening of the said ash open with Con drain into the Forty Foot River; and also the Bank on the Lands of Barnabas Brighty, from the East sent thfe L Bank of Ash Drain next Wijioiv Fen, to Paddock's Drove; and also the Bank on the Holloiuhcad Lots, from f°tj Lewd. C " the West Bank of the said Ash Drain next ivijlow and Bury Fen to a Highland Close of John Beard, called A Hollowhead Lot; and hall scour out and maintain the said Ash Drain fourteen Feet wide at the Top, ten Feet at the Bottom, and not less than five Feet deep, from the Surface of the adjacent Lands; and Wijlow Fen Drain, twelve Feet wide at Top, nine Feet at Bottom, and not less than four Feet deep from the Surface of the adjacent Lands; and also hall scour out and maintain the Drain which divides the parishes of Ramsey and Bury, and the Drain called Bury Fen Drain, from the Lands called willow row, by the Adventurers Land of Jonathan Nicholls, through Bury Fen, to the Drain which divides the said Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, ten Feet wide at Top, eight Feet at the Bottom, and not less than four Feet deep from the Surface of the adjacent Lands; and that four Tunnels be fixed in the most convenient Places, to be appointed by the Commissioners of Bury, at the general Expense of the first District.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Bank, called Nor they Bank, jjortj, e Bank shall not, at any Time hereafter, be effectually repaired and maintained by the Corporation of the Great may be repaired. Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the said first District,

with the Consent of the said Corporation, from Time to Time, to heighten, Lengthen and support the said Bank, in such Manner as they hall think proper; and to defray the Expense thereof out of the Taxes arinng within such District.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the fourth Ramsey Hern; to District shall be, and are hereby empowered to imbank the said Common called Ramsey Hern, in such be 'mbanked. manner>as they shall think proper, so as such Bank be made within the Space of four Poles from the said

River Nene, and the Outring Dike next Draper's Delph.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the third Commissioners District shall and are hereby empowered to erect and build a Bridge over the Bill River where the old max build a Bridge lately flood, and from Time to Time to repair, maintain and support such Bridge, in such Man bride'

ner as the said Commissioners shall think necessary.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners and Occu outring and Dipiers of Lands lying and being within the said Districts, hall from Time to Time, and at all Times vision Dikes to hereafter, keep or cause to be kept, all the Outring or Division Dikes or Drains belonging to them re be kppc pen by speetively, except such as are herein before directed to be. done by the Commissioners of a sufficientthe 10p "ctors*

R 2 " Depth,

C

33-

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

eight Feet at the lezift; and fh alj also from Time to Time,

well and effectually roaded, scoured cause Tunnels to be laid

No Cut to be made in whole Lands. Deception.

Penalty on making sock dikes, ike.

All Mills to discharge the Water either into bevill's River, River Nene or whittlefeameer. Certain Works to be drained parr.ely.

de'.ph Dike to remain dammed vp.

Lands which fr.all not be cut.

notve* to he

pbnied wish'n sc Poles of any

Mill.

Depth, and of the Breadth or Wideness of

and all Times hereafter, cause the same Drains 'or Dikes, to be

and cleansed from Weeds, and other Rubbish and Obstructions; and cause Tunnels to be laid therein, where necessary, for the better i lining, running and conveying away the Waters therein: And if any Inch Owner or Occupier shall not, within fourteen Days (except at the Times of Hay and Corn Harvest) next after notice and Direction in that Behalf, in Writing under the Hands of two or.mo.ie of the commissioners for the district where such Lands lie respectively, shall be given to him or her, or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Occupier of such Lands, or affixed on Ramsey Bridge (in case such Place of Abode be above the Dillance of seven Miles from such Lands, or shall not be known) cause and procure fuel'. Drains or Dikes to be roaded, scoured, cleansed, deepened and, widened respectively, such Tunnels to be laid in Pursuance of and according to such Notice and Direction; the Commissioners for such respective District wherein such Work is directed to.be.done as aforesaid. any two or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be done in a proper and effectual Manner; and, by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any two or more of them, to authorise and empower their Collector or collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons, to levy and raiie the Charge and expence of doing thereof by di ffrefs and Saleof such Goods and, Chattels as shall at any Time thereafter be lund on the Lands to which such Drains or Dikes, Bridges or Tunnels, shall appertain or belong; 'rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and every such Owner or Occupier, for every such Neglect, shall forfeit the Sum of threepence for every Rod of the Drain or Dike so neglected to be depthened, widened, roaded, scoured or cleansed. j, 1

XXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mill Drains for conveying the Water to any Mill shall be cut in the whole Lands of any Person or Persons within the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, except in such Parts thereof as are Adventurers Land or other Grounds which contain ten Acres and upwards; nor shall any such Cut or Drain be.m'ade in Bury Feny but that the Water shall be issued and conveyed through the Outring or Division Ditches only.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make any sock dike, or sock gripple, on any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Distance often Feet, in the first, second, third, fifth or sixth Districts, or within sixty six Feet in the fourth distridi, from any of the Banks which now are, or hereafter shall or may be made for keeping off the Waters from any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or more than one Foot deep in any of the said Districts; such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum threepence for every Foot in Length of such sock dikes or sock gripples, for every Month during which the same shall be continued.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Mills which shall be

credfed or employed by Virtue of this Act, for discharging the Waters from the fourth District, shall be erected and placed in such Manner as to discharge such Waters directly into bevill's River, the River Nene, Whittlesea Mere or Upwood Drain, from the Gore Adill to bevill's River, and not otherwise; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commute nication shall be made between the Waters draining from the Lands in Middlemore and the Steads, and the Waters draining from the Lands called the Gore Farms, the Lands belonging to the Earl of Lincoln, Edward Knipe and Matthew jvyldbore, Esquires; but that the said Waters draining from Middlemore and the Steads shall be separately and distinctly drained from the Waters draining from the Lands called the Gore Farms, the Lands belonging to the Earl of Lincoln, Edward Knipe and Matthew jvyldbore, Esquires.

XXXIX. Provided always, That a certain Dike, called Delph Dike, shall be and remain, for ever hereafter, dammed up as it now is; and the Commissioners for the fourth District shall, from Time to Time, make and maintain such Banks as shall be necessary for keeping the same so dammed up; and if any Person or Persons shall make or cause to be made any Opening or Openings in the said Dike, whereby any of the Lands within the fourth District shall be prejudiced, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damage such Person or Persons shall thereby sustain; which Compensation and Satisfaction shall be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in such Manner as is herein after prescribed for Recovery of Damages sustained by the Working of any Horse Mill or other Device.

XL. Provided always, That no Part of the several Lands in the Bill, Stocking Fen, Long Beech, bean pre, ivinfere Mere, Midfetter, Merrjidc or Lcadfend shall be cut for the Purposes of Banking, at any Time whaifoevtr; nor shall the Lands in the firs District be cut for the Purposes of making or repairing any Banks along the Forty Foot River.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Trees or Holts shall be planted nearer to any Mill which shall be erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act than twenty Poles; and if any Person or Persons shall plant any Tree or Holt within the Space aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of one Shilling for every Tree, and five Pounds for every Holt so planted; and such Trees and Holts shall and may be take n up and carried away, by such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners for the District wherein such Offence shall he committed; and it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by the respective coir.uussioners, to cut down any 'Frees or Holts which shall be growing within the Distance of

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 33. 125

twenty Poks from any Mill erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, at the Time such Mill shall be so erected or first used; such Satisfaction to the Owner of such Trees or Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the Commissioners for the respective District; or in case of Difference, as shall be ascertained by the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter session which shall be held for the County or Place wherein such rees or Holts were so cut down, within six Months after the cutting down thereof.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall.erect, Person; discharg set up, use or work any house mill, Gigg or other Engine or Device whatsoever, for draining or discharg ingwater by any ing Water from any Lands in any of the Paid Districts, through or upon the Lands of any other Person ^n^'"he<f<jcpt or Persons within such Districts, or in any other Manner than directly and immediately from the Lands ^c^lver

of the respective Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine or Device, into the River None, Whittlesea Mere,

beroilfs Leaned, Ram fey High Load, the Bill Load, the Forty Foot River, or the new Cut or River on the

North Side of Ranfey Mere; that Part of Uptvood Drain where the Gore Mill now stands; such ali forfeit 50l.

Person hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same; and the Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine or Device shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction

to all and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damage such Person or Persons shall thereby fuffain; and such Penalty, Compensation and Satisfaction hall he recovered,

together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster; in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Banks, n0 private Bank. Danis or other Works, which were lawfully erected by private Persons in any of the said Di c. to be al cred ftridls, hall be cut, taken away or altered, until the several Mills in their respective Districts are ready till new ones are to work. made.

XLIV. And whereas the making and maintaining the Outring Banks in the Paid fifth District, will be Allowance to be of Utility to the Lands in the Paid fourth District; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, made from the That the Commissioners for the said fourth District shall, and they are hereby renamed to pay, or cause Th [« the 5th to be paid, to the Commissioners for the said fifth District, or to such Person or Persons as they shall d'rtrift* appoint, the Sum of twenty Shillings in every Year, for and in Consideration of their making and maintaining the said Banks; the first of which Payments shall be made on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and such Payments shall continue to be made on or before such Day in every succeeding Year.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, Persons dama at any Time or Times hereafter, shall wilfully or maliciously cut, or otherwise damage, any of the Banks, ging the Works, Works, Mills or Engines, already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported or maintained, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, or by any Means obstruct, divert or lay open, any of the Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Outlets, or other Works made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or made, supported or maintained, for draining or improving the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds in pursuance of this Act, and shall be convicted thereof, upon Oath, before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall reside; every such Person or Persons shall forfeit to forfeit 1002; for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, to be applied and laid out in carrying on the Works, and executing the Purposes of this Act, within the respective distridi, wherein or in relation whereunto, the Offence shall he committed; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender and Of and for want of fenders shall by the said Justices be committed to the Common Gaol of such County or Place, there d.stress, to be to remain for any Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize, at the co "ira ued. Discretion of the said Justices; and shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction to ail and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damage such Person or Persons shall thereby fuffain; which Compensation and Satisfaction shall be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in such Manner as is herein before prescribed for the Recovery of Damages sustained by the Working of any horsemill, or other Device: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously set fire to, perf cns _ burn, or otherwise destroy, any of the said Mills or Engines already made or erected, or which shall be ing Mills, c. making or erecting, or made or erected, supported or maintained, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, to differ as fa and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in any other Cases of Felony; and the ns.

Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, and have hereby Power and Authority to transport respectively such Felons for seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said re Mills to le ia spective Districts shall cause each and every Mill or Miffs, which shall be erected or employed by virtue luted' of this Act to be insured against Fire at some public Office or Offices, and from time to time to pay the Expense attending such Insurances out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act, in or upon account of such respective Districts.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Allowances for said respective Districts may, and are hereby empowered, out of the Moneys arising in or upon c5tcliir, f: "0 s

I 20

C 33-

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

account of such Districts respectively, to make such Allowances for the catching or destroying of Moles in the Banks or Lands belonging to such Districts, as they the said respective Commissioners shall think proper.

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the Commissioners for the said respective Districts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; such Orders, so entered, hall be signed by three or more of such respective Commissioners, assembled at such Meetings; and such Orders so signed shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; which said respective Books, and also the Books hereby directed to be kept for regillring the Securities, Assignments, and Transfers aforesaid, j shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Suits or Actions touching anything done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and Authorities herein before contained for assigning the Taxes or assessments for Money borrowed in the first di flrid, shall and may be executed by any nine or more of the Commissioners for such District j and in the second and third Diilrids, shall and may be executed by any seven or more of the commissioners for such respective Districts; that all other Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the Commissioners respectively for such Diflrids, hall and may, in all Cases where no particular Quorum or Number is appointed by this Act, be executed by any five or more of such respective Commissioners, in all Matters relating to such Districts; that any five or more of the Commissioners for the fourth, fifth and sixth Districts, shall and may, in all Cases where no particular Quorum or Number is herein appointed, execute all the Powers and Authorities of this Act, in relation to such Districts respectively.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order which shall be made by the said respective Commissioners, or any of them, by Virtue of this Act, at any of their respective Meetings, shall be altered, annulled or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unless ten Days Notice at 10 Days No the least be first given of every such Meeting two following lord's Days, in the Forenoon, immediately

Proceedings to be entered in Books;

Books may be produced and read in Evidence ri Cales of Appeals.

Quorum of Com ruilwners of the leteral Diiliidts.

No Order made by the commis iior.ers ilia 11 he altered. c. urn

first

y

tree given.

All Proceedings to be at a Meeting.

Pen Ities and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

after Divine Service, in the said Parish Church of Ravfcy\ in which said Notice the Intent and Design of such Meeting shall be declared.

LI. Provided always, That no Orders, or other Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall he valid, unless done at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act^except only as to the granting of Precepts or Warrants for levying Taxes or Penalties, which shall and may be granted and signed by such Commissioners whenever the same shall be necessary, and be required.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted and imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein before particularly directed, hall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence was committed, or the Offender shall reside; Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required to grant, upon Proof of the Offence by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) and the Overplus remaining, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and necessary Charges are deducted, shall be returned to such Offender j and such Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered, if not otherwise directed ro be applied by this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the District wherein, or in Relation whereunto, such Offence was committed, and applied for the use of such District.

LIII. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act, or anything herein contained, hail net extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the Commissioners appointed to: hr Confer valors pul Act in Execution, to have, use or exercise, any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with oieedrcrd evd. aj1y th, Rjvers^ Banks, Sewers, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Sluices Tunnels, or other Works whatsoever, already made, or hereafter to be made, by the Governor, Bailiffs, Conservators? and Commonalty of the

This Act not to interfere wkh

ibc crva'ior. of R; > hs to com m.llinner* for prefiriving the naviga ion ot s.ilter's head blnitc, c.

2.7 Geo. 2. c. 12.

lidate, lellen, diminish, alter or take away, any the Rights, Powers, or Authorities, vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, Conservators and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and conservators; that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any other Act, Statute or Power whatsoever, aie now vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, Conservators and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, bailiff's, and Conservators, or any of them, hall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be, in the said Governor, Bailiffs, Conservators and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein contained, hall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lcflen, diminish, alter, or take away, any of the Rights, Powers and Authorities, vested in the Commissioners appointed in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and preserving the Navigation from salter's Load Sluice, in the County of Norlalk, to standgroumj Sluice, in the County of Huntingdon $ and from flood's Ferry, in the

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 34. 127

Isle of Ely, in t?kcounty of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load, in the said County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County Norfolk, to the River Nene, in the Par if of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon; But that all Rights Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, now are vested in the said Commissioners, thereby appointed, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue and be in the said Commissioners, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

LV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That all such Right or Rights as any Lord or Lords Reservation of of any Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or half hundred, have heretofore had within his or their Rj&lU310 Lordy respective Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or half hundred, within or without the said several ot manorsr Districts or Divisions, or any of them, to Waifs, Ellrays, Felons Goods, Privileges of Arrests, Escheats, and all other Royalties, not prejudicial to the Draining, be hereby laved to them, their Heirs, successors and Assigns severally and respectively; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit or Informa Limitation of tion shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in Actions. Pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit or Information, shall be commenced or made within six Calendar Months next after the Fact be committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County of Huntingdon or Cambridge, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, Not guilty; and if in Replevin, may jullify and avow by Virtue of this Act, General Issue. as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Fact alleged to have been done, was done in Pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or avow ants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear a Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits, or if any Judgement shall be given against him, her or them; upon a Demurrer, or otherwise; in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avow Double coll; ants shall recover double Colls, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as where Colls by Law are awarded.

LVII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act Diall be deemed a public Act; and all Ruhlick Act. Judges, Justices and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to enable the commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockspur Street, to the Passage in Spring Garden, near Saint James's Park.

W

WHEREAS Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the jhcolfaple.9C m. 2. cz 9, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of ivefhninfer, to the oppofue 10gcc.z. c.w. Shore in the County of Surry, are by virtue of several former Acts of Parliament passed in the Reign r.gco.z. r. 25.

of his present Majesty, or by virtue of same or one of them, empowered to make, open, design, assign, c' ff and lay out, such new Ways, Streets and Pastes, as they shall find proper to be opened and made on '*'[*0*

each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parlia Geo. 2. cxd ment and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Grounds as they fnal! 17 Geo. z C 32.

find necessary for them to be possessed ol, and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down, or employed for go. a. s.9.

those Purposes, comprised within certain Bounds and Limits particularly mentioned and described in the said respective Acts, or some or one of them: And whereas the Way, Street or Avenue, leading from Cockspur Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the Liberty of Westminster, to the Passage in Spring Gardens leading to Saint James's Park, and from thence to both Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice, and Westminster Bridge, might be rendered more open, Case and commodious, for the Ease of Passengers and the public Benefit, than the same now is, in case the said Commissioners were enabled to open and widen the said Way, Street or Avenue, and to purchase,

pull down and remove such Buildings and Houses, and to take Pofllfiion of such Grounds and Estates as they shall think proper and necessary for those Purposes; Wherefore for the promoting a Design so 25 Geo. 2. c. 3s,

useful and beneficial to the Public, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted

And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the conimifiiorcts.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the autho impo4'e, tblc0'v: '

C Y r_____t i^T r i o rr a r L a 1 r n n 1 cen the Avenues

to Saint James's Park, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

siuing Gauku;

128 C 34-

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

nd to purchase Houses and Grounds to be made use of for that Purpose j

and in order thereto, they may take such Meafores, as

II. And for the better Performance and Execution thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, hall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers for the Purchase of the Freehold and Inheritance of all and every such Building or Builings, House or Houses, Grounds and Estates, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think necessary for them to be possessed of, or to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down, disposed of, or employed for the Purposes of this Act, comprised within the Bounds and Limits following; that is to say, Situate, landing, lying or being.upon, near or adjoining to the said Way, Street or Avenue, on the East Side thereof, as far as a certain messuage or Building, meltiiages or Buildings, now in the Occupation of Robert Taylor Statuary, hisun dertenants or Assigns, and abutting North on Cockspur Street, and South on Spring Gardens; and also to purchase and become possessed of the Freehold and inheritance of all such Buildings, Houses, Grounds and Estates, and of all Rent Charges, Annuities, Mortgages, Terms of Years, or Incumbrances whatsoever affecting the same; anything in the said several former Acts of Parliament, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Femes Covert, and their huflands in the Right of such Femes Covert respectively, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, and Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors and Admin ill rators, or other Trustees or Guardians for Femes Covert, Infants, Issue unborn, or other Cestuique Trulls, or for some charitable or other Use or Uses, or others who are themselves, or whose respective Wards or Cestuique Trulls, are seized, possessed of, or entitled unto some of the Buildings, Houses, Grounds or Estates, which may be thought necessary to be purchased, removed, pulled down, disposed of, or employed by the said Commissioners, within the Bounds and Limits, and for the Purposes mentioned and prescribed in and by this Act, or of some Estate or inte rell therein, or of some Charge or *Incumbrance affecting the same, ir.av be willing to treat for and agree to sell such Buildings, Houses, Grounds, or Estates, in order to perfect the useful and beneficial Works intended by this x^ct, but are incapable of granting or conveying the same, by Reason of some Disability, or not being under any Disability may refuse to treat, agree for, or sell the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

shall and may, in order to purchase and become possessed of the several Buildings, Houses, Grounds and any former acs Estates, to be purchased by virtue of, and under this Act, take, use and follow all or any such Ways, they are impow means, Methods and Proceedings, and observe such Rules and Directions, as by any Act or Acts of ered to do in like Parliament heretofore passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, they are enabled to take, use, follow, Cars and observe, in order to purchase, or be possessed of any other Houses, Grounds and Estates; and

that all and every the Powers and Authorities, Clauses, Rules, Forms and Directions, prescribed, mentioned, expressed and contained, in each and every of the said at and acts of Parliament heretofore passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, in any wise relating to the said Commissioners purchasing of becoming possessed of any other Houses, Grounds or Estates whatsoever, or to anybody or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, selling, disposing of, or conveying any Houses, Grounds or Estates, by any of the said last mentioned Act or acts directed to be sold, purchased and conveyed; or for obliging the High Bailiff of jvefl m'wjier to summon Juries, and for obliging such Juries to assess the Value of any such Houses, Grounds or Estates, or any Interest therein, in case any Person or Persons having or claiming to have any such Estate or Interest, hall refuse to sell or convey the same to the said Commissioners, or to manifesta sufficient Title thereto; or in case the Person or Persons entitled to any such Estate or Interest therein, cannot be found, or to the disposal, paying, depositing, or veiling of any Sum or Sums of Money thereby directed to be disposed of, paid, deposited or veiled, as the Considerations for the Purchase of, '.or Value assessed for any of the said Houses, Grounds or Estates, or to the obliging Persons to produce Title Deeds, Books, Papers or Writings, for inspection and Perusal, or to the obliging any Persons to appear, and Clauses in the fc be examined on Oath as Witnesses; and every other Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing, in each and vcrawormer Acts cvci y cf tie fajj aft mentioned act and Acts of Parliament mentioned and contained, 'and now being intended the" ^orce? shall and are hereby declared to be of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for ena purchasej, c. bling the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to purchase the Freehold and Inheritance, to be under and to become possessed of, and to pull down and remove any of the Buildings, Houses, Grounds and the Act. Estates within the Bounds and Limits mentioned and prescribed in this present Act; and shall extend, and be in all respects deemed and construed to extend, to all and every the said lull mentioned Buildings, Houses, Grounds and Estates, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Femes Covert, and their Husbands, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, 'Administrators, and all other Trustees and Guardians, whether for Femes Covert, Infants, Issue unborn, or other Cestuique Trails, or for any charitable or other Use or Uses; to all other Persons whatsoever having or claiming to have, either in their own

Right

or otherwise howsoever, any Estate, Right, Title or Interest, in, to or out of the said lad mentioned Buildings, Houses, Grounds and Estates; to the Methods and Proceedings, for conveying: nd absolutely issuing the same to the said Commissioners or their Trustees, with good Titles, usual and reasonable Covenants, and free from Incumbrances; and for barring, docking, and cutting oft' all Eltaics Tail. Dower, and Right of Dower; and also to bar the Right of all and every Person and per lons, who shall not enter their said Claim or Claims, and prosecute the same with Effect, in the Manner, and within the Times prescribed and limited by the said Act of Parliament, or some or one of them,

as

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 34. 129

thereby to be applied in d fi tying the Charges of the Trull.

as fully and effectually as if the said Powers and Authorities, Rules, Forms, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things, mentioned and contained in each of the said as of Parliament heretofore passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, were particularly and at large repeated and enabled in the Body of this present act.

IV. And whereas by Means of the Purchases which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make, they may be possessed of one or more Piece or Pieces of Ground, over and above what may be aa {

necessary for the opening and widening the Way, Street or Avenue Be it further enacted by the Au aeny piece of ° thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more Ground purcha of them, to let, sell or dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as fed by them, not they shall find mofi advantageous and convenient, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to con necefidry wi tract, agree for, or purchase the same; that it shall and may also be lawful to and for the said Commis and dff^nln^6^ sioners, or any five or more of them, to design, assign and lay out, in what Manner any new Houses what Manner shall be erected and built on any of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground which they may be possessed of ac any m w Houses aforesaid, over and above what may be necessary for the opening and widening of the said Way, Street o. be built Avenue; and likewise of what Breadth and Extent such Way, Street or Avenue shall be; and also to sell thare?nn. and dispose of the Materials of such Koufe or Houses, Building or Buildings, as they the said Com Extent'1 missioners, or any five or more of them, shall purchase and cause to be pulled down by virtue of the Street; this A CL, i and fell the old

Materials.

V. Provided always, That the Money arising by the Sale or Letting of such Grounds, and selling the mcn y anfing Materials of the Houses and Buildings to be purchased and pulled down as aforesaid, shall be employed, paid and disposed of, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, towards defraying the Charges and Expenses of executing the Powers and Trusts hereby in them reposed.

VI. And in order to preserve the said Way, Street or Avenue, hereby intended to be opened and wi dened, when the same shall be so opened and widened; and also the Houses and Buildings that shall be erected on any of the Grounds which shall be let or sold by the said Commissioners by virtue of this 4 A CL free from Nuisances and Annoyances, and to preserve the Uniformity and Beauty thereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a certain act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting further Powers to 'the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry; and for the better enabling them to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Matters and Things therein, mentioned and contained, which are now in Force, shall extend to and be deemed and taken to be to all intents and Purposes in full Force, with respect to the said last mentioned Way, Street or Avenue, when the same shall be so opened and widened as aforesaid; to the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings, as shall be let or sold by the said Commissioners by virtue of this act, for effectually im powering and enabling them the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to perform, use and exercise all and every the like Powers and Authorities for preserving the said Way,

Street or Avenue, and the said last mentioned Houses and Buildings, free from Nuisances and Annoyances, or for abating any such Nuisances, and for preserving the Uniformity and Beauty of such Houses and Buildings; and for a better and more effectual enforcing the Covenants, Conditions, Agreements, Limitations and restrictions, under which the said Commissioners shall let or sell any Pieces of Ground or Buildings by virtue of this act, as are expressed and contained in the said act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the several Streets and Premises therein mentioned, as fully as if the said several Powers, Authorities, Clauses, Matters and Things, in that act mentioned and contained, were particularly and at large repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, there may and shall be applied and paid to the said Commissioners for building the said Bridge, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to receive the same, the Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds without Account (other than as is herein after directed) to be applied towards purchasing Houses and Grounds for widening the said Way, Street or Avenue, and for making the same more commodious and useful to the Public, and for the Payment of other incidental Charges and Expenses attending the Execution of this ACI, in such Manner, and at such Times, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct.

VIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for building the said Bridge, hall lay an Account of the Application, as well of the said Sunrof two thousand five hundred Pounds, as of all other Moneys raised by Virtue of this and the said former Acts, and by them applied and expended, before both Houses of Parliament, within twenty Days after the opening of every seffi on of Parliament, in the same Manner as they are directed to do by the said former Acts.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Costs and Charges as shall be expended in obtaining, or by reason of passing this present Act, and such Moneys as shall become due to any Person or Persons employed in pursuance hereof, shall be paid out of the Moneys to be raised by virtue hereof.

X. And whereas Part of the Lands and Grounds intended to be purchased by Virtue of this Act, are the Freehold and Inheritance of the Right Reverend docior Zachary Pearce the present Lord Bishop of VOL. VIII s'1 Rochester:

Powers and Clauses in Act 18 Geo. 2. c. 29. extended to the Street to be widened under this Act,

for keeping the same free from Nufances,

and preserving the Uniformity and Beauty of the Building:, c.

2, 500l. granted to the Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid.

Account of the Application thereof, c. to be laid before the Parliament.

Charges of passing this Act to be paid out of the said Moneys.

C 35-

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

making out a Title, and proper Conve) ance.

Rochester'. And whereas a Survey and Estimate of the Value of the said Lands and Grounds, and of the

Buildings and Erections thereon, has been had and made by two indifferent Persons, with the Consent

the said Lord Bishop, who have valued and estimated the same at the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fortyfive Pounds: And whereas the said Lord Bishop is willing to accept of the said Sum of one thousand three hundred and fortyfive Pounds, in full Satisfaction for all his Right, Title and In

whatsoever, in the same, and the Street adjoining; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority

The commifti aforesaid, That if the said Lord Bishop of Rochester, or the Person or Persons who shall) be respectoners to pay to tively entitled to the said Lands and Grounds, with the Buildings and Erections thereon, now belong rocheft °rp ns to Lord Bishop of Rochester, shall on or before the first Day of rfugujl one thou

j'3451. for the sand seven hundred and fifty seven, signify to the said Commissioners in Writing, his, her or their c011-

p'urchzfe of sent, to accept the said Sum of one thousand three hundred and fortyfive Pounds, for his, her or their Lauds, chis Interest in the said Premilles, and shall do, perform and execute, all and every Matter and Thing as shall property, on h, s je necessary and required by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for completing and "'perfecting his, her or their Title to the said Premilles, and for conveying the same to the said Commissioners, in such Manner as they or any five or more of them, shall direct and appoint; then, and in such

Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and

required, out of the said Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds, to pay and apply the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fortyfive Pounds, to the said Lord Bishop of Rochester, or to such Person or Persons as shall be respectively entitled to the said Premises, in such and the like Manner, as any Sum or Sums agreed for by the said Commissioners are directed to be paid by virtue of any former Acts.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said Way, Street or Avenue, shall be opened and widened, the Foot Way on the West Side thereof shall be raised six Inches at least, above the Carriage Way, and be paved with good Flagg Stone, and be made in the narrowest Part, not less than nine Feet wide; and that the said Carriage Way shall not thereafter be altered, so as to raise the same nearer and tole paved the Surface of the said Foot Way, than the same shall be left, when finished, in pursuance of this Act.

with flaggstone.

Lights of the

XII. Provided also, That in the making the said Foot Way, Care be taken not to obstruct the Lights w becmrudted'*l^e Cellar Story adjoining to the said Foot Way.

commhtioners,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and each and Persons act and every other Person or Persons authorised by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to ing under them, do any Act in Execution of any of the Powers intended to be hereby vested in the said Commissioners, are indemnified for and f}aal 1 be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance of this Act; and that if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premilles herein before mentioned, every such Action or Suit shall belaid or brought within six Calendar Months after the Fad! done; and such Action shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, shall and may be at Liberty to plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

The Foot Way of the Streets to be raised six In' ches above the Carriage Wav,

wha: they shall do.

Limitation of Actions. General Issue,

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and sams's* Cut Drain; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands

WHEREAS certain Fen Land's and low Grounds, in that Part of the greatlevel of the Fens called the South Level, lying and being in the Township of Feltivell, and in the several Parishes of He I say, Southery, Hockwold and Methwold in the County of Norfolk, containing seven thousand Acres, 1 or thereabouts, and which are bounded as follows; that is to say, From the North Bank oi Brandon 1 River, about two Furlongs below Redvioor Hoitfe, along a certain Drain or Ditch, called the Twelve Feet Drain, to a decayed Sewer, called Stake Load, and by the said Load to the Drain calledsam's Cut, and along the South bide of the said Drain to the Fast Bank of the River Ouze, and then along the said Bank to Brandon Creek's End, and from thence along the North Bank of Brandon River to the Twelve Foot Drain aforesaid, have for several Years past been, and Hill are very much annoyed with Waters, 4 through the Defeat of their Outfalls to Sea, by which Means the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are rendered of little or no Value, to the Loss of the Public, as well as the great Damage and Impo vrrishment of the Owners of such Lands, and of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places in which the same do lie: And whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds cannot be drained and pre fervid, without the Aid of Parliament; Therefore may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it cnadtrd by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice anil Consent of the Lords vbofbiiiv Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

<: >mmili.o'. ri the farne^ 'j'hcn the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the several and respective Manors of fe/twell, jlcl a(\iuhxcc* lfy t Scuthiiy and Methwcul for the Time being, or in their Absence, their several and respective Deputies.

appointed by Writing under their Hands, a Person appointed by the Trustees of Feltivell School, a Person appointed by the Fen Reeves of Methwold for the Time being, every Person who for the Time being

non.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 35-31

shall be bona fide seized or possessed in his or her own Right of three hundred Acres of Land, which are or shall be taxed by virtue of this act, or in the Absence of such Person or Persons, his, her or their Deputy, appointed under their Hands as aforesaid, and such other Persons as are hereby appointed and directed to be chosen for the Township of Feltwell, and the several Parishes of Helgay, Southery and Methwold, shall be Commissioners for putting this present act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned in Execution; and that Thomas More Esquire, Jo nathan Page, John Templeman and John First commi/fi canham, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Township of Fcltvjell; and that Thomas Brqffett and e" s Thomas iveafienham shall be the sir If Commissioners for the said Parish of Helgay; and that Jofieph Garden soutwy and Gentleman, Thomas Chesterton, Edward Scotting and William Osier, shall be the first Commissioners for the Methwold. said Parish of South cry; and that James Fortrey Esquire, and lvillia?n Tokelove, shall be the hr ft Commissioners for the slid Parish of Methwold, and that these Persons shall continue Commissioners for the said Township and Parishes respectively, until the last wednesday in March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and that; all such Persons as are bona fide seized or possessed in their propr!eto" to own Right of ten Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this act, lying within the said Township of Feltwell, an nuahy, tct shall meet in the Parish Church of Saint Mary in Feltwell; and all such Persons as are bona fide seized orchnfe commifli pofl efled in their own Right of ten Acres of like taxable Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Helgay, oners,

Southery and Methwold, shall meet in their respective Parish Churches, upon the last wednesday in March

in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and upon the last ivednej day in March

in every succeeding Year and shall respectively choose so many Persons to be Commissioners for the said

Township and Parishes, as shall, together with the Persons seized or possessed of three hundred Acres of

taxable Lands as aforesaid, make in the whole one Commissioner for every three hundred Acres of Land

taxed by Virtue of this act, lying within the said Township and Parishes respectively; and in case the If no Election

Persons who are to choose Commissioners for the said Township, or for any of the said Parishes, shall neg all Remade "3

led to meet in any Year at the Time appointed for such Elections, or shall not choose Commissioners ac commissioners

cordingly, then the Persons who were Commissioners for the said Township or Parishes for the preceding for the prece

Year, shall continue Commissioners for the same, until other Commissioners shall be chosen as aforesaid, ding yearro_be

upon the last wednesday in March in the next or foine succeeding Year. continued.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be enabled to act, sit or meet as Qualification of a Commissioner for any of the Purposes of this act, unless he shall be the real Owner of forty Acres of Commissioners. Land taxed by Virtue of this act, except the Deputy of the Trustees of Feltwell School, the Deputy of the Fen Reeves of Methwold, and the Deputies of such Persons as shall be seized or possessed of three hundred Acres of like taxable Lands as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any five or more of Commissioners them, shall twice in every Year, to wit, On the first wednesday in April, and the second wednesday in to eet Half october or oftener, as they shall see Cause, meet at some public House in Feltivcll or Southery, to be ap ear y>ot 0 tner> pointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; the first General Meeting to be at the

Cock in Feltwell, upon the third wednesday after the passing of this act; and the Meeting upon the second Their first gene wednesday in October to be at Southery, and the succeeding half yearly Meetings to be at Feltwell and ft*1'm'et'n8t0 Southery alternately; and at such Meetings shall have Power and Authority to make Orders, and give Di he d at e cwe regions, for the better and more orderly Management of the Work of draining the said Fens and low Subsequent Grounds, and for making proper Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels gnd Outlets through the same; ectin*l w eic' and for making and erecting proper Works and Engines thereupon, and for the Maintenance thereof; mae Orders and also to appoint one or more Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or such other proper Of for Draining, c, ficer or Officers as they the said Commissioners shall think fit, for taking Care of such Works, and for and to appo; nt collecting the Rates or Assessments made or assessed by virtue of this act; and to allow and appoint to be proper Officer, paid to such Officers, out of the said Rates and assessments, such yearly or other Wages and Salaries for their Trouble and Pains in their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, present at any such Meeting, shall think reasonable; which said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, may be altered or removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at such Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, and another, or others, chosen and appointed in his or their Room and Stead as Occasion shall require; and such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers to be named and coheflorsto appointed as aforesaid, shall before they act in the Execution of their several Offices, give such Security g've.security., for the due Execution of such their respective Offices, and for performing, the several trusts^to them committed, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them then present, shall in their Discretion think fit. '

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That towards defraying the Expenses of the ^mlffi^ said Commissioners upon Account of their Attendance at any of the Meetings to be held as aforesaid, for "cer his at putting this act in Execution, the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid by the Collector or tendance at any Receiver of the said Rates and Taxes to each of the said Commissioners present at any such Meeting, and Meeting, shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Collector or Receiver, as so much Money paid for the Purposes of this act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Sue Commissionerc cefiors, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time hereafter, at their Wills and Pleasures, impoweredto to scour out, cleanse, rode, repair or make such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels and Outlets £°tusr r)raiaa^ through the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or any Part thereof so bounded and described as aforesaid; othej Works. " and to erect such Works and Engines thereupon for draining, and conveying the Waters from the same,

S z as

The Waters to be thrown cff into the Ouse and Brandon.

satirfafhon to be made for Damages done i; treeing new Works.

Differences to be settled ly the Justices at their Quarter seftiens.

Acre Rates to be made for defraying the expence.

not subject to be rated.

Hod and Turf nools not rateable for seven Years.

Decoy of Robert Clough may be imbanlced, and is.not rateable.

twopersons to

he appointed to let out the Commissioner: Portion of Common, to be enjoyed in Severalty, and to vest in rht commis /n r.ers in.trust, Isc,

Thr Fen Reeves

neglecting, the J »itice» are to apii mi a proper iron.

C 35. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

as shall be thought fit, necessary and convenient by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at their Meeting or Meetings to be held as herein before is appointed for the Purposes aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners hall not erect any Engine for draining or throwing the Waters from off the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds into the Drain called Sam's Cut, nor into any other Ditch or Drain, but hall throw the same into the Rivers of Ouse and Brandon only.

VII. Provided also, That if the said Commissioners shall make, or cause to be made, any Cut, Drain, Dam, Tunnel or Outlet through any of the several Grounds, or erect any new Work or Works thereupon, then they hall pay a reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who hath or have a Right to the Soil through which such Cut, Drain, Dam, Tunnel or Outlet shall be made, or whereupon such Work or Works, Engine or Engines shall be erected, for the Damages such Person or Persons shall sustain, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid; if the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and such Person or Persons cannot agree about the Amount of such Damage, that then the same shall be assessed, adjudged and finally determined by the Justices of Peace, or the major Part of them, at the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held at Lymi or Swafham for the said County of Norfolk.

VIII. And for carrying on and effecling the said Work of draining, and securing the Repayment of e such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for that purpose be it enacted, That all and singular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds bounded and described as aforesaid, and all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds, shall be, and the same are hereby assessed, rated, taxed and charged with the yearly Sum of one Shilling for every Acre of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so long as any Money which ball have been borrowed for the Purposes of this at, or the Interest thereof, shall remain unpaid; and when there shall be no such Debt remaining, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any such half yearly Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax and charge all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, with such yearly Sum, not exceeding one Shilling per Acre, as they shall judge necessary for completing and maintaining the said Works.

IX. Provided always, That no Assessment, Rate or Tax shall be made, collected or levied upon any Highlands within the said District, which have not been subject to Inundations; and if any Dispute shall arise concerning any Lands being to be deemed, or not denied Highlands, the same shall be determined upon View, by five or more of the said Commissioners no ways interested in the Lands in Question.

X Provided also, That no Assessment, Rate or Tax, shall during the first: seven Years after the making this Act, be made, collected or levied upon any Lands which are now so dug out into Hod or Turf Pools, that they cannot be let for the Amount of such Taxes.

XI. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for Robert Clough Esquire, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, to make and maintain such Bank round his Decoy, upon his own Lands as he shall think proper, to prevent the Waters draining out of the same; and that no Assessment, Rate or Tax shall be made or levied upon the said Decoy.

XII. And whereas the Inhabitants of Methwold and Southery, or one of them, have Common without Stint, in a certain Parcel of Land within the said District, bounded by Stake Load South, the Adventure landeafir, and Fcltwell Drove North, by reason whereof the same cannot conveniently be charged with an Acre Tax; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That two Persons indifferently appointed, one by the Fen Reeves of Methwold, and the other by five or more of the Commissioners for. putting this Act in Execution, shall on or before the Feast Day of St. Michael the Archangel one thour land seven hundred and fifty seven, set out by Metes and Bounds one fourth Part of the said Common, to be enjoyed in several ty by the said Commissioners; and the said fourth Part, immediately after it shall > so set out, shall vest, and the same is hereby vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, in Trust nevertheless, for the Benefit and Advantage of the Proprietors of all the taxable Lands within the Limits abovementioned, and so that the Rents and Profits thereof shall be from time to time applied in common with the Taxes on the other Lands, for the Erection and Maintenance of, the Works necessary to drain the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds: And in case the two Persons to be appointed pursuant to this Act, hall not agree in setting out such Part of the said Common; then they, shall attend the Justices at the next General quarter sessions of the Peace to be held at Lynn or Swafham for the County of Norfolk, which said Justices, dr the major part of them then present, shall finally determine the said Dispute.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said fen reeves shall not; on or before the first Day of July next after the passing of this adv, appoint a Person to set out such past of the said Common, then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled, at the Quarter sessions of the Peace then next following, to be held at Lynn or Swafham as aforesaid, to appoint a Person for that Purpose, who hall have like Power and Authority as it he had been appointed by the said Fen Reeves.

A.D.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C 35- 1 33

i7s7-

XIV. And to the End that a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes of this Commissioner* Act; Be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall have Power and may borrow Authority at any of their Meetings as aforesaid, from time to time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Mo y on 1 e ney which they shall think necessary; by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the aics'

said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged or to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds,

and every or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of such Alignment to be paid out of the said Tax)

as a Security for the Payment of such Sum or Sums with nterest, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum with Interest.

per j}tmu?n, to the Person or Persons, his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance or lend

such Sum or Sums; and that the Expenses of obtaining the Act of Parliament, shall in the first Place Application of

be paid and discharged out of the Money so borrowed, and the Residue of the Money shall be applied he mo"ey

and disposed of in making such Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels and Outlets, erecting such Works and bcm0'vc

Engines, and doing such other Works as shall be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands

and Low Grounds, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, That the principal Money to be borrowed shall never exceed in the Whole the Principal not to

Sum of four thousand Pounds. exceed 40001.

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rates, Taxes and Sums of Money, aliened Rates charpe<1

and to be assessed by virtue of this Act, upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall be charged amuri"* and chargeable in the first Place with the Payment of the Principal Money so to be borrowed, and the n"

Interest of such Money from time to time, and shall veil: in the respective Creditors, upon Default of and 0'n non.p3ya Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with ment to vest in the Costs and Charges occasioned by the nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, the Creditors. Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights and Privileges of raising and recovering the several Taxes and Sums of Money payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low£grounds, for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners or their Collectors could have had in case the said Principal and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Alignment of the said Rates and Alignments may. Taxes shall be made for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money lent as aforesaid, or who shall be in he transferred.' titled to the Money thereby secured, shall have full Power from time to time, by Endorsement on the

original Grant or Security, without Stamp, to assign or transfer the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book Entry to be to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk or Treasurer is hereby nude there0 required to make upon producing such Alignment, and Payment of one Shilling for the said Entry) shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns to the said principal Sum, and all Interest due and to grow due thereupon; and such Affigmc or Assignees may in like Manner assign again, and so totles quoties as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment being entered as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so rated and taxed as aforesaid, shall Rates on non refuse or neglect to pay the Rates or Taxes charged upon him, her or them respectively, for the Space of £aycnt> aart^r twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment to be appointed by the said Commissioners ievied^y^ufftre^ (public Notice thereof being affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church where such Lands shall lie, by and Sale.

the Collector or Receiver for the Time being) it shall be lawful for such Collector or Receiver respectively, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from time to time to make as Occasion shall require) to levy the Sum or Sums so afiefted and rated, by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels as shall be found upon all or any of the Grounds and Premises so charged with any Sum or Sums of Money (if any Distress can be found thereon) and the Goods and Chattels so distrained to keep, by the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Owner or owners shall not within the said Space of five Days pay the Sum or Sums so afiefted or rated, that then the Goods and Chattels lo distrained, shall be appraisedvby two or more of the Inhabitants of the Township or Parish where the same shall be taken, or other sufficient Persons, and be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus (if any) after the Sum or Sums so rated and assessed, and the Charges of taking, keeping and felling the said Distress are deducted, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand'; and the: several Tenants to pay

the Rates, and deduct the same out of the Rento

and respective Tenants of all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds bounded and described as aforesaid, which are or shall be rated or afiefted by virtue of this Act, are hereby required and authorised to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, so aftefl ed and charged upon such Fen Lands and xow Grounds, and to deduct out of the Rents so much of the said Assessment or Rate, as the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or the Tenant or Tenants in respect thereof, are or shall be afiefted or rated at; and the Landlords both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rent; and every Tenant paying such afteftrnent or Rate, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment or Rate shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Rent of such Lands or Grounds, except where there is a Lease of three or more Years to come from the Corn Exception, 'mencement of this Act j. in which Case the Proportion, of the Assessment or Rate, which the Tenant 0, ught

- to

Where no di firels can be f iund, the Lands a e to remain a Securin';

and if Lands shall be dug up into Hods or Turf, Taxes are to be levied on owner's Goods where fuever found.

C

n

3 3'

Anno tricesimo Georgii 1 II

A.D. 1757.

horse mills and aether Engines may be tressed on arable Lands, tc drain the same.

Owner neglecting to lode, &c. tjle fajj the leading Dikes be, a id lay pioper — *.

Tunnels, Collec

to bear and pay in Consideration of the Benefit he receives, shall be adjudged and awarded by five or more of the said of for putting this Act in Execution.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be found for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith, shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Goods and Chattels which shall at any Time hereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised and sold in Manner aforei aid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges of such Distress shall be fully paid and satisfied; and if any Owner or Owners of any of the said Fen Lands, shall at any Time hereafter dig up, or permit such Lands or any Part thereof, to be dug up into Hods or Turf, whereby the said Lands shall lie unoccupied and waste; the Taxes charged thereupon shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, wheresoever such Goods or Chattels shall be found, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands or Seals of any five or more of the said Commissioners, which Warrant or Precept such of, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to make as Occasion shall require.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners and Occupiers of such Parts of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as are arable, and produce Winter Crops, to erect ilorfe mills, or other small Engines thereon, in order to drain the said Land, so as to preserve the said Crops; and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of Fen Lands or Low Grounds, to which any Leading, Outring or Division Dike doth or shall hath or have filled up, or shall fill up or make any Way over the same, without laying a sufficient Funnel under such Way, or shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open or repair tors to cause the fuc'n Leading, Outring or Division Dike, after twenty-one Days Notice given to him, her or them for same to b. c. done, that Purpose by the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers for the Time being, ap

a: id levy the tncc.

pointed by Virtue of this Act; then it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dike to be roded, scoured and cleansed in a sufficient Manner; and where there is not a sufficient Tunnel under such Way, to cause those Ways to be taken up, and made so wide and deep as the Dike ought to be; and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said of (which Warrant or Precept such of, or any five or more of them are hereby empowered and required from time to time to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy the Charge thereof upon the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, upon the Grounds and premisses to which such Dike or Dikes, Way or Ways doth or do, or shall respectively belong, (over and above the other Rates and Taxes charged or to be charged upon the same Grounds and premisses by Virtue of this Act) rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, when demanded, after all Charges paid.

Per"

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make or cause to be made any wttenng pkces watering-place for Cattle to drink at, in any mill drain which shall be made within the said Fen for Cattle m Lands or Low Grounds, or shall drive or cause to be driven any Wagon, Cart or other Carriage, upon

Mill drains, or any Bank which shall be made or maintained by Virtue of this Act (unless such Bank be made upon a driving Wagons common drove way, and a sufficient Passage shall not be left along the Side of the said Bank) and be on the Banks, hereof lawfully convicted before any Justice of Peace for the said County of Norfolk; such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the Use of the Person giving Information thereof, the Sum of ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom he or she shall be so convicted.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or maliciously cut, throw down or destroy any of the Banks, Works or Engines so to be made or crcdled as aforei aid, or by any Ways hinder, obstruct or lay open any of the Cuts, Drains, Darns or other Works to be made for draining or improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as aforesaid, and shall be convicted of such Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party, before two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk \ every such Person so convicted shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the said Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to be employed in carrying on the Works and Improvements in and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and for want of such sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall by the said Justices be committed to the common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said juf rices; and if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously set Fire to, burn or otherwise destroy any of the said Engines to be erected as aforesaid, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person shall he adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to transoort such Felons for seven Years, in like Manner as Other Felons are dirtfdled to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Penalty of destroying the Banks, or other Wurks, &c.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 35; 135

XXIV. And to the End it may appear clearly what Money has been raised, from time to time, by Virtue of this Act, and that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be satisfied that the moneys so raised have been duly applied; ' Be it further enacted, That once in every Accounts of Ee year, on one of the Days herein before appointed for the Meeting of the said Commissioners, Inspec fe, p.ts and Dr' tion Arall be had by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, of the Receipts and Disburse a^ited^nnn ments of such Money as shall have been raised by Virtue of this Act, to the twenty-fifth Day of March auy. an(j tj, e then next preceding; and all Accounts relating to the same shall be then, or within ten Days after, Vouches to ie made up and settled by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, then assembled at such produced, c. Meeting as aforesaid; which Time the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of their respective Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination thereof upon Oath (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby im powered to allow and pals the said Accounts as they shall think fit, or such Part or Parts of the same as they shall see just and reasonable; such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts of them as shall Accounts when be so allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands, shall be fairly ent°eted in°three entered in three several Books to be kept for that Purpose; whereof shall remain with the said Com Books, scc. missioner, onetjiall be kept in the Parish Church of Saint Mary in Feltwell, and the other in the Parish Church of Soufirfety aforesaid; any of the said Books shall and may be inspected and perused without Fee or any other Reward, at any Time at seasonable Hours, by any Person requiring the same, being an Owner of any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, Rights of the shall not extend or be construed to extend to invalidate, lefien, diminish, alter or take away any of the Conservators of Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company ofbejfor^ Level Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and reerve tot Conservators, by Virtue of an Aftmade in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, Shi Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; or by Virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; that all Rights, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by Virtue of the said Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or in any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never been made.

XXVI. And whereas by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second it was, 15car. 2. C 17, amongst other Things enacted, That the Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Great Level should have Power to lay Taxes upon the ninety five thousand Acres of Land (allotted as a Recom pence for the Draining of the said Great Level) for the Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, and to levy the same, with Penalties for nonpayment; and that the said Governor,

Bailiffs and Conservators should have Power to sell so much of such Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, upon which any Taxes should be in Arrear, or Penalties, in such Propor tions as the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators should judge to be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Penalties: And whereas several Parcels of the said ninety five thousand Acres of Land, lying with in the said Bounds herein before described, were at different Times, put up to Sale in Pursuance and according to the Directions of the before recited Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second,

and of one other Act passed in the twentieth Year of the said King, intituled, An Act for the Taxing 20 Car. 2, C

and assefing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens; in order to raise the Taxes and Penalties in Arrear, for and in respect of the said Lands; but the same not being thought worth the Taxes and Penalties due thereon, such Lands could not be sold, so as to raise such Penalties and Taxes; and the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators having directed their Officers, from time to time, to bid for such Lands as could not be sold for the Amount of the Taxes and Penalties respectively due thereon, they the said Officers became the Purchasers of such Lands, and have either conveyed the same to the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or declared such Purchases to have been made in Trust for the said Corporation; and the Lands so purchased have remained vested in the said Corporation, and are called Invcjied Lands, and have been annually rated and assessed to the Taxes laid upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, according to their respective Proportions, in Purfuame of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second; but such Taxes not having been raised or paid, the said Corporation have, from time to time, let such Invested Lands,

or such Parts of them as they could find Tenants for, at such Rents as could be procured for the same;

but the Profits arising from the Lands so let, have been very sin all and inconsiderable, and much less than the Taxes with which such Lands have been assessed: And whereas it will be for the Benent of the said Corporation, that the said invested Lands fh ould be.fold for the belt Price that can be gotten for the same, discharged of all Arrears of Taxes assessed or to be assessed thereon, before the said Lands shall be sold, by Virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second; but subject nevertheless, in like Manner as the rest of the said ninety five thousand Acres, to the Taxes to be assessed by Virtue of me said Acts, after the said Lands hail be so sold; and that in the mean Time, and until such lands.can be sold, the said^qorporation.should be enabled to pay the

136 C

o?

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

The ccrperati cn Receiver is tc pay out of the Taxes of the South and Middie Levels, the Rates chargeable hetel y on the Inverted Lands, vntil the said Lands are sold. corr.niifitcners to be appointed annually for the Inverted Lands.

The said Lands may be sold by audlon, p'ving Notice cf such Sale.

Corporation to make a Conveyance thereof to the Purchasers.

The said Lands are liable to be tated after Sale, as they were before.

Limitation of Actions,

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

Rates and Taxes to be a defied, by Virtue of this Act, upon the said Lands, for draining the same; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That the Receiver for the Time being of the said Corporation shall, out of the Taxes and Revenues of the South and Middle Levels (Part of the said Great Level) pay, upon Demand, to the Collector or Collectors to be. appointed by the said Commissioners, all such Rates and Taxes as are or shall be charged by Virtue of this Act upon the said Inverted Lands, or any Part thereof, until the same shall be sold, as herein after is directed; and such Receiver shall be, and he is hereby absolutely discharged and indemnified of and for the Sums so by him paid to the said Collector or Collectors, as if such Sums had been paid to and by the Order and Direction of the said Corporation.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs and conserva tors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, shall have full Power and Authority to appoint annually, at their Abril Meeting, one Commissioner for every three hundred Acres of the said Inverted Lands, for which the Taxes to be imposed by Virtue of this Act shall be paid as aforesaid, for so long Time as three hundred Acres of the said Lands shall remain inverted.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Bailiffs and con fervators or any seven or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs or any offi^m, to be two, to cause the said Inverted Lands to be publicly sold by Auction, either all together or fafl/ots as they now lie, to the best Bidder or Bidders, at the shire house in y, at any April Meeting of the said Corporation; of which Sale or Sales public Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in the Cambrige and Ipswich Journals, if such News Papers shall then continue to be published; shall also be affixed in Writing, under the Seal of the said Corporation, at or upon the aid shire house, one Month at the lead before the Time of such Sale; and that after any of the said Lands shall be so sold, the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, shall grant or convey, under the Seal of the said Corporation, the Lands so sold, to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, freed and discharged of and from all Rates and Taxes which, at any Time before such Sale, shall have been rated or charged unon the said Lands by Virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to the said Great Level; and every such Grant or Conveyance shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Lands had been sold for nonpayment of Taxes, pursuant to the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second.

XXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said Corporation to discharge the said Inverted Lands, or any Part thereof, from any Rates or Taxes which the same shall, after Sale thereof as aforesaid, be liable to be rated or assessed with by Virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, or by Virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, relating to the said Great Level; but that the said Inverted Lands, after they shall be so sold, shall be liable to be rated and assessed in the same Manner as they were before the making of this Act; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Addion, Suit or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Acd, every such Addion or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadd committed; and shall be laid or brought in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Addion or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in Replevin, may ju rtify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons adding by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Fact alleged in such Action or Suit to have been done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdidd shall pass against him, her or them upon a Demurrer, or otherwise; then or in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover treble Costs, for which he, he or they shall have like Remedy as where Corts by Law are awarded.

XXXI. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to be a public Add; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C. 36. 137

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington and in the Parish of Upwell in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, lying and being in the fevers.)

Townships or Hamlets of March and jvimblmgton, and in the Parish o I Upwell, in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, containing in the whole eleven thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and which are bounded as follows; that is to say, From March Bridge north eastward, along the south east Bank of the River Nene, to the Lands belonging to fames Collier Esquire, and from thence Eastward by the Bank belonging to the said James Collier Esquire, to the East Side of Well or March Pingle, and front thence Southward by the said Bank, to a Piece of Land called March Tcivn Piece, and from thence Eastward by the said Bank, to a certain Drain called thurloe's Drain or The Sixteen Foot; and along that Drain on the West Side thereof, to the Bank on the Northward Side of the Lands belonging to the said James Collier, now or late in the Occupation of Robert G lent on, and by that Bank to Lord Towii 4 /bend's Lands, and by the said Bank on the Side of Lord town/hend's Lands to Horsemore Severally cal led The Thirties; and from thence by the East Side of Horsemore Thirties and Horsemore Fifties, to the Lands lately belonging to Thomas Revel Esquire; and from thence Westward, between Horsemore Fifties and the Lands lately belonging to the said Thomas Revel to Wimblington Lots; and from thence South ward, between Wimblington Lots and the said Lands lately belonging to the Paid Thomas Revel, and Bar ber's Lot to the Gravel Bank, and by that Bank on the North Side thereof, to a Place called The Hook;

and from thence along the Common on the North Side of darrell's Bank to Sir Thomas peyton's Dole,

and so to Mill Hill, and from thence along the Edge of the low Parts of the Commons and Greens cal led Stow Fen and Town End Green, to the South Bank of the said River Nene, and along the said Bank Westward, to a certain ancient Sewer called The Hith or Hive; and from thence by the Edge of the Hardlands to Ranfonmoor Bank; and along the North Side of that Bank to Master collier's Bank; and along the East Side of that Bank, to the River Nene aforesaid; along the South Side of that River to March Bridge; and from thence on the North Side of the said River Nene Westward, to Lands be longing to Eleanor and Sarah Hake, and from thence, excluding those Lands, to shaw's Dike; and along shaw's Dike to bevil's Learn, and along the said Learn to hob's Drain, and along hob's Drain to moor's Drain, and from thence Eastward, along the said Drain to the said River Nene, and from thence South Eastward, along the North Bank of the said River to March Bridge, are frequently very much annoyed with Waters, through the Defeat of their Outfalls to Sea, to the great Damage and Imoove rishment of the Owners of such Lands, and to the Loss of the Public: And whereas the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, cannot be drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament; '

[Lands to bedi

May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com vided into six mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the better and dlftrl£ls' more effectual Execution of the Purposes of this at, the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons,

hall be and are hereby divided into six Districts: that the Lands and Grounds which are bounded the first difirict/ and described as follows; that is to say, From March Bridge North Eastward, along the South East Bank of the River Nene, as far as the Lands belonging to James Collier Esquire; and from thence Eastward, by the Bank belonging to the said James Collier, to the East Side of Well or March Pingle; and from thence Southward, by the said Bank, to a Piece of Land called March Town Piece; and by the West End of such Piece of Land to the Outring Ditch, between Bynnimoore Common and the Bedlam Lands, and along the West Side of such Ditch to Horsemore Scverals called The Thirties; and from thence, by the East Side of Horsemore Thirties and Horsemore Fifties, to the Lands lately belonging to Thomas Revel Esquire; from thejnee Westward, between Horjemore Fifties and the Lands lately belonging to the said Thomas Revel to Wimblington Lots; and from thence Southward, between Wimblington Lots and the said Lands lately belonging to the said Thomas Revel, and barber's Lot, to the Gravel Bank, and along the said Gravel Bank, on the North Side thereof, and excluding the same Bank, to a Place called The Hook, and from thence along the Common on the North Side of Dorrell's Bank, excluding the said Bank, to Sir Thomas peyton's Dole, int eluding the said Dole; and along the South Side of the said Dole, to a Place called Mill Still, and from thence

along the Edge of the low Parts of the Commons and Greens called Stow Fen and town end Green, with the Great and Little Hurst, Which Fen and Joan sadd/hole, including the said low Parts of the Lid Commons and Greens, and so to the southbank of the said River Nene, and to March Bridge; and all the Lands and Grounds Ling within the said Boundaries, containing in the whole two thousand five hundred Acres, or thereabouts, shall be deemed the first of the said Districts: And that the Lands and Grounds which are bound Second District; ed and described as follows; that is to say. From the South East Corner of the Lands belonging to the said James Collier Esquire, late naylor's, along the West Side of the said Drain called Thurloe's Drain or The Sixteen Foot, to the Bank on the Northward Side of the Lands belonging to the said James Collier Esquire, now or late in the Occupation of Robert Glenton, and by that Bank to Lord town/hend's Lands, and by the said Bank on the Side of Lord Town fetid's Lands to Horsemore Drove, and on the East Side of such Drove by Lord Towns end's Lands, Owen gray's Lands, John eaton's Lands, Chrifother adamson's Vol. VIII T X Lands,

C /<6.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Third District.

Fourth District.

Fifth District.

Sixth District.

commiaiorers fr 1 ft, 3d, th, and 6th Districts

J -

of entitled but to one Vote.

Commissioners f 11 the fecund L Ar: ct.

Lands, and March Town Lands, including all the said Lands, to another Bank belonging to the said James Collier, by that Bank on the Welt and North Sides of March Town Lands, and the North Side of the Earl of anglej eccs Lands, including those Lands to the said Drain called Thurloe's or The Sixteen Foot; and all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Boundaries, containing in the whole one thousand two hundred Acres, or thereabouts, shall be deemed the second of the said Districts: that the Lands and Grounds which are bounded and described as follows, that is to say, From March Bridge West ward, on the South Side of the River Nene to the Hytke; and from thence by the Edge of the Hardlands of Swaps Common, to the Hardlands on Burrowmore Common; and from thence by the Edge of the Hardlands to Ran j'omfioor Bank; and along the North Side of that Bank, excluding the same, to Mailer Collier s Bank, excluding the said last mentioned Bank; and along the eastside of that Bank to the River Nene; and along the South Side of the said River to the Hythe aforesaid, and so to March Bridge; and all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Boundaries, containing in the whole seven hundred Acres, or thereabouts,

shall be deemed the third District: That the Lands and Grounds which are bounded and described as follows; that is to say, From March Bridge, by the North Side of the River Nene Westward, to Lands be* longing to Eleanor and Sarah Hake; and from thence, excluding those Lands, to shaw's Dike; and along shaw's Dike to bevill's Learn; and along the said Learn to hob's Drain; and along that Drain to a certain public Highway called The New Road; and along that Road, excluding the same, to Norwood Common; and by the Edge of the Hardlands of the said Common, to a Lane called brook's Lane, excluding the said Lane, and so to March Bridge; and all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Boundaries, containing in the whole six thousand Acres, or thereabouts, shall be deemed the fourth District: th Lands and Grounds which are bounded and described as follows; that is to say, From March Bridge on the North Side of the River Nene, to the Edge of the Highlands lying against pouts hirn; and along that Edge, to a certain Farm called ejlepher Farm, belonging to the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Saint john's College in Cambridge, and now in the Tenure of Thomas Hunt, including the Lowlands in the said Farm; and so by the Edge of a Piece of Land called The Nezv Piece, to the Hardlands, of a Place called hundred acres Him; and along that Hirn, to the Old Chain; and from thence Eastward, along moor's Drain, as far as the River Nene; and from thence South West, along the north Bank of the River Nene, including the said Bank, to March Bridge, and all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Boundaries, containing in the whole eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts, shall be deemed the fifth District: And that the Lands and Grounds which are bounded and described as follows; that is to say, From that Part of the said new.road which lies on the South Side of moor's Drain, along by the said Drain to a Place called The Old Chain; and from thence to Norwood Common Green, and so by the Edge of the Hardlands of the said Common, to the new Road aforesaid; and by the East Side of such Road, to hob's or moor's Drain; and all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Boundaries, containing in the whole feveti hundred Acres, or thereabouts, shall be deemed the sixth District.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, X'hat the Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies for the Time being, of the Manor of Dodington, with the Members, or, in his, her or their Absence, an 1 Agent appointed by such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, under his, her or their Hand or Hands, the Rector of Dodington for the Time being, the Town Bailiff of March for the Time being, the Burfer of Saint john's College in Cambridge for the Time being, and the Tenant or Occupier of ejlepher Farm for the Time being, together with such Owners of Lands respectively as are herein after mentioned; that is to say, Each and every real Owner for the Time being respectively, of forty Acres or more of several Lands, subject to be taxed by Virtue of this Act, lying within the first, third, fifth and sixth Districts, or within all, any or either of such Districts; and also each and every real Owner for the Time being respectively, of two or more Lots or Doles, to which two or more Rights of Common do belong, on the Commons and commonable Parts within all, any or either of the said first, third, fifth and sixth Districts; afnd also each and every real Owner for the Time being respectively, of two or more Lots or Doles lying within the said Hamlet of ivnnkuugtcn, during such Time as such respective Ownerships hall continue, shall be and are hereby appointed joint of, at all Times hereafter, for putting in Execution this Act, for and in Respect to the said first, third, fifth and sixth Districts.

III. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to empower any Person who shall be entitled to act as a Commissioner by Virtue of all or any of the Qualifications aforesaid, to give any more than one Vote in relation to any Question which may arise touching the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, x'hat all such Persons as are for the Time being respectively, the real Owners of twenty Acres or more, of several Lands, subject to be taxed by Virtue of tin's Act, and lying within the said second District, during the lime such respective Ownerships shall continue, together with such Persons as shall be nominated in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed of, at all Times hereafter, for putting in Execution this Act, for and in respect to the said second District; and that every Person respectively, who shall be the real Owner of fifty Acres or more, of Lands subject to be taxed by Virtue of this Act, over and above such twenty Acres as aforesaid, and lying within the said second District, may, and every such Person is hereby authorised to nominate and appoint, by Writing under his Hand, one Commissioner for every fifty Acres of the said Lands which such Person shall be so possessed of or entitled to, over and above such twenty Acres as aforesaid; every Person so appointed, during the X'imc such Appointment shall continue, or the Person making the same, shall be poftcfled of the Lands, in respect whereof such Appointment V as made, shall and may act as a Commissioner for the said second District, as fully and cfl edtually

to

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 36. 139

1

to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person was thtj real Owner of twenty Acres of taxable Lands within such District.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Sir John Bernard Baronet, Matthew fourthdiflrift. Wyldbore, Maximilian walsham, Robert Foster, Hutton Perkins, Arinjled Parker, Esquires; Simon Goodman,

Matthew Walton, Thomas Spring, Thomas Baker, Simon Hardy, John Wrangle, the Reverend John Wakclin,

Thomas Waddington, John Goojlrey, Nevil Goodman, Charles Brown, James Boyce, Richard Smith, Robert Barker, and the Steward for the Time being of Wade's Charity, shall be, and they and their successors, to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, for and in respect to the said fourth District.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Disqualification, of

Resignation or Refusal to act, of any Commissioner herein before named, or hereafter to be elected ^f^rth Di s for the Paid fourth District, except the said Steward for the Time being for Wade's Charity, it

shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners for such District, or any five or more of them, assembled ae a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on March Bridge, to choose and elect from time to time one other Person, being qualified as herein after mentioned, a Commissioner, in the Place of the Person who shall die, resign, become disqualified, or refuse to act as aforesaid; every such new Commissioner shall have the same Power and Authority for putting this Act in Execution, as if he had been herein named a Commissioner for such District.

VII. Provided always, That no person hereby appointed, or hereafter to be chosen a Commissioner Qualification, for the said fourth District, shall be enabled to act as a Commissioner for such District, except the said Steward of Wade's Charity, unless lie shall be the real owner of three or more Lots or Doles, to which

three or more Rights of Common, on the Commons and commonable Parts, do belong, within the said fourth District, or the real Owner of sixty Acres or more, of several Lands, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying within such fourth District.:

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful Agents may be for any Commissioner for the said first, third, fifth and sixth Districts, who for the Time being, is the app01iued; real Owner respectively of eighty Acres or more, or such several Lands as aforesaid, or four or more such

Lots or Doles as aforesaid; also for any Commissioner for the said second District, who for the Time being shall be a Commissioner in his own Right, as the real Owner respectively of twenty Acres or more, of such several Lands as aforesaid; and also for any Commissioner for the said fourth District, who for the Time being, is the real Owner respectively of one hundred Acres or more, of such several Lands as aforesaid; every such respective Commissioner is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his Hand from time to time, and for such Time as he shall think proper, an Agent to act in his Absence as a Commissioner; and such Agents shall and may in the Absence of the Persons respectively by whom they shall be appointed, act as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioners respectively might act and do, if they were personally present; no Commissioner appointed by any Owner of Lands in the said second District, in respect of such owner's being possessed of fifty Acres or more as aforesaid, shall be enabled to appoint an Agent,

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall For qualifying be joint Owner with any other Person or Persons of several Lands, subject to be taxed by virtue of this pe*f0" |ioi, ntiy Actor of any such Lots or Doles aforesaid, and the Interest or Property of such Person in such Lands, £°ftae, es ot or in such Lots or Doles, shall be equal to, or exceed the respective Quantities of several lands, or the Numbers of such Lots or Doles as are herein before respectively mentioned for the Qualification of Commissioners to actor ro appoint Agents to act in their Absence in the said respective Districts, or to appoint Commissioners in the said second District, every such Person shall be and is hereby respectively im powered to act as a Commissioner for such District or Districts respectively, and to appoint an Agent as aforesaid, and to appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said second District as aforesaid, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person was distinctly and separately possessed of such Interest or Property in such respective District or Districts; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners for the said Meetings for District, or any five or more of such respective Commissioners, shall hold two General Meetings in every the >efpeaive Year, in Manner following; that is to say, Such Meetings of the Commissioners for the first, third, fijfth Dlflnfts* and sixth Districts, shall be held on the Day after the first: Monday; in May, and the Day after the first Monday in October, the Meetings of the Corn mi/lion ers for the second District shall be held on the third

Monday in May, and the first Monday in November; and the Meetings of the Commissioners for the fourth District shall be held on the first Monday in May and the last Monday in October; and the said 'respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may meet at such other Time or Times as they sir all think proper; and the first Meeting of such respective Commissioners shall be held at the House known by the Sign of the White Hart an the Town of March, on the Days following; that is to say, The corqmif sioners for the first, third, fifth and sixth Districts fhafi meet on the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred fifty seven; for the second District on the thirtieth, Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for the fourth District on the first Day. of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven 5 and the respective Commissioners assembled at the said first Meeting, or at any General Meeting, shall and may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at such other

tvs 'lime

14c

Where to be held.

of to make and maiiuainworks;

m king Satisfaction.

Officers to be appointed.

C 36. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Time and Times as they, or any five or more of them respectively shall think fit; and such respective Commissioners, or any five yr more of them, may also meet at such other Time and Times, as any five or more of them respectively hall think necessary to appoint, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on March Bridge, in respect to all such Meetings as shall be so summoned for the first, third, fifth and sixth districts, and the said fourth District; upon March and Upvccll Bridges for all such Meetings as shall be so summoned for the said second District, seven Days at the least before the holding any such Meeting respectively; the said respective Commissioners, at all the Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, shall defray their own Expenses.

XI. Provided always, That all the General Meetings, and all the Meetings which shall be held by Adjournment, or shall be summoned in Manner as aforesaid, for the first, third, fifth and sixth Districts, and also for the said fourth District, shall be held at such convenient Place or Places in the said Town of March, as the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at the previous meeting.which shall be held by Adjournment, hall appoint, or as shall be specified in the Notice for summoning such Meetings respectively, and not elsewhere; that in like Manner, every third Meeting for the said second District shall be held at the Town of Upzucll; and the other Meetings for such District at the said Town of March, and not elsewhere.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners for the said Districts, or any five or more of such Commissioners, assembled at all or any of their Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby fully empowered, from time to time to make, support, alter and maintain, or cause to be made, supported, altered or maintained, such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, Headings, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Works and Engines, in, through and upon the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, or any Part thereof, in such respective Districts; to make, erect, remove, alter, repair and maintain all such Works and Engines thereupon; and if any Works or Engines are already made or erected in such Districts, to remove, alter, repair, or continue the same, in such Manner as they the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from time to time think necessary or convenient for draining and preserving the said Lands, Grounds and Commons; and also to make such Orders, and give such Directions for carrying on, and for the better and more orderly Government of the said Works, and for executing the Purposes of this Act, within and in relation to such respective Districts, as they the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them hall think proper; making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who hath or have a Right to the Soil through or upon which any such Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank, Tunnel, Heading, Tray, Stamp, Outlet, Work or Engine, hall be made and erected, for the Damages he, he or they hall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between such respective Commissioners; any five or more of them, and the Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid; if such respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and such Person or Persons, cannot agree touching the Amount of such Damage, that then the same shall be assessed, adjudged, and finally determined, by the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at any General or Quarter session of the Peace, which shall be held for the said isle of Ely, within six Months after such Dispute shall arise; and in case such Owner or Owners shall make Oath, that in his, her or their Opinion or Judgement, such Damage amounts to above the Value of forty Shillings, the Justices at such Sessions shall. they are hereby authorised and required to charge the Jury, which hall attend at such Session, or some other Jury of twelve honest and indifferent Men (to be then and there impanelled and returned by the Chief Bailiff of the said isle of Ely, without Fee or Reward) and cause them to be sworn well and truly, on their Oaths, to assess the re compence to be made for such Damage, which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer to the said Juries; and to which said Juries the said respective Commissioners, and the Parties complaining, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Jury being so charged and sworn as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence, upon Oath, to them given, of the Nature of such Damage, shall by their Verdict, assess the Damages and Recompense to be made for the same, to such Owner or Owners; and the Verdict of the Jury, and the Judgement of the said Justices thereupon, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at all or any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby respectively empowered to appoint such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and such other proper Officer or Officers, for each of the said several Districts, as they the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit, for the taking Care of all such Works, and for collecting the Taxes or Assessments which shall be made, rated or afiessed, in each of the said several Districts; and to allow to such Officers, out of such Taxes or Assessments, such yearly or other Wages or Salaries for their Trouble and Pains in their respective Offices, as they the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, present at any such Meeting, hall think reasonable; said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and other Officer or Officers, so to be appointed, may be altered and removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which fourteen Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on March Bridge, and another or others appointed in his or their Room or Stead, as Occasion shall reejuire; and such Collectors or Receivers shall, before they act in the Execution of their respective Offices, give such Security, if the same shall be required, for the due Execution of such respective Offices, and for performing the several Trusts to them committed,

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 36. 14.1

as the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at any Meeting, shall think fit.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said re Taxes on feverd spetftive Commissioners, or any five or more' of them, assembled at their first and at any General Half Lands, yearly Meeting or Meetings, yearly and every Year to a fiefs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the re respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and singular the said several Fen Lands and

Low Grounds within such respective districts, by an equal and proportionable Tax or assessment, in Manner following; that is to say, For the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the said first, second, fourth and sixth Distritfts, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole two Shillings per Acre in any one Year and for the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the said third and fifth Districts, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole five Shillings per Acte in anyone Year; over and above such Taxes and Act'eftments whereunto the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds now are, or hereafter may be chargeable; and also to limit and appoint such Days and Places for the respective Payments of such Taxes to the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for such re speotive Districts, as they the said respective of, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals shall think proper.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the The Quantify of Quantities of the Lands so to be rated and taxed as aforesaid, within the said respective Districts, shall, rateable Lands on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be given in to the Re be slven in eeivers or collectors for such respective Districts, by the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of such 1 e0wnerjv Lands; and if any of the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of Land within any such District or Districts, shall neglect or refuse to give in to any such Receivers or Collectors a particular Account of the

Number of Acres contained in their several Lands; or in case there shall be reason to suspect the Number of Acres is not truly Rated in any such Account, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order, a Survey to be made of any of the said Lands by an able Surveyor, not being a Proprietor of any Lands in the District, upon Oath; which Oath any two of the Commissioners of the respective Districts are hereby empowered to administer; any Survey which shall be so made, shall be sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said of, or any five or more of them, to ascertain and determine the Quantities of such Lands; and the Charge of surveying the Lands of such Person or Persons as shall neglect or refuse to give in such Account, or delivering in a false Account, shall be paid by such Person or Persons respectively; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, shall be recovered in such Manner as the Taxes are herein directed to be recovered; and in case it shall appear upon any such Survey, that the Number of Acres was truly stated in any such Account, the Charge of such Survey shall be defrayed out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act within the respective District, wherein the Survey shall be so made.

XVI. And whereas the said Commons and Commonable Parts which are bounded and deferihed as Taxes on com aforesaid, consist of one hundred and eighty Rights of Common, and extend into the first, third, fourth, monrights; fifth and sixth Districts, and it is necessary that the Taxes for such Commons and Commonable Parts

should be equally and generally assessed upon all the said Rights; and that such Taxes should be afeer tained and regulated according to the Quantity of such Commonable Parts, lying within each of the said Districts, and the Amount of the Taxes for the several Lands within the lame respectively; and it will tend to the more easy and effectual raising of the said Taxes, V if the same were to be assessed, collected and levied, by and under the Direction of the Commissioners for the said first, third, fifth and sixth Districts; it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the first Meeting, and at any General Half yearly Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, the said Commissioners for the said first, third, fifth and sixth Districts, or any five or more of them, shall yearly and every Year, assess, rate, tax and charge, all and every Person or Persons, who shall be entitled to any Right or Rights of Common upon the said Commons or Commonable Parts, for the Use of the said Districts, in Manner and according to the Proportions following; that is to say, When the Taxes for the several Lands in all such Districts shall how to be a? amount unto the full Sums herein before authorised to be assessed upon such several Lands within such r°rti01ietlj Districts, the several Sums following shall be assessed upon the said one hundred and eighty Common Rights for the Use of such District, and raised by an equal Tax of seven Shillings and six Pence for each Right; to wnt, The Sum of twenty-two Pounds and ten Shillings, being the amount of the Taxes for sixty of such Rights, for the first District; the Sum of thirty Pounds, being the Amount of the Taxes for eighty of such Rights, for the third District; the Sum of five Pounds twelve Shillings and six Pence, being the Amount of the Taxes for fifteen of such Rights, for the fourth District; the Sum of seven Pounds and ten Shillings, being the Amount of the Taxes for twenty of such Rights, for the fifth District; the Sum of one Pound seventeen Shillings and six Pence, being the Amount of the Taxes for five of such Plights, to the sixth District; and when the Taxes upon the several Lands in all, any, or either of the said Districts shall be less than the full Sum or Sums herein before authorised to be assessed upon the several Lands within such respective Districts, the Sums to be assessed upon the Common Rights for the Use of such Districts respectively, shall be in exact Proportion, as near as may be, to the Taxes for the several Lands in such respective Districts; all the Sums to be assessed in each Year upon the and raised, said one hundred and eighty Common Rights for the Use of all the said Districts, shall be raised in one gross or general Sum, by an equal and general Tax upon each and every of such Rights; and the Taxes so raised shall be allotted and paid by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the Use of such respective Districts in and according to the Proportions in which such Taxes were assessed, and shall

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Separate Collectors.

Certain Lots exempted.

Highlands not to be charged.

Manner of de o rmining which r, C Highlands.

f.remption in 2d Difiriit.

Money to be honovei.

shall be applied in such Manner as the Taxes upon the several Lands in such Districts are directed to be applied; and the Collectors or Receivers of the said Taxes shall pay Inch Proportion or such Taxes as shall from time to time belong to the said fourth District, out of the Moneys collected, to the commissioners for such District, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Collector or Receiver shall, for the Space of thirty Days after such Money shall be in his Hands, neglect or refuse to pay the same after Demand thereof made, such money shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Receivers or Collectors respectively, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said isle of Ely; which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof made on Oath, by any one or more credible Witness or witnesses of the Collection of such Taxes, and the Proportion due to such District, and of such Demand being made (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Moneys, and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, such Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to commit such Receiver or Collector to the Common Gaol of the said Isle, there to remain without Bail or main prize, until such Money, and all reasonable Charges shall be paid unto the said of, or to such Personas they, or any five or more of them shall appoint, or until such Receiver or Collector hall have compounded for the same, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; which Composition such Commissioners, or any five or more of them assembled at a Meeting, whereof ten Days Notice in Writing shall be given and affixed on March Bridge, are hereby empowered to make.

XVII. Provided always, That the said Commissioners for the said first, third, fifth and sixth districts, or any five or more of such Commissioners, hall, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to appoint a separate Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Taxes for such Common Rights, and may make such Allowance for his or tlifir Trouble therein, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think reasonable; which Allowance shall be made out of such Taxes allotted to each district in Proportion, as near as maybe, to the Amount of the respective Sums allotted; and such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall take such Security from all such Collectors or Receivers, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit, and may from time to time remove such Collectors or Receivers, or any of them, as often as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think proper.

XVIII. And whereas four Lots, each whereof contains eighteen Acres, or thereabouts, are lying in Burrow Adoor, near the River None, and which are Parcel of the said third district, and are now, or lately were, belonging to John Matthews, John Fife, and the Trustees of the Town of March, have been made use of for the Purposes of Fuel, and are therefore unable to bear such Tax as is herein before imposed on other Lands comprised within the said third district; Be it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands in Burrow Moor, now or lately belonging to John Matthews, John Fife, and the Trustees of the Town of March, shall not be liable to be rated or assessed, or to pay in any one Year, for or in respect of such Lands, more than after the Rate of one Moiety of the Acre Tax which shall be rated, afiefl ed or paid, for or in respect of the other Lands in the said third district in each respective Year; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, That no Tax or Assessment shall be rated, charged or levied, for or in respect of any Lands being Part of the Lands bouqded and described as aforesaid, which are known and distinguished by the Name of Highlands, and have not been subject to Inundations; and if any Dispute shall arise, whether any of such Lands shall or shall not be deemed Highlands, the same shall be determined upon View, by any four or more Commissioners for all, any or either the said districts, not having any Property in the district wherein such Lands shall lie; two of which Commissioners shall be nominated by the Commissioners for the district wherein such Lands are situate, or any five or more of them, and the other two by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in Dispute; and such four Commissioners shall choose one other Commissioner, not having Property in such district, as an Umpire to determine such Dispute, in case such four Commissioners should be equally divided in their Opinions; and all such Commissioners, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall take an Oath well and truly, to the best of their Judgment and Knowledge, to determine whether such Lands shall or shall not be deemed Highlands (which Oath any one or more of the Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) and Inch Commissioners shall let forth their Determination in twcfdiftincl Writings, and shall sign the same; and one of such Writings shall be delivered to the Owner Cf such Lands, and the other of such Writings shall be depefited in the Townhall in March aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Taxes or assessments shall be charged or paid for any Land in the said fecoiul district, lying within the Distance of five Poles (being the Pole of eighteen Feet) from the Bank of the said Sixteen Foot Drain, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And to the End that a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes of this act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said respective di llricls, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, by Writing

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

C. 36. 143

under their Hands and seals, to assign, over the Taxes and Assessments hereby authorised to be rated and charged within and upon Account of such respective Districts, and every or any Part thereof (the Costs and charges of such Assignment to be paid out of the said Taxes or Assessments) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of money to be borrowed for the Purposes of executing this Act within, or upon Account of such respective Districts; to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, as shall advance or lend the same, to secure the Repayment thereof, with Interest, not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per an nutn, so that a separate and distinct Assignment be made of the Taxes or assessments arising within ftr; h Districts, and it be particularly distinguished and set forth in every such Assignment on account of which of the said piftriefs such Moneys are io respectively borrowed.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Securities or Assignments shall and may be And afihn assignable or transferable, by Endorsement on the original Grant or Security thereof, or otherwise, with ir.ents trauf out Stamp, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or fcrred assignment shall be made, shall, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book or Books to

be kept for that Purpose for each respective District, be well and fufilciently entitled to the Moneys thereby feenred, and the Interest: due, and to grow due thereon; which Entry is hereby required to be made upon Request, and producing such Assignment, and, paying two Shillings for every such Entry; and such assignee'or. Amgnees, and every after nflignee and Assignees may, in like Manner, by Endorsement, or otherwise, without Stamp, assign and make over such Transfers or Assignments as aforesaid; lo teties quoties as Occasion hall require; every such Transfer or Assignment being entered in such Book as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than thesum3t» the respective Sums following shall be borrowed or owing at any one Time upon the Credit or Security of be borrowed in the Taxes or Assessments arising within, or in relation to the said. respective Districts; that is to say, 'ach respectwo On the Taxes for the fist District, one thousand two hundred Pounds; on the Taxes for the second D "trk"'distr.idt, six hundred Pounds; on the Taxes for the third District, four hundred Pounds; on the Taxes

for the fourth District, three thousand five hundred Pounds; on the Taxes for the fifth District, one thousand Pounds; or on the taxes for the sixth District, six hundred Pounds; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And for the better feeuring the Payment of the Principal and Interest of the Sums of Money Taxes rot to fce

certain

borrowed by virtue of this Act, upon the Credit, of the Taxes or Assessments in the said respective under a ' Districts; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during such Time and Times as any when M» moneys which ball have been borrowed by virtue of this Act, upon the Credit of the Taxes or act eit ney J CV 'ri' ments within the said respective Efiftridts, or the Interest: upon any such Moneys shall be due or owing, the Acre Taxes or assessments upon, the Owners or Occupiers of, the Lands and Grounds within the District, in respect whereof such Money was borrowed, hall not be less in any one Year than the respective Sums follbjwing; that is to stay, Such Taxes or Assessments hall not be less in the said third and fifth Districts, than, the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence for every Acre,; nor in the said first, second, fourth and sixth Districts, than one Shilling for every Acre in any one Year and that the Taxes or Assessments for or in respect of the said Rights of Common, hall be in Proportion thereto, in such Manner as is herein before directed.

XXV. Provided always, and it is further enacted and declared, That the Taxes or Assessments within Tax?; to h Settle said respective Districts, hall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the principal Money so <-ur!t>for

to be borrowed by the Commissioners for such Districts respectively, and the Interest of such Money, nie bor/owcu* from time to time; and filial] veil in .'the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have the same. Powers, Rights and Privileges of afiefling, raising and recovering the several taxes or Assessments payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within such Districts respectively, for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners and their Collectors could have had, in case such Principal and Interest had been regylarly and fully satisfied and paid.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Taxes or Assessments Agflirarirs of which shall be rated and paid by Virtue of this Act, in each of the said.districts, and the Moneys hor fit mcsi.o. rowed on the Credit of such Taxes or Assessments respectively, shall be applied and expended in defraying such Proportion of, the Expenses of obtaining this Act as is herein after respectively appointed to be defrayed by or on the Behalf of such Districts; also in making, performing, erecting and maintaining the Works for draining, imbanking and preserving the Lands in each District respectively, wherein

or upon Account whereof such Taxes or Assessments shall be raised and paid, and such Moneys shall be borrowed, and in defraying the other necessary Expenses of executing this Act, and in Discharge of the Principal and Interest of the Moneys borrowed in Relation to and upon Account of every such District respectively.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expenses Charges of the of obtaining this Act shall, in the first Place, be born and defrayed out of the Taxes or Assessments to be P "id in raised in each and every of the said Districts respectively, or out of the Moneys to be borrowed on the C u^!j>^r'4 by Credit of such 'Paxes or Assessments, in Proportion to the whole Amount of the highest Taxes or Act'efl cat "r' ments that can be rated upon each District respectively

- And

144*

Taxes to be levied by Distress and Sale.

C 36. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so rated

XX

their Ren:

except where there is a Lease of three Years to come.

or assessed as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Tax or Assessment charged upon him, her or them respectively, for the Space of twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment to be limited and appointed as aforesaid, public Notice thereof being affixed upon March Bridge, and Demand made by the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or by forne other Person or Persons authorised by him or them respectively for that Purpose, hall be lawful for such respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by Virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the respective Commissioners for the respective District; or in case such Tax shall be in respect of any Common Right, by Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the Commissioners for the said sir ft, third, fifth and sixth Districts (which Warrants or Precepts such respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from time to time to make as Occasion shall require) to levy the Sum or Sums so rated or assessed, and all the Arrears thereof, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default; and such Goods and Chattels so distrained, to keep for the Space of four Days, at the Charge of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Owner or Owners shall not, within the said Space ol four Days, pay the Sum or Sums so rated or assessed, and the expences of making and detaining such Distress, that then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised by two or more Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the same shall be taken, or other sufficient Persons, and shall be loid by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, making such Distress for Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus (if any be) arising by such Sale, after deducing such Taxes or Assessments, and the Charges occasioned by such Distress, 'ftidll be returned to such Tenantsmiypay Owner or Owners upon Demand: And the Tenant and Tenants of all': ah'd singulat the said Fen Lands, fu^themvom Low Grounds and Commons, and upon, for or in respect whereof such Taxes or Assessments shall be rated or charged by virtue of this Act, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay such Taxes or Assessments, and to deduct the same out of his, her and their Rent; and every Tenant paying such Tax or Act'cfiment, or Rate, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as such Tax or Assessment shall amount unto, ns if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to thb Rent of such Lands, Grounds and Commons, except where there is a Lease of three or more, Years to come from the Commencement of this Act; in which Case, the Proportion of the Tax Or Assessment, which the Tenant ought to bear and pay in Consideration of the Benefit he or file receives by such Lease, shall be adjusted and awarded by the Commissioners for the District wherein such Lands are situate, or any five or more of them. - < --, '1 L 1

Taxes upon erte

XXIX. Provided always, That the Taxes or Assessments for and in respect of the said Farm and to be piitby the Lands, called ejiepher Farm, and also for and in respect of the Lands called Earls Fen, and the Lands Tenants. belonging to Sir John Bernard, Baronet, lying in the West Fen, shall always be paid and born by, and in case of Nonpayment, levied upon the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Farm and Lands, and not by the Landlords thereof; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof. in any wise notwithstanding ' '

Grounds uncc

XXX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any a'jjecurit* for the art Lands, Low G rounds, or Commons, shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or

tax«.ruy r 1 '4 unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be found, whereon to levy the said Taxes or Assessments, then such Parts of the said Lands, Grounds and Commons, shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof; and all Corn, Hay, and other Goods and Chattels, which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised and sold in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of Taxes or Assessments, and the Charges of such Distress, and detaining, keeping and selling the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied' ' 1 .* 1

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no. Order which shall be made by the said respective Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, at any of their Meetings, shall be altered, reversed, annulled or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unless

lc.s io daysno seven or more of the Commissioners be present at such Meeting, and five or more of them be consenting thereto, nor unless ten Days Notice in Writing be affixed on March Bridge, in which said Notice the Intent and Design of such Meeting shall be declared: And that every Order for executing the Powers of this act shall be made at a Meeting of the Commissioners, to be held in such Manner as is herein before appointed or authorised, and not otherwise; only as to the granting of Precepts or Warrants for levying Taxes or Penalties, which shall and may be granted and signed by such Commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary and be required. 1! >'

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break down, burn, demolish or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, flood gate or Sluice already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or cresting, or made or erected, supported, maintained or used in any of the said Districts, for answering the Purposes of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall he subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and have hereby Power and Authority to transport such Felons for seven Years, in the like Manner as other Felons are directed to be

i'crfons dam: - transported by ihc Laws of this Realm: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously stop, ting the Works, dam up, demolish, damage or destroy any River, Drain, Watercourse, Door, Dam, Bridge, Style or

other

No Order made by the commissioners shall be altered, dec

tice be first fjiven.

All Orders to be made at Meetings.

1'cifons destroy ing Mills, t<c.

to fa Ter as Felons.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 36. 145

other Work or Works, already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, maintained or used for answering the Purposts of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the isle of Ely, (who are hereby required to hear and determine the same, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses) shall forfeit the Sum one hundred Pounds, to be levied by Dito forfeit tool, ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to be applied and laid out in carrying on the Works and Improvements in the respective District, wherein or in relation whereunto, such Offence shall be committed; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall by the Paid Justices be committed to the Common Gaol of the said ife of Ely, for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on

erect, setup, use or work any Horse Mill, Gigg, or other Engine or Device whatsoever, for draining or workinghorse discharging Water from any Lands in the said respective Districts, through or upon the Lands of any c

other Person or Persons within such Di stricts respectively, or in any other Manner than directly and immediately from the Lands of the respective Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine or Device, into the River

Nene, Bcvil's Leam, Hob's or Moore s Drain, or the said Drain called Thurloe's or the Sixteen Foot, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same; and the Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine or Device, shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damage such Person or Persons shall thereby sustain; such Penalty, Compensation and Satisfaction shall be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissi Accounts how to oners, or any five or more of them respectively, hall once in every Year at their General Meetings; be settled, that is to say, The Commissioners for the first, third, fifth and sixth Districts, at their General Meeting

on the Day after the first Monday in May, the Commissioners for the second District, at their General Meeting on the third Monday in May, and the Commissioners for the fourth District, at their General Meeting on the first Monday in May, and on any subsequent Days to which such respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall adjourn, Inspection shall be had by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Moneys as shall have been raised and received by Virtue of this Act, in and in relation to their said several Districts respectively for the Year then last past; and all Accounts relating to the said several Districts shall be at such Meeting, or within ten Days after, made up and settled by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them then assembled, at which Time the several Collectors or Receivers of the Taxes or Assessments in such respective Districts are hereby required to attend, with proper Books of Accounts of their re ceipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination of such Accounts, and of all other Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and received by Virtue of this Act, within or in relation to such Distress respectively, and upon Oath, if the same shall be required by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) the said respective Commissioners or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to allow and pal's under their Hands the said Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts of the same, as they shall see just and reasonable; such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof, shall be fairly entered in two distinct and separate Sets of Books, to be kept for each District for that Purpose; one Set whereof shall be kept by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other Person or Persons for each District respectively, as the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall appoint, and the other Set thereof shall be deposited in the Townhall of the said Town of March'; or such other convenient Place as the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think fit; and the last mentioned Set of Books shall and may be inspected and perused at any Time, at seasonable Hours, by or at the Request of any Person or Persons rated or taxed, in pursuance of this Acton paying six Pence for the same.

XXXV. Provided alwhys, audit is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Proceedings to That all Orders and Proceedings of the said respective Commissioners, or any of them, at their Meetings, be entered in shall be entered in distinct and separate Books to be provided for that Purpose, for the respective Districts Books;

to which such Orders and Proceedings shall relate; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, shall be coojcs ma. b(, signed by five or more of the said respective Commissioners assembled at such Meetings; and being so prodocedtnd signed shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; and all such Books, and also the Books hereby directed read in Evidence to be kept for registering the Securities, Assignments and Transfers, shall or may be read in Evidence in Cases of ap in all Cases of Suits or Actions touching anything done in relation to or in pursuance of this Act. Peals

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any private Mill Satisfaction to»shall, by the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be taken down be made for

or be employed for the Purposes of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, private Mills, shall make such Recompence to the Owner or Owners of every such Mill so taken down or employed, for the Expense such Owner or Owners hath or have incurred in building and supporting such Mill, as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners and Owner or Owners; or in case of Difference con vol. VIII U cerning

6. W.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

cerning the same, as shall be afiefted and adjudged at any General Quarter quarter of the Peace which ill a 11 be held for the said ljle cf Ely, within six Calendar Months after such Dispute shall arise, and shall be determined at such Session by a Jury, in such Manner as is herein before mentioned with respect to Damages exceeding forty Shillings.

XXVII. And whereas several Owners of certain Lands in the said fourth District, and lying contiguous to Bevil's Leam and More's Drain, have been lately at a considerable Expense in heightening and Lengthening the Banks upon the said Lands against the said Drains; ' Be it therefore enacted by Allowance to te the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the fourth District, or any five or more of them, nude in the 4th jvj, ]] out of tj je Moneys arising within or in respect of the said fourth District, allow and pay to all and v 'te^nks on* every Owner or Owners, such Sum or Sums of Money as he, (he and they shall have actually expended within one Year preceding the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in raising, supporting and Lengthening such Banks; and if any Dispute shall arise between any such Owner and the said Commissioners, the same shall be finally determined and settled in such Manner as Disputes, with relation to Lands being or not being deemed Highlands, are by this Act directed to be determined.

priviteworks

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Banks, no: 10 be altered Dams or other Works, which were lawfully erected by private Persons in any of the said di unul the Mills {hicts, fitrdl be cut, taken away or altered (except only in such Cases as the Owners of Mills l anc ^ornrni*onerii shall agree concerning the same) until the several Mills in such respective Di {licts are ready to work.

Directing Bridges

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if by the making snd Tunnels to of any Drain, Mill, Dam or other Work, in pursuance or by Virtue of this Act, the passage of any beade^ed a, d ^er^on or Persons to or from his, her or their Grounds with Cattle or Carriages, shall be interrupted or prevented, the Commissioners for the respective District to which such Works shall belong, or any five or more of such Commissioners, shall, and they are hereby "enjoined and required, before or immediately after such Works shall be completed, to cause a proper Bridge to be built, or Tunnel to be made, and for ever thereafter supported and maintained for the convenient Passage of the Occupier and Occupiers of such Ground respectively to and from the same, with his, her and their Cattle and Carriages, and to defray the Expense of erecting, making and maintaining such Bridges or Tunnels, out of the Taxes or af feflments arising within or in relation to such District respectively.

Penalty on ma

XL. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall king Watering make or cause to be made any watering-place, or any Place of Access for Cattle to drink, in any Mill places and Sock £)rajn within any of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds or Commons, every Person so offending shall forfeit dikes, c. and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall make or cause to be made any sock dike or sock gripple on any of the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds or Commons, within the di stance of ninety Feet from any Bank against any River or Drain into which the Water from any or either of the said Districts shall be thrown, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fourpence for every Foot in Length of such sock dike or sock gripple, and the like Sum for every Month during which the same shall be continued; all which Forfeitures shall, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the jjle of Ely, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to administer, be immediately paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the District wherein the Offence was committed, to be applied for the Improvement of the Works in such District; and in case of nonpayment such Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to the House of Correction for the said Isle, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding three Months.

1 XLI And whereas the Lands lying on the West Side of the ancient Sewer called Plant Water within the fourth District, are lower than the Lands lying on the East Side of the same Sewer within the said District, and are therefore subject to be annoyed with the Waters defeending from the higher Lands; '

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the fourth District, or

any five or more of them, shall before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, cause to be made and erected along the Well Side of the said ancient Sewer called Plant lvatery one good and substantial Bank, and shall from Time to Time always thereafter, keep and maintain such Bank of such sufficient Height and Strength, as may prevent the Waters defeending from the Lands on the East Side of the said Sewer from prejudicing or damaging the said Lands on the West Side of the said Sewer, and defray the Expense thereof out of the Moneys arising within or in relation to the said fourth District.

Owners cf Bar

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con t.r l.m may tained shall be construed to hinder the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands called

the Barber s Lot, from maintaining the Bank now made from the Gravel Bank to the South West Cornet of

gi4*cl b*nlc. said Dands called Barber's Lot.

A Bank to be rmdc on the \\ eft Side of Dint vater.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 36. 14.7

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, and at all Mr. Collier to Times hereafter, the Owner or Owners for the Time being of certain Lands and Grounds now in the supporthe33nfc* Possession of James, Collier Esquire, and lying contiguous to the said first and second Districts, shall maintain and support in good and sufficient Repair, all such Banks as are now maintained, supported and repaired by the Proprietors or Occupiers of i'uch Lands, by way of Fence and Outring Bank against the Lands in the said Districts; and if at any Time hereafter the Water hall overflow' such Banks (except such Overflowing shall be occasioned by a Breach of the Great Wash Banks of the Corporation) or if the Water hall pass through any Breach therein into the said respective Districts, or either of them, and the said James Collier Esquire, or any future Owner or Owmers, or the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands as aforesaid, hall not immediately upon Notice thereof being delivered to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their Place or Places of Abode, or at the Place or Places of Abode of such Occupier or Occupiers, raise or repair the said Banks in such Manner as may prevent the Overflowing or Passage of the Water as aforesaid; then and as often as such Case hall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said, for the said firflr, third, fifth and sixth Districts, or the Commissioners for the said second District, or any five or more of them respectively, from Time to Time to cause such Banks to be raised and repaired in such Manner as may effectually prevent such Overflowing or Passage of the Water as aforesaid; the Expenses necessarily incurred in raising or repairing such Banks shall be reimbursed to the said respective Commissioners by the said James Collier Esquire, or the future Owner or Owners of such Lands, or the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and in case of nonpayment shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier or Occupiers respectively, by Warrant or Precept under the Hands of any three or more of such respective Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any three of them are hereby empowered and required to grant for that Purpose) rendering the Overplus to such Occupier or Occupiers, after such Expenses and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and if the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, raise or repair any such Bank at his, her or their own Expense, or shall pay the Expense of doing thereof as aforesaid, by the Direction of such respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them; or in case such Expense shall be levied on him, her or them, the same shall be deducted by such Tenant or Tenants out of his, her or their Rent, and shall be allowed by such Owmer or Owners (unless an Agreement shall be made to the contrary between such Owner or Owners and Tenant or Tenants) in such Manner as the Taxes paid by the Tenants are by this Act directed to be deducted and allowed; and if any Dispute shall arise between any such Occupiers and the said Commissioners, touching the Amount of the Expenses which shall have necessarily incurred in raising or repairing such Banks, such Dispute shall be finally determined and settled in such Manner as Disputes with relation to Lands being or not being deemed Highlands, are by this Act directed to be determined.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the second Outring Ditch District, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time cause the Outring Ditch, on the Side n«ttomr. col of the said Lands belonging to James Collier Esquire, and now or late in the Possession of Robert te^anfe/l° Glenton and Owen Grey, to be scoured and cleansed as often as shall be necessary, and the Soil which shall be taken out of such Drain, hall be laid upon the said Lands, to be used by the Owner or Owners thereof in supporting and repairing the Banks on such Lands, abutting against the said second District.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Waters How Waters draining from the Lands in the said first District shall be discharged into the River Nene, and not are to J51'?1"?'* otherwise; and the Waters draining from the Lands in the said second District shall be discharged into "n 1

the said sixteen Foot Drain, and not otherwise; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the No Trees to be first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Trees or Holts shall be planted nearer ^p^of any to any Mill which shall be erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act than twenty Poles, being the ill.

Pole of eighteen Feet; and if any Person or Persons shall plant any Tree or Holt within the Space aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of one Shilling for every Tree and five Pounds for every Holt so planted; and such Trees and Holts shall and may be taken up and carried away, by such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the respective District wherein or in relation where to such Offence shall be committed; and it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cut down any Trees or Holts, which shall be growing within the Distance of twenty Poles from any Mill erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, at the Time such Mill shall be so erected or first used, making such Satisfaction to the Owner of such Trees or Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; or in case of Difference, as shall be ascertained by the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter session which shall be held for the said isle of Ely within six Months after the cutting down such Trees or Holts: And such Penalties shall be recovered and and applied in such Manner as the Penalties for making watering places in Mill Drains are herein before directed to be recovered and applied.

U a

Dra: ns not to be made thro' Mr. brown's Lands.

Penalty on neglecting to ckanfe Dikes,

c.

Notice of Meetings for the second Distridh

C 36. Anno triced mo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall net extend to empower the Commissioners for the said fourth District to make a Drain through the Lands now belonging to Charles Broivn, and in the Occupation of Nicholas Eldridge, in any other Manner than by one End and one Side of such Lands; that is to say, To begin at the Corner between James Boyce and the aforesaid Charles Brown s Lands, and soon between the Lands of Miss

Hakes and the said Charles Brown to the River Nene; or to begin at the aforesaid Corner, and soon by the Common Drove to the Plant ivater Bank, and from thence by the Lands of the said Charles Brown to the said River Nene; and that such Drains shall be made only at one End and one Side of the said Lands of the aforesaid Charles Brown, saving such Drains as take the Waters off the Lands of the said Charles Brown only.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands lying within the said districts, to which any drove way Dike, Outring Dike or Division Dike doth or shall belong, shall neglect or refuie sufficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open or repair any such Dike, or to make the same of a sufficient Depth, and of the Width of nine Feet at the lead, after fourteen Days Notice in Writing given

to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their Place of Abode from Lime to Time for that Purpose, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers for the respective district wherein such Lands lie (such colle<5lors or Receivers having an Order in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for such respective Districts); every such Owner or Occupier shall for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay the Sum of twelve Pence for every Rod of the Dike so neglected to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, depthened and widened; and it shall be lawful from Time to Time for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dikes at the Charge and Expense of such Owners or Occupiers, to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired and depthened in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid at the lead; and where a Way shall have been made

over any Dike without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Ways to be taken up, and such Dike

to be made of a proper Width and Depth; and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for the respective districts to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expenses upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her

or their Goods and Chattels, and such Penalties shall be applied to the Use of the District wherein such

Lands shall be situate.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Notices which shall be given of the Meetings of the Commissioners for the said second distri£l shall be affixed upon

Upzvcll and March Bridges.

Saving nf Rights L Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this al, tion of1^bedford or anx ^ing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said Lcvck e 1 1 Commissioners, or any of them, to have, use or exercise, any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Bunks, Sewers, Drains or Works already made, or hereafter to be made,

by the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue of an act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

Ca:. 2. C 17. King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the

Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, or to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators; that all Rights, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now

are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs

and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be, in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been

made.

Refrmrion rf

LI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid,

R, Ar' That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to

n' I; lessen, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers and Authorities, vested

rr' /'__________ 1 a oi. *- v/__

Load, in the said County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Old Bedford Sluice, in the said County of Norfolk, to the River Nene, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the said County of Huntingdon J But that all Rights, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, now are vested in the said Commissioners thereby appointed, or any of them, shall forever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said commissioners, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never ten made.

A.D. 1757. Anno tiicelimo Georgii II. c. 37. 149

LII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action, Suit or Information shall be com Limitation of menced. or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in Pur Aftlons* fuanee of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact be committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the said Isle of Ely, or in the County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere: the De General Issue, fendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue; and, if in Replevin, may justify and avow by Virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of of of Sewers are enabled to do; and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the Fact alleged to have been done, was done in Pursuance and by Authority ol this Act

And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or avow ants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, upon a Demurrer, or otherwise, then in any the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants shall recover treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy, as where Colts by Law are Treble Ccfb,

awarded.

llii. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act; and all Publick. A,

Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions.,

Powers and Directions in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS by certain Acts of this present Session of Parliament, several Provisions, Powers and Authorities therein contained, have been or may be required, directed or authorised to be executed on or before the Day of the passing of such Acts respectively, whereby several Doubts and Difficulties may arise with respect to the Execution of the said Acts, and the good Purposes thereby intended may be defeated Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case anywhere any Pro act of Parliament hath passed, or doth or shall pass, at any Time whatsoever during this pre vlfions» Powers, sent Session of Parliament, whereby any Provision, Power or Authority, or any Matter or Thing to bckkcut^fb^ hath been, is or shall be directed, required or authorised to be executed, done or performed, on any Ca of this or before any Day which hath been, is or shall be the Day of the passing, or which hath, is Session, before or shall have elapsed, before the passing of any such Act respectively; in each and every such the Day, con Case, all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things, as have been, are or Hi all such Albe

directed or required to be executed, done or performed, on or before the Days respectively have limited in every such Act, shall be and are hereby directed and required to be executed, done and same may be

performed, on or before the fourteenth Day after the Day of passing this Act, by the Persons executed on or

respectively, who in every such Act respectively have been, are or shall be directed or required before the 14th to execute, do or perform the same, on or before the Days therein limited; and all such Provi ay af*.cr fions, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things, as have been, are or shall be authorised to be t 1s'4 5 executed, done or performed, on or before the respective Days limited in every such Act respectively, may be and are hereby authorised to be executed, done and performed, on or before the said fourteenth Day after the Day of passing of this Act, by the Persons respectively who have been, are or shall be authorised to execute, door perform the same; and all such Provisions, Powers, and the Matter Authorities, Matters and Things so executed, done and performed, on or before the said four done declared teenth Day after the Day of passing this Act, shall be as valid and effectual, and be deemed and to fcc va ld taken, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been executed, done and performed, on or before the Days limited in every such Act respectively 5 anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A R

5° C 38 — 46

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for amending widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of

Tenbury in the Counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford. P R.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through and from the Town of Frame in the County of Somerset; and for giving further Powers to the Trustees in an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from the Town of war minster in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

PR.

CAP. XL

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by two acts of Parliament, one passed in the third, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston toll gate at bridge town in the Parish of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick, through alaer?ninfler and Shipston upon Stotver, to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the Paid County of Warwick; and also for repairing the Road leading from the first mile ttone handing on the said ship/lon Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through mickle tonne and Chipping Camp den, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the bottom of Shaw Hill in the Parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddeflon and West Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Comb in the Parish of Cajllecombe in the County of Wilts. P R.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for the ascertaining and collecting the poor's Rates; and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex. P R.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for amending widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Hitchin in in the County of Hertford, through the Town of Shejford and Carrington Cotton End, to a Lane opposite a Farm House called Saint Leonards, leading into the Turnpike Road from St. Alban's to the Town of Bedford; and also the Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into hen low Field to Gcrford Bridge; and also the Road from the Town of Henlow, over Henlow Bridge, to Arlefey in the County of Bedford P R.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge in the Town of Loughborough, to ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester.

PR.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford in the County of Hertford, through Watton to Broadwater; and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Towns of Walkern in the said County. P R.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham in the County of Wilts, to Bath easton Bridge in the County of Somerset.

PR.

CAP. XLVII.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 47 — 54. 151

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for making the River Blithe navigable from Halesworth Bridge in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of Southivould. P R.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through silverston and Brackley in the the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate in the Parish of Weston on the Green in the County of Oxford. P R.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Markfeld Turnpike in the County of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Charnuiood Forest, through the Town of Whit wick \ and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough, to the Town of Afioby de la Touch in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate. P R.

CAP. L

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Village of Milford in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunkton Hill, and from pet worth, to Stopha'm Bridge in the County of Sussex. P R.

CAP. LI.

An Act for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the White Post, on Alconbury^ Hill and Wansford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, and between atorman Cross Hill in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, with respect to the Elections of newtrustees, the Power of compelling Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts, to deliver up such Books and Papers relating thereto as are in their Custody, and also to the Manner of summoning and holding the Meetings of the Trustees. P R.

CAP. LII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highroad leading from the North End of the Cow Cawfey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford; and from thence to Button Burn in the County of Northumberland, and for making the same more effectual. P R

CAP. LIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton, to Basingstoke in the County of Southampton. P R.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by two several Acts, passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called The Red House near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield by Dewsbury, Plightown and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York \ and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland in thetownship of Henfal; and from Pontefratt to Wentbridge in the Township of Barrington in the West Riding of the County of York.

PR.

CAP. LV.

£52 C 55 — 6r.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

CAP. LV.

An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ribhle, between the townships of Preston and Pen wortham, near a Place called the Fish House in the County Palatine of Lancaster. P R.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Shire Hall of the County of Warwick. P R.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act; and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; \; to repair several other Roads leading into the said City; and for building a Bridge cross the River of Inchinnan. P R.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term, and amending and altering several Powers granted by an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing and improving the Haven of Southwould in the County of Suffolk.

PR.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremfs Ferry; and for making, repairing and widening Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snaresbrook in the County of Essex, and at Clapton in the County of Middlesex. P R.

CAP. LX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford to andrew's Cross, and to Alford Bars in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint mary's Gate in Arundel in the County of Sussex. P R.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot in the County of Sur

reyi to Hertfor Abridge Hill in the County of Southampton. P R.

CAP. LXII.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

m3

C 62 — 69.

CAP. LXII.

An act for making the River Ivel, and the Branches thereof navigable, from the River Ouzc at Tempsford in the County of Bedford, to Shotting Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill in the Parish of Hit chin in the County of Hertford; and to Black Horse Mill in the Parish of Bygrave in the said County of Hertford > and to the South and North Bridges in the Town of Shejford in the said County of Bedford.

PR.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford in the Parish of Ealing in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry. P R.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament of the first and seventeenth Years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Warwick and Gloucester. P R.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for cleansing, Paving and Lightning the Streets of the City of Bath and Liberties thereof; and for regulating Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in trre nighttime, in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses and other Buildings within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses and other Buildings, by proper Pipes, down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pass by the Borough Walls of the said City during the Night Season. P R.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, For re

fairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Pool Gate in the Town and County of Pool.

P R.

CAP. lxvir.

An act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an al passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City j and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned. P R.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littfeworth, and by Frognall, and over fames Deeping Stone Bridge in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang in the County of Northampton, adjoining the Highroad there. P R.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mould, to Northopp, holy well and Rhuddlan in the same County; and from thence to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mould. P R.

Anno tricesimo primo GEORGII II. Regis.

\ T the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the thirty first Day of May, Anno Dorn, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King,

Defender of the Faith, izfc. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, being the fifth Session of this present Parliament.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

154. C 1.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing certain Laws made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch, and for prohibiting the making of Low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the Transportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Flour to the jjle cf Man, for the life of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act made in the same Session, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Ships; and to authorise his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the Sustenation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty's Allies acting in Support of the Common Cause; and to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the Paid Commodities to be made during the Continuance of this Act.

[Preamble.]

2 as of 30 Geo. 2. c. 1.

continue! to 24 Dec. 1753. Conn may be exported from Sotnhao pton an! Exeter, to the Ills of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there,

the Exporter giving Security.

Quantity expect ei nor to exceed 2, og Quarters

1 j the Whole.

Act of to Geo.

V

2 c -. continued to 24 Dec. 1758;

dor rp which Time, Com and Flour rri ay be imported intogreat Uritain or Ireland diy free, lium foreign States in Amity veitia the King.

In rafe of exi f ncy, the King nny permit Corn, to tc

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned are near expiring, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch; and also an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low ivines and Spirits from jvhcat, Barley, Malt or any aether Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour; shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof respectively, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ftfty eight.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch, or anything therein contained, hall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal or Flour, to be transported out of or from the Ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the Ife of Man, for the only Use of the inhabitants of that Bland, so as the Exporter, before the Lading of such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal or Flour, or laying the same on Board, do become bound with other sufficient Security (which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said Ports respectively, hath hereby Power to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use, and for which Security no See or Reward shall be given or taken) that such Wheat, Bailey, Oats, Meal or Flour, shall be landed in the said Ife of Man (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, 'and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever, and to return the like Certificates of the Landing the same there, as are by the said Act required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the time for that Purpose therein mentioned, and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal or Flour, which at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of December, shall be hipped at both the said Ports for the said Ife of Man as aforesaid, shall not exceed in the Whole, two thousand five hundred Quarters; one Moiety whereof to be exported at the said Port of Southampton, and the other Moiety thereof to be exported at the said Port of Exeter; anything in the said Act, or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a U mitedtime, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn., Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit and Flour as have been or fall be taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, is expired, and it is northeast cefl ary that the same should be revived and continued; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in Force, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, during the Continuance of the said Act, and under the Regulations therein mentioned, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import and bring into this Kingdom, in any Siiip or Vessel belonging to Great Britain, or to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from any Part or Place whatsoever, Corn and Flour duty free; and that it shall be lawful at any Time or Times before the said twenty fourth Day of December, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import and bring into the Kingdom of Ireland, in an Ship or vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or successor«, Corn and Flour from any Port or Place whatsoever; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it may become necessary, in case of Exigency, to export certain Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid, for the Supply and Sustenation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty's Allies, acting in Support of the Common Cause Be it provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in calc of such Exigency, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, from

time

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2 — 5. 155

time to time, to order and permit to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, for the only Use, Supply, and Sustenation of the said Forces, such Quantities of the aforesaid Commodities as shall be necessary for that Purpose, and in such Manner, as his Majesty shall think fit to direct; anything in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That, during the Continuance of this Act, the Bounty or Bounties granted by any Law upon the Exportation of any of the Commodities before mentioned, shall not be allowed or paid to any Person upon the Exportation thereof out of this Kingdom to any Place whatsoever, or by whatsoever Authority the same may be exported; anything in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

And see 32 Geo. 2. c. 3. which takes off

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

exforted fjr the Supply of Fotcc« in his Pay, or those of his Allies.

No Bounty lo be paid on Corn,

c. exported.

Farther continued by 32 Geo. C 2. the Prohibition.

XIII. AND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Allowances for Ji\. Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, there shall be allowed to Malfters and Exportation of Makers of Malt for Exportation, for every twenty Quarters of Barley, or other Corn or Grain that shall ivla!r' be entered and made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where by Law any Bounty is allowable on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of thirty Quarters, after the same shall be dried and made into Adah, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting or watering the same, the said twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said thirty Quarters, according to an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King iviliiam and Queen Mary, intituled An /ldlfor encouraging the Exportation of Corn; and foin Proportion for a greater or less xv^iz> Quantity.

CAP. III.

An Act for allowing the Importation of such Fine Italian Organzine Silk into this Kingdom from any Port or Place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the Day therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Preamble, reci Fine Organzined italiansilk; it was (among other Things) enacted, that it mould and tingclause in might be lawful for any Person or Persons to import or bring into this Kingdom from any Port or Place, or Ge, z'

in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, until the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty Cylr former Pro.

seven, Organzined Thrown Silk of the growthorproduftion of Italy; and that all such Organzined Thrown v\fi0, s concerning Silk as was allowed to be imported by the said Act, wheresoever landed, should be brought to his Majesty's Silk refer to custom house at London to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk might be imported than that 19 H. 7*

allowed by the said Act: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, large Quantities of such Silk were 1 7j£' c 25*

bought and sent over Land through Germany, and in all Probability would have arrived at London some3 4 Time before the Expiration of the said Act, if the Carriage thereof by Land had not been protracted by m.jiat. 1. /9.

Rains and Inundations in Italy; and if the said Silk, when shipped, had not been detained in Port by 23 Geo. 2. c. 94 Storms and contrary Winds, so that the said Silk could not poftibly arrive before the Time limited by the &2°*

said Act: And whereas the greatest Part of the said Silk is, since that Time, arrived in the River of Thames: And whereas, if the same is not admitted to be entered, the Persons, whose Property the said Silk is, will be great sufferers be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ard by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and and for any person or Persons to import and bring into this Kingdom from any Port or Place, and in any Ship or Vessel fneitalian or whatsoever, all such Fine Organzine Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Italy, and of the Qua ganzine Silk, as lity described by the said Act, as shall appear by the several Bills of Lading, and the Oaths of the respective was shipped on Captains, to have been shipped on or before the thirtieth Day of November one thousand seven hundred r before 30 and fifty seven, under, and subject to, such Penalties and Forfeitures as are in the said Act mentioned; any ^vt'he7re'bathing in the said recited Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Sec farther X ions in, he rc 3 Geo. 3. c. 21. which explains and amends the 19 H, 7. C 21. cited Act,

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be a fie field upon Somerset House in the Strand.

CAP. V.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

A.D. 1757.

156 C 6.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

[Preamble.]

Ar: cr 25 March 1758) during the Continuance of thi acv, e.eiv Marine oeccr and pruateman, on Shore,

who shall mutt ny, or desert, cor

lit in any o her Regiment, t. c.

or shall be found lb rping on, or shall defeit his Port,

or hold illegal Correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or lull flrilcc, or disobey his superior Officer; flnllfuft crdcath, or such punishment as a court n art al shall in

fl a.

The Lord High Admiral, or Conbm fli mers sir executing that olecc, may [.rant a com m Tton to hold c.enera! courts n art al, tic.

CI LI I'oarliil

ni v irfi T c'or p< ral hutffh ment for in.mo r lric', dec.

Lor jt, &c. of the Admiralty im poa eted tomato Aim.iis for 1 'u r 1 " men' ( Mutiny a, i i Otf r tion, 'C

an I to nfti utc C C 111: n.ariial.

Nu" " I e a 1 j r 1 1 or Life or

1 imb, 1 r. lor < iimc cr, ttfj.! to r o pitiifhable by this aitl.

f.cnural urt ir. it 1 if*' to roi.ffiot bfs than tj, Ji.a

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain, That a Body of Marine Forces should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And whereas the said Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Govern merit of his Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exadd Discipline be observed; that Marines who hall mutiny, or stir up Sedition, or hall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, if any Pei soil being entered, or in Pay, as an Officer of Marines, 'or who is or shall be lifted, or in Pay, as a Private Man in any Company of Marines in his Majesty's Service, and on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight hall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Act shall be voluntarily entered, and in Pay, as a Marine Officer or Private Man in his a'la jesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, on Shore, in any Place within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, hall begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition, in the Company to which he doth or hall belong, 01 in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces in his Majesty's Service, or final! not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, hall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall desert his Majesty's Service; or being actually entered 3s a Marine in any Company, hall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment in his Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer command in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine; or shall be found flecping upon his Pott, or hall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being; or shall strike, or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful, Command of his superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending, in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore in any Part of this Kingdom, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, hall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may, from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the fair! Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, to grant acommission under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Marines in his Majesty's Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General court-martial at any Place or Places on Shore in this Realm, or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas; in every of which courts manial all or any of the Offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the Offences herein after specified, fill al 1 be tried and proceeded against in such Manner as by this Act is directed.

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such court-martial respectively, by their Sentence or Judgement, to inflidd Co poral Punishment, notextending to Life or Limb, on any Maiinc, for Immorality, Misbehaviour or Negledd of Duty, on Shore, in any Place or Places within this Realm, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, during the Continuance of this Act'.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing under his or their respective Plane! or Hands, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour and Negledd of Duty, in any of his Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore in any Part of this Realm, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, and for bringing Offender against the same to Justice; to credd and constitute court-martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Climes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflidd Punishments by Sentence or Judgement for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punifimicnt extending to Life or Limb, by the said Rules and Articles, within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, except for such Crime or Ciirncs as is or are exprefi ed to be so punishable by this Act.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General court-martial, which ball have

Power to sit by virtue of this Act, sill nil eonfift of a id's Number than thirteen, whereof none to be under, the

C 6.

157

the Degree of a Commission Officer of Marines; and the President of such court-martial shall not be un the President to der the Degree of a Field Officer of Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot be had; in which Case, J., e a Flcld 9/" the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, shall next inseniorhy preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby not under the required, to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Degree of a Offences that shall come before them. V Captain.

VII. Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General court-martial, to be held by virtue ^qatltwwtt of this Atft, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the fol to 1

lowing Oaths upon the holy Evangelists, before the Court, and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are officerstobe hereby authorised to auminifler the same) in these Words; that is to say, sworn

shall well and truly try and determine, according to the Evidence which shall be given in the The Oath. Matter now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and the Prisoner to be

tried

So help yon God.

T A. A. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice according to an at of Parliament now in Force The Oath, ' JL for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; and according to the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said af of Parliament, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Delation,

and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Aftedtion; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the Arid Rules and Articles)

according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases. e And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Ad ' miral of Great Britain, neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law

So help me godi

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the The Judge Ad court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or to the Person officiating as v0c3te to bs such, an Oath in the following Words: fwora.

T 15. do swear. That I will not, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the The Oath,

XVote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law

So help me God.

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than thirteen, then the Judgement shall pass by the Concurrence of two Thirds of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Morning, and three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VIII. Provided always, That the Party tried by any General court-martial to be held as aforesaid shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such court-martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same) at any Time not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or not; anything in this atto the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General court martial* to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the Original Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial, to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; which Original Proceedings and Sentence shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled, That no Marine, cither Officer or Private Man, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, at any such court-martial, as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Private Man shall desert his Majesty's Service in any of his Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and shall escape and come into this Realm or Ireland, before he be tried by a court-martial fox such Offence, and shall be apprehended for the same; such Officer or Private Man shall be tiied for the same, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XII. Provided always, that nothing in in this Acff: contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Marine, either Officer cr Private Man, whatsoever, while on Shore, from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of I

XIII. Provided also, and be it any Capital Crimes, Violence

aw

or

court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashienng.

rt'ner enacted, That no P. 1 son ot Persons being acquitted or convicted of Offences, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a

XIV. pro/ided

In Sentences of Death nine Officers to concur, c.

Hours of Trial.

The Party tried, entitled to a co a py of the Sentence and Proceedings of the court-martial.

Original Proceedings, tec. cf court-martial to be tianf mitted to Secretary of the Admiralty, c.

None to be tried.' a second Time for the same Offence.

Sentence rot to be revised ir.oie than once. Deserters beyond! s a, f; C p'vy bt tried here or in iiel ind.

This Act not t > exempt any on Shore from ordinary prc.eels. Persons acquitted; by the Civil Magistrate, may only be ca/liieredi by a couit martial*.

*58

Person? acc.ifed cf Capita! Crimes, &c. to be delivered over to t he Civil ma gistrate, <£: C

Fictitious Names allowed ry his Majesty's Order upon the muster rolls, for the Maintenance of Officers Widows, not to be construed a false Muller.

Paymaster to pay the full Pay of such Men to the Receiver.

Constables, c. to quarter Officers and Men in Inns, alc houses. &c.

But in no D; fti! lc s Houses, er Shtpkeeper', or in any private Idcufcs.

Penalty on offi t» rs qua't r ng Private Men «ontrary to this Act, &c.

Persons aggrieved by being qiiailered on, jn. y comp am to any Jolliers, and be rcl.cvcd.

C 6. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Marine Officer, Tonne commission* Officer, or Private Man, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Off: circle against the Person, Estate or Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the know n Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company, or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their iitmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person, to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assist irg to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so 'offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the satis committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered; shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civi' or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the faij County, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

XV. And whereas his Majesty hath been grnciouffy pleased, in Compassion to the distressed Condition of several Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made underlie Royal Sign Manual, to direct his Commissary General of the Musters, to allow upon the muster rolls of all the Regiments, Troops and Companies, anum ber of fictitious Names therein mentioned, instead of Private Men, in order to raise and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are or shall be i: i titled to his Royal Bounty; Therefore, for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious Intentions, with respect to the allowing of fidti tious Names upon the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, for the Purposes aforesaid; it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this Act, to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the said commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for the time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fidtirious Private Men as shall be allowed on the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, to the proper Receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to such Orders and Instructions as his Majesty shall be pleased to make under his Sign Manual, for the Purpose aforesaid; that no Allowance of any such fictitious Name upon any muster roll of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false Muster; thing in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas here is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of the said Marine Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, in pursuance of an Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the h?tid of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of three or more of the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and oilier Places, within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Defaulc or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Civil Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men, in his Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, victualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses other than and except the House or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places of distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes, than in Brandy and Strong Waters, (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses) and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever, without the Consent of the Occupier; nor shall any more Bilicts at any Time be ordered, than there are effective Marines present to be quartered; and if any Constable, Tythinginan, or suchlike Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Private Man in any such private House, without the Consent of the Occupier; in such Case, such Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any Marine Officer shall take upon him to quarter Private Men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or conipul fion to any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, such Marine Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convidicd before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly <1 ifabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Copviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in calc any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingmnn, or Headborough, Chief Officer, or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace) has quartered or billeted in his House a greater Number of Marines than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Marines are quartered; or in case inch Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Justice or Justices reflectively shall have, and is or are hereby

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 6.

is

son from quartering.

hereby declared to have, Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons, as they shall see Cause; such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and Private Men so officers and ma quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furniched with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners rines to betur of the Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, victualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, nithed at the to be drank ia their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houses in which they are allowed

to be quartered and billeted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same thfe several Rates herein after p10ns lr r w mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer.

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any inn holder or other Person on whom any non commission Of What jnnhold ficers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this al (except on a March, or employed in recruiters may allow ing; and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of seven Days at moll, for such Non Men quartered commission Officers and Private Men who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised) shall be desirous to

furnish such non commission Officers or Private Men with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per Diem. gratis, and allow to such non commission Officers or Private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then, and in such Case, the non commission Officers and Private Men so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of such non commission Officers and Private Men, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer, to the non commission Officers and Private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such non commission Officers and Private Men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Marine Officer shall Penalty on ta. rake, or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for excusing the quar kins m<'nrj'10 tering of Officers or Private Men, or any of them, in any House allowed by this at every such Officer cxcilfe <'ny, >tr* shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military Employment whatsoever.

XX. And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service for the Commanding Officer (o have a Power to exchange the Billets or Quarters of Marines quartered in the same Town or Place Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Officer of Marines in any Town or Place where Commanding such Marine Forces are quartered, shall, and he is hereby declared to have Power, from time to time, to ex Officer may exchange any Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place, for any other Marine or Marines quar flange Marines tered in the same Town or Place; provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that Time |"rstheir ar billeted on such Houses respectively, where such Men shall be exchanged; and the Constables, Tything constables to men, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or billet the same other Places, where any of the said Marine Forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men accordingly, so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of No Paymaster, March out toufand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Paymaster or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall c. to make receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or Pri Deductions out vate Man, in his Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said eer twenty-fifth Day of March out thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, other than the usual Deductions for p e "et Clothing, and twelve Pence in the Pound to be disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit; and the one day's Exceptions.

Pay in the Year for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

XXII. And that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and Private Men, while on Shore, as Officers to give

aforesaid, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's Duties Notice to ir.n of Excise better answered, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty k t peis of sub fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, every Officer or other Person, to whom it Hands

belongs to receive, or that shall a£lua!y receive, the Pay or subsistence money, for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Marine Forces or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of

every particular Sum which shall, from time to time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subsistence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Private Men are quartered by virtue of this at; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at such Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay Gr subsistence money to such Officers or Private Men, which shall be within four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same, as aforesaid; the said Innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Dchss (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and Private Men so quartered in their respsclive Houses; Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Sub p2tes of Sub

tret: 03

to Inn

sistence be distributed either to the Officers or Private Men: Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for one Marine Commission Officer under the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem. paid

one Shilli 1 -

Stiaw, rr.

if any Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, shall not give Notice, as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon ffi ers rot gi producing such Account dated, satisfy, content and pay the same; upon Complaint and Oaih made hereof, V r.g Motice of by any two Witnesses, at the next Quarter sessions for the County or City wherein such Quarters were V ififrcc «o (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) effi ', £-; "u svvljj2

ing; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horses, for each such Ilorfe or Korfes, for their Hay and k«per>, &c. .'or cr Diem, six Pence; nor for one Private man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, fourpence: And V aune vlv*

IV

- VI r

io

Pa'vrraflsr lo it is!; them out of ti Com pane's next Pay,

an Orierr to fce cnfticred.

On moving from Q i irten, the oir.ctr to ir.ake up ac cci ind give cotif.caits lor money due, c, Paymaster to pay the Sum cert fied for. U'fikers, c. to be quartered in Sco lan j as the Laws in Force at these Union direct.

Justices to order Constables to provide Carriages for the Marine Forces on their March.

R; tes for Carriage.

Penalty en ol fius Ion. ng

Jaur

i.tj, toc.

C 6. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Faymrfter or Per soil for the time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces is hereby required and authorised (upon Certificate or the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Marine Officer or Officers; upon Penalty that such Pay matter or Person shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster or otherwise, and be difehai ged from holding the fi.mc for the future: And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Person for the time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby authorised and required to deduct the Sums he hall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers hall belong; and such Officer or Officers hall, for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the p^eceipt of such Pay or subsistence money, as afore fifij, he deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso facto cashiered.

XXIII. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any Marine Officer or Private Man hall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or private Man, or such Officer or Private Man hall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this at directs; in every such Cafi it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Company final! remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts, as this Act direffs, with every Person with whom such Company shall have quartered, and signa Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate, so by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Company to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper Paymaster of the Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the end the same may be applied to such Company, under Pain as is before in this at directed for Nonpayment of Quarters.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Private Men of his Majesty's Marine Forces in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as Officers and Private Men of the Land Forces might have been quartered in by the Laws in Force in Scotland rt the Time of the Union; and that the Post eflors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Marine Officers and Private Men quartered there, as by the said Laws in Force at the Time of the Union was provided with respect to the Officers and Private Men of the Land Forces; and that no such Marine Officer filial) be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular provi fion of Carriages for his Majesty's Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in England, teales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such Justices by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Compani s of Marines so ordered to march, issue out hisor their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Precinbl, from, through, near, or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said "Warrant, allowing them fufneient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division or Precinct; then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or hewn to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned, of the High Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wagon with five Borfe, sir travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses fimll travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin Proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall otder and appoint inch Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, arcoidii g to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, flail force and conftrnin any Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, to travel more than one day's Journey, or lb..! not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home, or shall lustre any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman, to ride in the Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid, or sum force any Constable or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle hor f s fr tlihiifeh es or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners by themselves, Servants, or Private Men; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the f me to the proper Paymaster of his Majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay th' af>r f i 1 Sun of five Pounds accordingly to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace, and is also hereby empowered lo deduct the lame out of such officer's Pay.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 6. 161

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Constable shall Penalty oncon_ wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, as shall stamcs.'&c. he be directed unto such Constable or Petty Constable for providing Carriages as aforesaid; if any Person §lc^ or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse orneglecl to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any act or Thing, whereby the Execution of any such Warrant or Warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XXVII. And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this Act appointed to be paid to the Constable 1 by the Officers demanding such Carriages, may not, in many Cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expense of providing the same, whereby the said Constables may be frequently at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burden of the Township of which they are respectively Constables, or else the Persons furnishing such Carriages may be grievously oppressed To prevent which, and that such Overplus Charge may be born by each County or Riding at the general Charge of such County or Riding, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or t'e3(urr, s of Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, over and abie'se^raor above what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring such Carriages, out of thepu dinary Charges, blick Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct and appoint, (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward) Regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Roads through which such Carriages are to travel.

XXVIII. And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned;

it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter sessions shall have Money for

Power, from time to time, to raise Moneys upon their respective Counties or Ridings in such Manner as they to b^rs^fed

now raise Moneys for building or repairing County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge 10w'r 1 of Carriages.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impress c

fed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above twenty hun 1vhun dred°vc dred Weight 5 anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Weight.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces quartered or Carriages in marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furniftier of such Car Scotland how ts riages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in Force in Scotland at the Time of Union, with regard to be provided, the furnishing Carriages for Land Forces.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Marines wive?. Act authorised to quarter Marines in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall at any Time, duc noc to ring the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer

or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer "u on en" of the Marines, shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commissioners for executing the Of enati* fice of Lord High Admiral, or Judge Advocate, be ipso faflo cashierqd; and if a Constable, Tythingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XXXII. And for the better Preservation of the Game, in or near such Place where any Officers or Sol Penalty on of diers shall at any Time be quartered; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the fibres or ma said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, any Officer or Marine shall, r'neja^roying without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill or de 11c Gnme' stroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fish, or his Majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath

of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) every Officer lb offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where the Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in Manner aforesaid: if, upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXIII. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert, and be found conoablrs may wandering, or cthci wise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service; 'It is hereby further en apprehend dc acted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Tfeadborough or Tythingman, of the Town ferrers, and carer Place where any Person, who may be reasonably fufipefted to be such a Deserter, shall be found, to appre rytbtloro Vol. VIII Y'hend, a ^ce'

i6

C. 6. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Jutltc* to commit them.

fidence of feiters.

De

Reward fi r taking up Deserters.

Penalty on persons concealing De.vrter', or buying their Arms, Clothes, c.

hend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected Person is a ma line duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs; such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be appre and transmit an hended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or jvejl ^wtj rvof the m'lrfter > or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the admwjuv. 'e l'me being, to the end such Person may be proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of such Gaol kce eno Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of every such Deserter, during the receive tie Sub Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter; but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward, on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such deserters; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue his "Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who hall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be finished by such Collector or Collectors, to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or afllft any Deserter from his Majesty's Marine Service, knowing him to be such Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive, any Aims, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, froin any Marine, or Marine Deserter, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; every such Person so offending, in each, any, or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended; and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did or doth belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters; or having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King; or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattles, whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction; then, and in such Case, such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XXXVI. Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the Punishment of such who shall harbour, conceal or assist Deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwise receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all Ends and Purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in Execution in that Kingdom, by all Justices of the Peace, and other Officers respectively, according to the Tenor and during the Continuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and everything herein contained, shall be and continue in Force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

XXXVIII. And to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that maybe made upon Marines, whereby his Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is entered or shall enter himself as a

liatli to Wrctfs, Volunteer in his Majesty's Service, as a Marine, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be liable to be unh i^jl, rne taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or kxecution whatsoever, other than for some criminal irimm. at matter unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action; unless, before the taking out of such r, r !nlrf« for a Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other real Debt of the Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, hall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Value of 10l. Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some. Per ouh of ihc son authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum, justly due ivitt' be rrade anj owing to tj1c Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at lead, over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action on which the same shall be grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back cf such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall

3 jicver

This Act to extend to Deserters, c. in Ireland.

Continuance this Act.

of

No Volunteer

t ef ire a judge, and a Memorandum thereof mark'd on the Hack of 1 he Process,

C 6.

163

nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or otherwise prifo their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Marine so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without pay ner to be tilting any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Marine, so arrested, was legally ch, red wlltl entered as a Marine in his Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to Cori, award to the Party so complaining, such Colts as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable: For the Recovery whereof, he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said aion.

XXXIX. And to the end that honest Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered as Marines in his Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of Plaintiff giving the Cause of Action to such Person or Persons so entered, or left at his or their last Place of Residence be nolice> may f.le fore such Entering, to file a Common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon Account ofa Common ap any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and to Jfed to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so entered as afore judgement and laid; this Act, or anything herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Execution.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Constable, Be pcni]tvcn del or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or Colour of this Act, shall quarter or billet, or a.ib!es, y&c. northeast be employed in quartering or billeting, any Marine Officers or Private Men, shall pegledt or refuse, for the gled>ing roqusr space of two Hours, to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines when thereunto required in such Man - termaiincs. ner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall Penalty cn m receive, demand, contract or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on king Nknev to account of excusing, or in order to excuse, any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving ^xcuf"e ani, fr into his, her or their House or Houses any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Victualler, or any other r": ijrn r'uar* Person, liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Marine so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid; shall and on victual refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things herein before respectlets refuting to tively directed to be furnished or allowed to non commission Officers and Marines so quartered or billeted receive ir, r'cs* on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or wit nefl es (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) every such High Constable, Constable, Bedel or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings (as, the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their Discretion, think fit) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall he convicted or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some or one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XLI And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Marines in pursuance of this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for anyone or Toprcvent ab i more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or fes in quartering, Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times, during the Continu Just, rp !v ance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Bedel or other Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Marines in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said ccun7of the*c* justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and Private Men who shall be quartered, n umber of of or billeted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or fleers and Private Private Man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every lvien': inj VIIltre such Housekeeper dwells, and the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the end it may appear to <luarleied' the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Private Men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent cr punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after clauiv for Relief the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, when and as often as any Per of Persons ha son or Persons shall be enlisted as a Marine or Marines in his Majesty's Service, he and they shall, within fiilylifting four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such Enlisting respectively, he carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town,

Corporate (not being an Officer of Marines) and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect,

A.D. 1757.

within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said ju itice or Chief Magistrate; if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to cercify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted; setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the second and third Sections of the Articles of War for the better Government of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore in Great Britain or Ireland', were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the twelfth Section of the said Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified as duly in listed, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons, until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two witnesses, before a General court-martial to be thereupon lied, hall for such Offence be forthwith cashier cd, and di placed from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom or in his Majesty's Service.

Marine Forces

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's Marine Forces, as well Offi

Leing born as Cers as Private Men, hall, from time to time, during their being respectively born as Part of the comple pa. roi tiicccm mens of any Of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, be subject or liab.e, in like Manner, in all Respects, as any Ships"; 'vin, / Officers or Seamen employed in his Majesty's Sea Service are subject and liable to be governed and proceed a?e liab'e to be ed against, and punished, for Offences committed by them during the Time they shall be born as Part of governed by the the Compliment of such Ships or Vessels, according to the Purport, Tenor, Ffieft and true intent.and Rules eilai iished Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intitul -- V/Q — Geo. 2. ec jcr amendinsr, explaining and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Govern

went of his Majestys Ships, Vessels and Forces by Sea; this present Act, or anything herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be cffefjed upon Somerset House in the Strand; and for rectifying a Mistake in the said Act; and for allowing farther Time to the Receivers of certain Aids, for setting injuper for Moneys in Arrear.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent.

c camme, re < 'i.ig Clauses Art 11 & 12*W. 3. f. 5. C 4

2 Anna?, e. <7.

4

Geo. 1. c. 13.

9 Geo. 1. c. 30. 4

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour, several Rates and Duties were charged upon Coals, and upon Ships and Vessels, in order to raise a Sum, not exceeding thirty thousand one hundred Pounds, to be applied for repairing and perfecting the said Harbour of Doveiy under such Rates and directions, and with such Penalties and other provi itons for the levying and recovering the same, as are therein mentioned, inserted and contained; and which Rates, Duties and Provisions, were to take Place and commence from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred, and to continue and be in Force, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred ard nine; and by two subsequent Acts, one of them made in the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of them in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, were continued, and declared to be in Force, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the nintji Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent; and for refioring the If arbour of Rye in the County of Sussex to its ancient Goodness, after taking Notice of the sail former Acts relating to the Harbour of Dover, and that it was found that the said Sum of thirty thousand one hundred Pounds was not sufficient for the Purposes of the said former Acts; and that unless a further Sum was raised, the said Harbour could not be effectually repaired and secured, according to the Intent of the said former Acts; but that the useful Works then begun and carried on for the Benefit of the Public, would he wholly lost, and the said Harbour again fall to Decay, and the Town itself be in Danger of being utterly loft: and destroyed; and also reciting, that the ancient Harbour of Rye was formerly of great Use and Benefit to Trade and Navigation, but the same vas then choked up, and that it was necessary to open the same in such Manner as mould be found most proper and expedient to restorc the said Harbour; it was therefore enacted, That the said Acts reflectively made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and the second Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and every Clause, Matter or Thing in them, or either of them contained, and not altered by the said Act of the ninth Year of King George the P'irft, should continue, and he in full Force and Virtue, till the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, for the Purposes in that and the said former Acts mentioned; and that the Duty of threepence fer Tonne, granted by the said Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, upon all Ships and Vessels therein described, should, from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be collected and received,

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 9. 165

in such Manner, and by such Officers and Persons respectively, as in and by the fair! act of the elc venth and twelfth of Kins* William the 7'hird was directed and appointed; and should be appropriated,

divided and paid, for the Benefit of the said Harbour of Dover and Rye respectively, in Manner following;

that is to say, one third thereof to the Treasurer for Dover Harbour for the time being, to be applied to 1 such Uses and Purposes as in and by the said former acts are directed; and the other two thirds to the Treasurer for the Harbour of Rye, to be appointed as therein after is directed: And whereas by an act u Geo. a. C 7. 4 made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses,

Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures, Authorities, Articles, Rules and Directions therein contained and prescribed, and then in Force, Should continue and be in full Force, and executed, from and after the Expiration of the Term continued and granted by the said act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, for and during the further Term of twenty-one Years, which Term will expire the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred sixty five, old Style: And whereas the Commissioners or Trustees acting under the Authority of the former acts for the Harbour of Dover, did borrow upon the Credit of the same acts the Sum of three thousand Pounds, which hath been applied pursuant to the Directions and for the Purposes of the said former acts, and for the Repayment thereof with Interest, the Rates and Duties so granted were charged and made a Security to the Person and Persons who advanced and lent the said Sum, and the same doth still remain due, and owing, and unsatisfied;

And whereas great Progress hath been made in the Works intended for the Preservation and Improve ment of the Harbour of Dover, but the Works proposed and directed to be done for that Purpose have not been perfected and completed: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Preservation of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Protection and Encouragement of the Trade of this Kingdom, that the said Har bour of Dover should be effectually repaired, and put in good Order and Condition, but the Money arising by the Rates and Duties granted and appropriated by the said former act of the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, will not be sufficient for that Purpose, and for discharging the said Sum of three thousand Pounds borrowed upon the Credit of the former acts as aforesaid, unless the Terms for which the said Rates and Duties are granted by the said former acts be en larged, or some other Provision be made in that Behalf: 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of the Terms continued and granted by the said A Moiety of the act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and by the said act of the eleventh Year of Rates granted his present Majesty, one Moiety of the Rates and Duties granted and continued by the said former acts, ^shall be granted and continued for the Term of twenty-one Years, and shall be collected and received in y" a'"ue or21 such Manner, and by such Officers and Persons respectively, as was directed by the said act of King William the Third, with respect to the Duties thereby granted; and shall be applied for the Benefit and Sup application port of the Harbour of Dover, and for the discharging the said Sum of three thousand Pounds, and such thereof, other Money as shall hereafter be borrowed and taken up upon any Mortgage for Security to be made of the Duties applicable for the Benefit of the same Harbour; and that all the Provisions, Powers, Penalties and The Powers and Forfeitures contained in the said former acts of King William the Third, King George the First, and Regulations of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Harbour of Dover f excepting only what concerns the Rate condnued^nd'of the Duties to be collected, and the Division of them into two Parts, which is herein before otherwise extendf.d for the provided for) shall be and continue in as full Force as they now are, by virtue of the said acts, for and Purposes of this during the said Term of twen y one Years, to commence from the Expiration of the said former Terms Act. granted and continued by the said acts.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall he deemed, adjudged Public Act, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, and others, who have omitted to register their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes, and the filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

WHEREAS diverse Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Proses pre3mhtc, re fion$, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths, or the af citing ihe feve furance, respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed, in anj by an act made in therai qualifying first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the a&soi further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succejfon of the Crown in the Heirs of the 1 c0' c' T^'

late Princess Sophia, being Prot ef ants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing and regulating, 3 car. t.stat,

Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another act made in the twenty-fifth Year of z, C 1.

the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen car. 2- C

from Popish Recusants, by receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the Usage of the

Church of England, and making and subscribing the declarationtfgainst Transubstantiation therein mentioned; or according to another act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the se-13 car. 2,

cond, entitled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Pa

piss

C

Anno tricesimo orimo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

is Geo 2. C 20. ' pifis from sitting hi either House of Parliament; or according to another Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to an.end and render more etj eftual an Act passed in the fifth Tear ofi his picfie.nt Majesty's Reign, entitled, ' An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of 30 Geo. 2. c. 25. 44 the Peace; 'or according to another Act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties cf that Part of Great Bii tain called England; have, through ignorance of the Law, Absence or some unavoidable Accident, omit ted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid,

within such Time and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided is required, whereby they may be in Danger of incurring diverse Penalties and disabilitiesi or quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Sulijedts, and for preventing any Inconveniences that might ctnerwife happen by Means of such Omissions, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Further Time, Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every to i8ntov. 1-5s, Person and perfor.s, who dial], on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hun allo/.ed to Per firec| anc] fifty-eight, take and subscribe the said Oaths and assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by orptrd to cua the Oaths and Assurance ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and ltv iherrfcives, f*'ch Place and Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his ss ibt said Laws said late Majesty King George, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made and prodded. vided; and also receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England,

and made and subscribed the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed; or take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in such Cases wherein the said Oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred, for or by rea son of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or subscrib ing the said Declaration respectively, according to the above men personss colifi tioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts, is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition, as such Person or Persons were before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves, according to the abovementioned Acts, and every of them; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or ilrfons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity, as the same or any of them would hat e been, if such Person or Persons had taken the said Oaths or assurance, and received the Sacrament of the Lords Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, or taken and subscribed the said Oath respectively, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every of them; and that such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in Manner, and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as eftvdlua!, as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time, and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas diverse Persons through Mistake, Alifence or some unavoidable Accident, to the Pre iudice of Infants and others, have omitted to cause afhdax its to be made and filed in the proper Offices of the actual Execution of several Contracts in vvtritines, to serve as Clerks to Attormcs and Solicitois, within the Time limited and expressed by an Act passed in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, whereby many Persons maybe in Danger of incurring the Disabilities in the said Act mentioned Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who have omitted to cause such Affidavits to be made and filed as aforesaid, and who shall, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, cause one or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed in such Manner as directed by the said Act, shall lie, and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against ali Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities in the said Act mentioned, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission in causing such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed according to the Direction of the said Act; and such Affidavit or Affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall he as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the Time limited by the said Act.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or he construed to extend, to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or

of his Majesty's Courts of Record, slrea mployment, Benefice, Matter or Thing,

ing ihemiclvss in Manner and within the Time appointed, reca pacitateii and indsrnn.fied.

F irther Time a I o.\cd frr pro V dug and flraping Admit? o;, s into Civil Offitts.

o' 'cer? tlicie t>n n nut 3, 1 talrd, and irt drmnifiei.

Offices, cal

ready avoided o whatsoever, already atflually avoided by Judgement of any o;

Judgement of a. -'e tv

Cocu, and filled dy fuied up or enjoyed by any other Perwin; but luen Umce, Jit up, confirmed, so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to

P

erson or Persons who is or are now

[Proviso.]

the 1

entitled to the filin, as if this Act had never been made.

IV. Provided: 1 f'o, that this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or he construed to cvfcnd, to indemnify an.v Pci fen against whom final j"'brmpi r still!

Plaint or Inform; tion, in any of iiis Mait fly's C ceglcdted to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law

Igment shall have been given in anyadtion of Dt lit, juris of Record, lor any Penalty incurred by having

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 10, 167

CAP. X

In act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

13.9£? 10 IV 3. C 41. % Ann. C 6, & 5 Ann. C 19. 10 Ann, C 17. I Geo. 1. stat. z. C 25. 8 Geo. 1. c. 24. zo cco.z.c,

52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47. 28 Geo. 2. C 16. 29 Geo. 2. c. 34.

For former Laws concerning Seams, refer to z R. z. C 4,

5 El. C 5. 76? 8 fjp". 3. r. 21,

8 £3' 93.

38. 22 Geo. 2,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, will greatly tend to aug

ment the Marine Force of this Realm, whereon, under the good Providence and Protection of God, the Security of these Kingdoms, and the Support and Preservadon of their Trade and Commerce, do moult immediately depend: And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, of five hundred thousand Pounds, towards dif ag, 2. charging ivages due to Seamen 3 and for the corf ant, regular and punfiual Payment of Seamens (Pages for the fat. 2. C 9. future; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this present session of Parliament; and for disposing of the Surplus of the Money granted for Half Pay, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and 'twenty seven; and by another Act also made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for en t C 0 2 couroging Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; severed Provisions and Regulations were enacted and pro J feribed, for the Benefit and Encouragement of the Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in purchasing of their Wages or Pay; which Provisions and Regulations, from various Difficulties in carrying the same into Execution, have been found, in a great Measure, ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended: And whereas the establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of the Wages or Pay due to inferior Officers and Seamen employed in the pv.oyal Navy; the enabling such Officers and Seamen more easily and leadily to obtain such Payments, and to allot and remit any Part thereof for te Support and p.elicf of their Wives and Families; and the preventing, as far as may'C the 'Jnwaty, the Ignorant or the Neeeftkous, from being de'

'and injured by the Extortion and Uiury of wicked and evil def gning Persons, are of the utmost to the Public Service; Therefore, for dfeftuating these important and compassionate Purges, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the vfjun(fer Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority tsrr; ng hisr'n"^ if the same, That from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, if with a proper my Seaman or able-bodied Land man, shall freely and voluntarily come before and enter his Name with officer, my Commission Officer or Officers of the Fjeet, to be appointed for entering such Volunteers, in order to and receiving "erve in, or on Board any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then fitting out cate for Sea, or that shall be in Want of Men, and shall receive a Certificate of his so doing from such Com appearing itiiffion Officer or Officers (who is or are hereby directed and required to make out and give such Certifi within'a limit rates, without Fee or Reward, and duly to date the same) and if such Person shall forthwith proceed to ed Time on wards such Ship or Vessel, and shall make his personal Appearance on Board the same, within the Space of poard the SP fourteen Days from the Day of the Date of such Certificate, inclusive of the Day of the Date thereof, if j" !ie IS the Place where he so enters his Name he not above one hundred Miles distant from the Port where such is Pitied to Ship or Vessel lies; or within the Space of twenty Days, if it be at a greater Distance; or within the Space Wages f; om the )f thirty Days, if the place where he so enters his Name be above two hundred Miles distant; then, and in Date of his cer -uch Case, every such Person shall be, and is hereby declared to be, entitled to Wages from the Day of the t, fica|e; and Date cf such Certificate, inclusive of the Day of the Date thereof, and shall also be allowed the usual con dust Money, and shall be paid an Advance of two Months Wages at the first fitting out of such Ship or Advance of two Vessel, and before such Ship or Vessel in which he shall serve shall proceed to Sea. Months Wages.

II. And, for remedying the many Inconveniences, Mistakes and Hardships, which arise from bearing Men born on any Seamen or able-bodied Landmen on Board of his Majesty's Ships, for any Length of Time, as Super any ship's Books numeraries, for Victuals only. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid as supemumc nrft Day of November, every Seaman or able-bodied Land man, who shall be entered on the Books of any Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as supernumcrary to the Compliment of on boar "d t'he such Ship or Vessel, shall be born for, and entitled to, his Wages, upon the Books of the first, and of every and every other ather Ship or Vessel in which he shall serve for the Space of ten Days, and shall receive all other Bene Ship they shall fits and Advantages as if he were Part of the Compliment thereof., (eve, 10

III. Provided always, That where such Seaman or able-bodied Land man shall have been lent from any fcy Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to any other such Ship or Vessel, such one's^p to ano seaman or able-bodied Land man shall continue to be born for, and entitled to his Wages, upon the rher, are to Le Hooks of such Ship or Vessel from which he shall have been solent, until he shall be regularly discharged torn on the rom thence, and in no other; anything herein contained to" the contrary notwithstanding. Books

IV. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of No nt

Member, in case any inferior Officer or Seaman shall be turned over from one Ship or Vessel in the Service ofc>, n'ed.

I R^ I 1 T T P pim 1 / 1 XT' ft 1 _ I 1 P 1 r 1 T 1 k*'

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, into any other such Ship or Vessel, either by Order from the Lord inferior r ffic<rr hi^h Admiral of Great Britain, or from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral or srsm.ui tum j Great Britain, or any three or more of them, or by Order from any Commander in Chief of any Squa ed cfr u'*no" tiron of such Ships or Vessels, in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast of the same, every such of ficer and Seaman, in case such Ship or Vessel, into which he shall be so turned over

shall be

in or

shall

11 such Ship hull be or enme

some into any Port of Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be er reside, shall be paid, into any P n of

by Grta br.tain,

168 C io.

where a commissioner of the Navy shall be, is to le paid the Wa ges due to him before such Ship goes to Sea, unless by the Admiralty it be otherwise di refled 5 in which

Persons turned over, are to be

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

by proper Pay Lists to be made out, all the Wages which shall appear to be due to him in the Ship or vessel from which he shall be so turned over, before the Ship or Veiled, into which he shall be turned over shall proceed to Sea; unless it shall be otherwise directed by Special Order from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, in Cases of the greatest Exigency only: And if such Ship or Veiled, in pur (uance of the said Order, hall proceed to Sea before such Payment can possibly be made, then the Paid Wages shall be paid as soon as ever such Ship or Vessel shall come again into any such Port of Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be or reside as aforesaid.

Case, he is to be paid as soon as the Ship returns into Fort again.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Seaman shall be turned over from one Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, astn theform*6' Into any ot ier such Ship or Vessel; then, and in such Case, such Officer or Seaman, so turned over, shall not Shi"; C °tmsr Ibrve or be rated in a worse Quality or lower Degree or Station, than he served in or was rated for in the and to be paid Ship or Vessel from which he was turned over; and shall receive, over and above such Wages as shall then theirw ages then be due to him, an Advance of two Months Wages, before the Ship or Vessel into which he shall be so due, and two turned over shall proceed to Sea, in case he shall not have received such Advance in any of the Ships or Vef months Pay in f, f 0 which he shall be so turned over.

Advance, it

nene be received in

before. VI. And, to the Intent that all Arrears of Seamens Wages, and their growing Wages, may be constant

Moneys re to ly, regularly and punctually paid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and out of te appropriated such Moneys as have been or shall be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Navy; and, n and also from and out of all such Supplies as shall be hereafter granted in Parliament, for any Naval Ser 1 C ovthegrants v'ces' Sums f Money shall, in the first Place, be appropriated, and shall, from time to time, be if c 1 sued and applied, as shall be sufficient for the constant, regular and punctual Payment of all Tickets that shall be made out in the Manner herein after direcied, for the Wages or Pay due to any Officer or Seaman; and also for the constant, regular and punctual Discharge of all Wages or Pay now due, or to grow due, ^ymernotsca tlpon any ship's Books, to any Officer or Seaman employed in the Royal Navy, in Manner following; vdz la Shep that is to say, That from time to time, and at all Times, from and after the said first Day of November, shall bein Sea when and so often as any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall have been in Pay twelve Sea Pay twelve whole Months, or more, if such Ship or Vessel shall then be or shall arrive, in any Port of Months or more, Great Britain or on the Coast thereof, the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall immedi and he in Port, ^jately make out, or cause to be made out, five complete Pay Books for all the Officers and Seamen belong c. 1 liritafn, ° n to Ship or Vessel, for all the Time that such Ship or Vessel shall have been in Sea Pay, except the last six Months; to which Time, videlicet, the last six Months, the Wages due upon all such Ships or Vessels are hereby intended to be cleared; and shall forthwith send or transmit, by the first safe Opportunity, such Pay Books, together with three Alphabets, and a Slop Book, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board; and whensoever or ns soon as any such Ship or Vessel, having been twelve whole Months or more in Sea Pay as aforesaid, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain where any Commissioner of the Navy shall be or reside, the said Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, are hereby strictly directed and aij li^bets, anda required to solicit such Sums of Money as shall be sufficient, and as soon as the same shall be issued, to Slop Book, to cause immediate Payment to be made of all the Wages due upon the said Pay Books as aforesaid, to all On the'sh?0'*11' Officers anc Seamen, their Executors or Administrators, or to the respective Attorney or Attorneys of Arrival where a such Officers or Seamen, their Executors or Administrators duly authorised as is herein after directed, de commissioner is, dudling the reout whatever Moneys shall have been paid before by way of Advance, or that shall stand against Money is to be them in the Books of such Ships or Vessels, on Account of any Defalcation; leaving always six Months Wages, and no more, due to such Officers and Seamen for their Service in such Ship or Vessel, unpaid and in Arrear: And whenever any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall return Home in order to be laid up, all the Wages due to the Officers and Seamen serving on Board of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be entirely paid off as soon as may be, or within two Months at farthest after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in the Port where the same is designed to be laid up: And it is hereby declared, That the Computation of the said Months Wages shall be by reckoning twenty-eight Days to the Month, l^pjid X e according to the usual Course or practice of the Navy.

Month to consist of is d.iys.

CVII. And whereas inferior Officers and Seamen are frequently absent, either with the Leave of the Commanding Officer, or upon Duty, at the Time of the Payment of the Ship or Vessel to which they belong; Therefore, for enabling such Officers or Seamen to receive their Wages or Pay with as little De

tn

Tuft i*fa

out

for Naval Services, sufficient for the regular I

me

the Captain is to make out cj Pay Books (except for the last 6 Months) and transmit them, with 3

Elicited, and l'ajment immediately to be nut,

deducting Advance Money and f'eijiravon.

pal

\\ ilhin 2 Months.

Upon applica cat on t 1 the Nivy B ard, tli' ay po ks gi to ha 1, 1 t Am n li 1 com m boner, for p iling off such m n hi n in the f. nice ai ill ill have been absent it 1 lie Payment of tha Ship.

lay as possible; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, whensoever and as often as any Application shall he made to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, by any such inferior Officer or Seaman, who shall then be in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and who shall luve been so absent at the Payment of the Ship or Vessel whereunto he did belting as aforesaid, or from the Captain or Commander of any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or

Delay, to the Commissioner ofihe Navy at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall he to which such Officers 01 Stamen shall then belong; and such Commissioner of the Navy shall forthwith cause Payment to be made to the said Officers and Seamen of the Wages or Pay which they were entitled to receive on the Payment of such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid.

C 10.

169

CVIII. And whereas many Inconveniences and Frauds have arisen for want of a proper Regulation with upon the de th respectto making out, and to the Payment of, the Tickets of inferior Officers and Seamen Be it there o^'^orsca. fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, if any inf. man, the cap" rior Officer or Seaman shall die in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, the Captain or Com tain is to make manderof the Ship or Vessel in which such Officer or Seaman served at the Time of his Death, shall, as out a Ticket for soon as may be after his Death, make, out a Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to such Officer or Seaman at tuspay, and the Time of his Death; which Ticket the said captain or Commander shall sign himself, and shall cause to ^meto^heva be signed by the proper signing Officers of such Ship or Vessel, and shall send or transmit the said Ticket so vy p0jrd. made out and signed as aforesaid, by the first safe Opportunity, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their for the Uil of board, for the Use of the Executors or Administrators of such Officer or Seaman: And the said Commis the Executors, sioners of the Navy shall immediately cause the Day of the Receipt of such Ticket to be endorsed thereon; da?of fnercfedpc and such Ticket shall be forthwith examined, and shall, by three or more of the said Commissioners of the hereon °and Navy, be assigned for Payment as soon as may be, or within one Month at farthest, to be computed from th -- Ticket to be the Day of the making such Endorsement; and the said Ticket being so assigned for Payment, shall, with examined, and out any Fee or Reward whatsoever, be delivered, upon Demand, to the Executors or Administrators of ar gued for such Officer or Seaman, or to their respective Attorney or Attorneys, to be duly authorised as is herein af ter directed; and the Money due thereon shall, without any See of Reward whatsoever, be paid to Inch v"red teth Executors or Administrators, or to their respective Attorney or Attorneys as aforesaid, as soon as such Ticket Executor, shall be brought to the Pay Office of the Navy. and the Money

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of No pah. when and so often as any inferior Officer or Seaman, in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or cj'ri!t; j)"etr^0, rc" successors, shall, by Wounds, Sickness or any other manifest Infirmity, be disabled and rcncietej unservice osctr orsea. able, in case such Officer or Seaman shall be on Board of any Ship or Vessel which shall then be in any Port man fit to ba of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof, or which shall belong to any Squadron of his Majesty's Ships or discharged as Vessels which shall not be in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof, the Captain or Comman "nserviceable; dcrof such Ship or Vessel, shall represent the same to the Commander in Chief of any Squadron of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, who is hereby directed carefully to inquire into, and to examine the same; 'and if unon Dl he shall be fully satisfied thereof, such Commander in Chief shall order such Captain or Commander to dif [n, ^r2'a' charge such Officer or Seaman, and to make out and sign, in the usual Form, a Ticket for the Wages or Ticket for his Pay then due to such Officer or Seaman; or if such Ship or Vessel shall not be in any Port of Great Britain, Say, cor on the Coast thereof, and shall not belong to any Squadron of Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs ard deliver <0 or successors, or shall he separated from the Commander in Chief of any Squadron to which such Ship or hnn a Cerufi

Vessel shall belong, then the Captain' or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, being fully satisfied of such Discharge5 Disability, shall discharge such Officer or Seaman, and shall make out such Ticket without the Direction of but transmi

it lie

any such Commander in Chief, and shall sign the same himself, and cause it to be signed by the proper Ticket to the signing Officers, as aforesaid: And whenever any such Officer or Seaman, so disabled and rendered unfer Navy Board; viceable, shall he discharged, and such Ticket shall be so made out for such Officer or Seaman, and shall ^c1' ear^etn|"*cf be signed in the Manner herein before directed, such Captain or Commander shall, at the same Time, grant Receipt thereon and deliver to such Officer or Seaman, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate of his Discharge, containing and examine the an exact Copy of the said Ticket, and a Description of the Person for whom such Ticket was so made Ticket, and out; which Ticket shall not, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be delivered to such Officer or aftisn it for Seaman, but such Captain or Comman ler shall send or transmit the same, by the first safe Opportunity, to tndtffrefent the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, for the Use of such Officer or Seaman; and the said Commissioners shall immediately cause the Day when they shall receive such Ticket to be endorsed thereon, of the cenifi zmd such Ticket shall be forthwith examined, and shall, by three or more of the said Commissioners, be cate, they ate to

Certificate, and the Person presenting the same, and being satisfied that the said Certificate was made out for Ticket w, ere tb.e said Person, and that he is rendered unserviceable, shall sign and testify the same on such Certificate; and "g to the the said Ticket, being so assigned for Payment, shall, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever, be immediate v, rcr» ly delivered to such Officer or Seaman to whom such Certificate of Discharge shall have heen granted, as ney

aforesaid, and to no other Person whatsoever, and the Money due thereon shall, without any Fee or Reward, be jvtht Ticket te paid to such Officer or Seaman, and to no other Person whatsoever, as soon as such Ticket shall be brought not transmitted to the Pay Office of the Navy; or if the said Ticket shall not have been transmitted to, and received by cr received, the' the said Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, then the said Certificate shall be forthwith examined as Uertifkatealoie aforesaid, and the Money appearing to be due on the said Ticket, by the Copy thereof contained in the said Certificate, shall be paid to the Person producing the same, as aforesaid, and to no other Person what jf the ceu ifuare ibever, in like Manner as if the said Original Ticket had been transmitted and received: And in case any be repented to a Officer or Seaman, so discharged, shall be defuous to receive his Wages or Pay at any Port of Great Bri commissionei in lain where a Commissioner of the Navy shall be or reside, and shall present to such Commissioner the Certif of the Forts ficate of his Discharge; the said Commissioner, upon examining such Certificate, and the Person so pre j|1vre<tj1'ai!^ fenting the same, and being satisfied that the said Certificate was made out for the said Person, and that he and f n, i, 'e is rendered unserviceable, shall sign and testify the same on such Certificate, and transmit such Certificate same, if fati fiej to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, who are hereby ftribtly charged and required, within therewith, and four Days after the F, eceipt of such Certificate, to cause the Ticket made out and transmitted to them for 'ranfmitittothe such Officer or Seaman, and assigned for Payment as aforesaid; — if such Ticket shall not have been trans ^h^a^tnoha mttted to, and received by them, then the said Certificate, containing a Copy of the said Ticket, instead payment 10 be thereof; to be fern to the said Commissioner of the Navy at such Port, who shall cause the Money clue made t: ereupon thereon tube immediately paid at such Port, to such Officer or Seaman applying for the same, and entitled atiuji Port.

Vgl. VIII'Z thereto,

370 C iq. Anno tricesimo prime Georg i 1 II A.D. 1757.

ihe com i 1).tinner i; to f nl such dif

thereto, without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever; and the Commissioner of the Navy at such o Port where such Certificate shall be so presented, shall send such Officer or Seaman, so prefer.ting the same, i. with an Order to the nearest Hospital, who flail receive such Officer or Seaman, and victual him from the

an'o d»r"to the d ime he flail present such Certificate, until he shall be so paid the Wages or Pay due to him as aforesaid.

nearest Hospita!, till Payment of his Wages.

if the Certificate X Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such fr, o iid teloft or Certificate herein before directed to be granted and delivered to such inferior Officer or Seaman, fodischarg. tr ihe^person eton account of being rendered unserviceable, as aforesaid, should happen to be lost or destroyed; if not appearand a, iy such Officer or Seaman should not appear in Person, and present the same to the commissioners of the prefenuhevame, Navy, at their Board, or to the Commissioner of the Navy at any such Port in Great Britain, as aforesaid;

the Money due on the Ticket be not paid before the General Payment of the Ship; the Ticket is to be cancelled and

would not be payable by vir upon such Ticket flail not be

in either of which Cases, the Wages or Pay due to such Officer or Seaman tue of the said Ticket so made out for him; or if the Wages or Pay due

paid before the General Payment of the ship's Company; then, and in every such Case, the said commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, flail cause such Ticket to be cancelled, and all such Wages or Pay shall accrue and become payable to such Officer or Seaman, his Executors or Administrators, or to the respective Attorney or Attorneys of such Officer or Seaman, his Executors or Administrators, demanding the lame, and duly authorised as is herein after directed, when the Wages or Pay due upon such Ship or Vessel the wa es to be be Pa'^5 n the Manner prescribed by this at, and as if such Ticket and Certificate had never been piid to the Exe made out or granted; anything herein contained, or any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. cutors, c.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Novem

Captain to make her, when and so often as any inferior Officer or Seaman belonging to any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, out sicktickets his Heirs or Successors, flail, by Or; er of the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, be set Sick ashore, and be sent into any Hospital or Sick Quarters, for his Recovery, such Captain or Commander flail, at the same Time, make out a Sick Ticket for the Wages or Pay then due to such Officer or Seaman, and flail sign the same himself, and cause it to be Signed by the proper Signing Officers as aforesaid; Sick 'Picket being so made out and Signed, shall be transmitted along with Such Officer or Seaman to Such Hospital or Sick Quarters: And if such Officer or Seaman not being cured in such Hospital or Sick Quarters, shall be regularly discharged from thence as unserviceable, then a Certificate of such Discharge, together with the said Sick Ticket annexed thereunto, shall be granted and delivered to him; and in case he shall present the same to the Commissioner of the Navy that shall be or reside at any Port in Great Britain, such Commissioner of the Navy, upon examining the Person presenting the same, and being duly Satisfied that he

for those set ashore, and trans n ic the same with the Sick Persons to the Hospital; if any be discharged as unserviceable, a Certificate there fit, with the Sick Ticket annex'd, is to be granted him; which being prefenled to a

is rendered unserviceable, shall Sign and testify the same on such Certificate, and shall forthwith transmit such Certificate, together with the said Sick Ticket annexed thereunto, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, who are hereby ftridily charged and required immediately to cause the Day when they shall receive the same to be endorsed thereon, and such Certificate and Sick Ticket annexed thereunto, to be exa commissioner. is mined by the Muster Books, if received, and a proper Ticket or Pay List, in the usual Form, to be made to be sign d by out within four Days after the Receipt of such Certificate and Sick Ticket, for the Payment of all Wages therewith and or Pay due to such Officer or Seaman; and shall send such Ticket or Pay List without any Delay to the transmitted with said Commissioner of the Navy at such Port, who flail, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever, cause the the Ticket to Money due thereon to be immediately paid to such Officer or Seaman applying for the same, and entitled the Navy Doard, thereunto; who notwithstanding such Discharge, shall be kept and maintained in such Hospital or Sick are to ex Quarters, from the Time he shall present such Certificate and Sick Ticket annexed thereunto, until he shall be so paid the Wages or Pay due to him, as aforesaid.

amine an 1 in eorfc the same,

and make out a Pay List, and the Parley is to be kept in Sick Quarters till Payment

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Muster Books or Pay Books for any such Ship or Vessel shall not be regularly transmitted to, and received by the Commissioners of the Navy, in the Manner herein before prescribed, yet the Payment of the Tickets, or Certificates containing Copies thereof, or Pay Lists, herein before directed to be made out or granted, flail not be delayed or postponed for such Omission; if any Error, to the Detriment of the Publick Treasure, shall be made in any such 'Picket or Certificate containing a Copy thereof, or Pay lists, by the g Captain or Commander issuing or making out the same, the Loss arising by such Error shall be made good and compensated out of any Wages or Pay due or to grow due to such Captain or Commander by whom

Payment of Tickets, cerli ficafs 01 Pay Lists, n. t to be (Played, for want of the Muster or Pay Ijroks not Lein duly font to the

ji e?r<fr°b» made ^'c^ct or Certificate, or Pay List was so made out or granted as aforesaid.

in any Ticket, the Loss to be made good out of the caplain's Wages,

Jf a Ship no: m XIII. And, in order to enable inferior Officers and Seamen employed Abroad to remit any Part of their tm to?ft^rr in Wages or Pay for the Support of their Wives and families, without any Expense or Delay, and free from jjri 'ufuri°t|s Oppressions; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first

in si Pay vz Day of Novomler, when and so often as any such Ship or Vessel which shall not be in any Port of Great Months, Britain, or on the Coast thereof, shall have twelve Months Wages or Pay due, the Captain or Commander, tin Cum n is to of stich Ship or Vessel shall read over, or cause to be read over, in a distindb audible Manner, the Names of " Ccw to'be'caii* a'^ t^lc 'nfcrior Officers and Seamen belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause every such Officer and rd?w*Seaman to nnswer to his Name; and shall do the same, from time to time, at the End of every six Months, snd if any fhtftl as long as such Ship or Vessel shall have twelve Months or more Wages or Pay due as aforesaid: if any drfiri to remit such Officer or Seaman shall thereupon declare by Word of Mouth, or deliver in Writing, the Name and \ s Wages to hi Place of Abode of his Wife, Father or Mother, and desire that the Whole, or any Part of his Wages or Wi coi Parents, pfly juc rexccpt the Wages or Pay that shall be due for the lnft six Months of his Service on Board such Ship or vessel) Should be allotted and paid to his said Wife, Father or Mother, by the Receiver-general

3

C ro.

171

of the Land Tax for any County, Riding or City in Great Britain, or by the Collector of the Customs for any Port, or Collector of the Excise for any Collection in Great Britain, or by the Clerk of the Cheque at any of his Majesty's Dock Yards; then, and in such Case, the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel is hereby strictly required and enjoined to cause four Lists to be made out, which shall contain the Names of all such inferior Officers and Seamen as shall be desirous to remit to their Wives, Fathers or Mothers, the Whole or any Part of their Wages or Pay, except for the last six Months of their Service as aforesaid; in which Lifts, the Amount of the Wages or Pay so desired to be paid, the Name and Place of Abode of such Officer or seaman's Wise, Father or Mother, to whom such Wages or Pay are to be remitted and paid, and the Receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, by whom such Wages are to be made payable, shall be specified and described in three separate distinct Columns, opposite to the Name of such Officer or Seaman, in the said Lists; and every such Officer or Seaman who shall so desire that any such Part of his Wages or Pay may be allotted and paid to his Wife, Father or Mother, shall write his Name, or make his Mark, in a separate distinct Column in the said Lists; which Lists shall be forthwith completed, and signed by the Captain or Commander, and proper signing Officers of such Ship or vessel; and such Captain or Commander shall transmit the said Lists, by the first safe Opportunity, without any neglect or Delay whatsoever, to the of of the Navy, at their Board: And the said Commissioners, upon receiving such Lists wherein any such Allotment shall be made by any such inferior Officer or Seaman, of any such Part of his W; ges or Pay, to his Wife, Father or Mother, shall immediately make out, or cause to be made out, two Bills for every such Allotment; which Bills shall be Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Lines, fi011 rishes or Devices, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think proper; and shall be made payable to the Wife, Father or Mother respectively, of such inferior Officer or Seaman, by the Receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque respectively, according to the Appointment in such Lists; and the said Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by any three Commissioners of the Navy, and be written or printed according to the following Form

the Captain is to direct proper Lids of such Persons to be made out.

which are to be signed by them, and the proper Officers, and tranl mittea to the Navy Board,

who are to make out two Bills, Duplicates, for such Allotments, which are to be made payable according to the Appointment in the Lists, and signed by 3 Commissioners.

A. N I.

Navy Office.

SIR,

p AY to B. D. of

Day of in the County of

C Wife 1 < Father i £ J

of E. D.

C^inferiorjofficer, ^belonging to his Majesty's Ship upon producing the Duplicate

hereof, together with a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens, or, in that Part Great Britain called Scotland, under the Hands of the Minister and two Elders of the Parish where the

1 said B. D. £ Wcrmcs?' that the said B. D. to thebeft of their Knowledge and Belief, is the J Father

£motherj

of the said. D. the Sum of being on account of the Wages of the said. D. if the same shall be demanded within six Calendar Months from the Date hereof; otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, at the Pay Office of the Navy.'

The Fori.

f The Receiver-general of the Land Tax y of the County of cj g; The called!or of the Customs at the Port

S of

jthe Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque at

By Virtue of the al of the thirty first George the Second.

N.B. The perforating or falsely afiuming the Name and Character of the Wife or Relation of any inferior Officer or Seaman, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by thirty first George the Second.

JO. P. } Commissioners jp. R. > of S. T. j the Navy.

And as fopn as the said Bills shall be so made out and signed, the said Commissioners of the Navy shall The Bills to be cause them to be cut asunder, indentwise, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices; and shall cause cut out indent one of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and specified in such Lists as the"if"ej and one Wife, Father or Mother of such Officer or Seaman, and the other of the said Bills to be transmitted forth 1" be kjft 1 be with to the said Receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or L^CI e Clerk of the Cheque, on whom such Bill shall be so drawn as aforesaid: the said Receiver-general of and the other the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, and Clerk of the Cheque, if the to the Person on said Duplicates of such Bill shall be produced and delivered to either of them respectively within six Calen hom 'he Bill dar Months from the Date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, together u^npref nt with the Certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and to inquire into the Truth thereof, by the Oath of nipe0f thedu the Person producing the same; which Oath they are hereby respectively authorised and directed to admi plicate and or niher; and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the same on the Back of tificate within 6 such Bill; and shall immediately pay to the Wife, Father or Mother of such Officer or Seaman, without Months, and See or Reward on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his or her Receipt for t

Z 2 the°

C 10.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

certified on the B 'etc ct' the BII, the Money to be paid; and the isiil and Duplicate to be returned to the Navy Board, and repaid by the Treasurer.

If the Duplicate and Certificate be not tender'd, cc. within 6 Months, the Bill is to be returned to the Treasurer of the Navy, and canoe

Bills to be made out, c. n like Manner, if a Seaman, at the Tina. of receiving his Pay, shall define to remit any Part thereof to his Wife, Children, or Parents, c.

the same on the Back thereof 5 which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the Duplicate thereof, at the Navy Office, shall be immediately aiiigned for Payment by three or more com rr.issioners of the Navy; and shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, Clerk of the Cheque, or to the Order of any such Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque respectively: But in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, or if a proper Certificate of the Person claiming to be the Wife, Father or Mother of such Officer or Seaman, be not likewise produced, then the said Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, at the Pay Office of the Navy, who hall cause such Bill to be immediately cancelled; and from and after the cancelling' thereof, the Sum contained in such Bill shall accrue and become payable to such inferior Officer or Seaman for whose Wages or Pay it was made out, or to his Executors or Administrators, or to the respective Attorney or Attorneys of such Officer or Seaman, his Executors or Administrators, demanding the same, and duly authorised as is herein after directed, without any Fee, Reward or Deduction whatsoever, when the Wages or Pay due upon such Ship or Veiled shall be paid, in the Manner prescribed by this act.

lied; and the Money to be paid to the Seaman, c. when the Ship is paid.

XIV. And, for the better enabling inferior Officers and Seamen, upon Payment being made to them of their Wages or Pay in the Manner hereby before directed, to remit any Part thereof to their Wives, Children or Parents, or to such other Personas they shall judge proper; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, when and so often as any Wages or Pay due to such inferior Officer or Seaman shall be paid at the Pay Office of the Navy, or at any of the Out Ports, in the Manner before prescribed, if such Officer or Seaman hall desire to receive a Bill for the Whole, or for any Part of his said Wages or Pay, to be drawn upon the Receiver-general of the Land Tax for any County, Riding or City in Great Britain, or upon any Collector of the Customs for any Port, or Collector of the Excise for any Collection in Great Britain, or upon the Clerk of the Cheque at any of his Majesty's Dock Yards; then, and in such Case, two Bills, being Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, as aforesaid, shall be immediately made out, numbered and dated, by the Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, appointed to pay such Wages, and be signed, if made out at the Pay Office of the Navy, by the Commissioners of the Navy comptrolling the Payment when such Bills shall be so made out; or if made out at any of the Out Ports, by the Commissioner of the Navy comptrolling such Payment there; and such Bills shall be attested at the Foot thereof, by the first Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at such Pay Office or Out Port; and the said Bills shall be made payable to such Person or Persons only, and by such Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, as shall then be named by such inferior Officer or Seaman, and inserted in such Bills j which shall be written or printed according to the following Form

Form of the Bills.

on

her s producing and delivering the Duplicate

t their j

being on account of the Wages of D. E. Mariner, on Board of his if the same be demanded within six Calendar Months from the Date are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy at the Pay Office of the

Signed

A. N. I. Day of

S I R,

p AY to B.C. of

hereof, the Sum of majesty's Ship the hereof; otherwise you Navy.'

The Receiver-general of the Land Taxfor the County of

The Collector of the Cu to { Jloms at the Port of

tl)e Collector Attested

of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque. at

By Virtue of the act of the

thirty first of George the Second.

fndrnrwife, cut And f°on as the said Bill shall be made out, assigned and attested, the said Commissioner of the Navy ffiafl mi one to be cause them to be cut asunder, indentwise through the oblique Linesj Flourishes or Devices, and shall cause delivered to the Seaman, and the other to be remitted to the Person on whom it is drawn,

one

F. G. commissioner of the Navy.

1

L of t

Clerk to Treasurer the Navy.

A.

D. 17

*7 57-

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C io. 173

one of thte said Bills to be delivered to such Officer or Seaman, and the other to be forthwith transmitted to the said Receiver-general of the Land 'Fax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, on whom such Bill shall be drawn as aforesaid: the f.iid Receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, are hereby flritslly required and enjoined, if the Duplicate of such Bill hall, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, be produced and delivered to either of them respectively, by the Person or Persons to whom such Bill is payable, to pay to such Person or Persons immediately, without Fee or Reward on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained therein, taking his, her or their Receipt for the same, on the Back of the Paid Bill; which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the Duplicate thereof, at the Navy Office, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by three or more Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of tae Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, or to the Order of any such Receiver ge n ral, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment of the same be demanded, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the said Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, hall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy at the Pay Office, of the Navy, who shall cause such Bill, or the Duplicate thereof, so delivered to such Officer or Seaman, if the same shall be returned, to be immediately cancelled; and from and after the Return and Cancelling of such Bill, or of the Duplicate thereof, such Part of the Wages or Pay for which such Bill was so made out, shall be immediately paid to such inferior Officer or Seaman, or his Executors or admi nistrators, or to the respective Attorney or Attorneys of such Officer or Seaman, his Executors or administrators, demanding the same, and duly authorised as is herein after directed, without any Fee, Reward or Deduction whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills herein before directed to be made out, shall be tendered for Payment by the Wife, Father or Mother of any such Officer or Seaman, shall not then have in his Hands Public Money sufficient to answer the same, and shall refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately endorse on the Back of the said Duplicate, the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his re fufal or Delay to pay the same; and shall appoint thereon for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day, within the Space of two Months at the farthest from the Day of its having been first tendered to him, as aforesaid; Duplicate, with the Endorsement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the Person presenting the same: And if, upon Complaint to be made to the respective Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Cheque, it shall appear that such Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill; or that such Receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, or any Person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount or Deduction whatsoever, on Account of the Payment of the said Bill; it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction, in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; which Conviction shall be made by such respective Commissioners, and such Fine shall be levied and recovered, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty may be levied or recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against: such Offender or Offenders.

XVI. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to, or be construed to invalidate or make void any Indenture or Indentures, whereby any Master is or shall be entitled to have or receive the Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, earned by his Apprentice, but such Wages, Pay, or other Allowances, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or by his Direction, according to such Indenture or Indentures, as has been usual in such Cases; unless such Apprentice shall be above the Age of eighteen Years at the Time when such Indenture or Indentures were made and executed, or unless such Apprentice shall have been hired and rated as a Servant to any Commission or Warrant Officer belonging to any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, such appren ticeship noticing then known to such Officer; in which Case, the Wages or Pay of such Servant shall be due and payable to such Commission or Warrant Officer, according to the usual Practice of the Navy, until such Officer shall be informed of such Apprenticeship: in either of the Cases herein before mentioned, the Master of such Apprentice shall net be entitled to receive any Wages, Pay or Allowances, by virtue of any such Indenture; anything herein contained, or any lw, Staute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas it is of great Importance to the carrying on of the Payments in the Manner herein before directed, that all the Captains and Commanders of the Ships and Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, should regularly transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the first safe Opportunity, all such complete Pay Books, and all such Lists and Tickets", to be so made out as aforesaid, and should also regularly transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy, once in every two Months from the Time any such Ships or Vessels shall have been entered into Sea Pay, Muster Books for every such Ship or Vessel, according to the Method now prescribed and required, or which shall at any Time hereafter be prescribed

and required, by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by the Commissioners for executing the Of

nee

Upon producing the Duplies e within 6 Months, the Bill to be paid; and upon returning the same, &c. lo the Navy Office, the Money to be re hnbursed, &c.

If the Duplicate be not produced, and Payment demanded, within 6 Months, the Bill is to be returned to the Treasurer of the Navy, and cancelled 5

and the ?uortey to be paid to the Seaman, or lia Executors, S; C

If the Duplicate be not paid w hen tendei'd, the Ca fe of re fufal or De'ay, and the Time when iencei'd, lo be endorsed thereon,

and a future Day of Payment to be appointed, c. If Payment has been unnecessarily delayed,

or any Fee, on Account of Payment, hath been taken, the Offender to forfeit 50i,

to the Informer,

Wages of Apprentice to be paid to his Master,

unless he be above the Age of 13 when the Indentures were executed; or be rated as Servant to some Officer, to whom such Apprenticeship was unknown

Captains to transmit rep hr jy to the Navy Board paybroks, ami i.ip.s of Tickets to be made U;

and also once in 2. Months the Ship's Muster Brok, properly signed, &c. and, in Default, &c.

(except in Cases of Necessity, to be made appear to the Lords of the Admiralty)

to forfeit all their Wages to the Chert at Chatham,

and to suffer moreover, as a Court-martial shall adjudge.

The Tickets, Pay Litis and Fillsdeemed sufficient Vouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy lor Money paid thereon.

Captains issuing Tickets other vise than the /. ct direct?, to forfeit for each Offence, co 1.

One Moiety to the Informer, and the other to the Chert at Chatham. the court, where judf ment shall be given, to certify the (am: to laj Admin tj; a id the Off'ntl* r t i.ter pon to, hr frii also all his VI; »fci to the Ch. 1 at Chatham.

Captain not liable to t.irfii' on t his l, before IJ me i y o, un II LI he hath pre vu'.fly r r.eived an Abduct thereof,

Mia hr d to be ohf rvet in n i k ng and a'teu ing t.ctcms of At o. i.ey.

3. io. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

C fice of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain \ Ee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, every Captain and Commander of every Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, hall and do, from time to time, regularly and duly lend or transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, by the first safe Opportunity, all and every such complete Pay Bocks, and all and every such List or Lists, Ticket or Tickets, to be so made out as aforesaid; also hail and do regularly and, duly send and transmit, once in every two Months, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, one complete Muster Book for such Ship or Vessel, signed by himself and the proper Officers, not only for the said two Months, but for the whole Time which such Ship or Vessel hall have been in Commission, or from the Time to which such Ship or Vessel was last paid: And in case such Captain or Commander shall be guilty of any Failure or Neglect in any Part hereof, the Laid Commissioners of the Navy are hereby ftriblly directed and required not to grant to any such Captain or Commander the General Certificate, to entitle him to his Wages or Pay for such Ship or Vessel, unless thereto required by particular Order from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord high Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of such Commissioners, in Cases of Necessity, and on its being made appear to their Satisfaction, that the Directions herein before given in this Behalf have been complied with as far as the Nature of the Service would admit, and that the said complete Pay Books, Lists, Tickets and Muster Books, had been actually sent to the said Commissioners of the Navy, as often as any proper and safe Opportunities offered: And in case such Captain or Commander shall not sufficiently exculpate himself from such Neglect or Failure, in the Manner hereby prescribed, before the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of such Commissioners, within twelve Calendar Months after the Arrival of such Captain or Commander in Great Britain, then such Captain or Commander hall lose and forfeit all the Wages due to him for his Service on Board such Ship or Vessel, which are hereby directed to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Chest at Chatham -, and such Captain or Commander, being tried for and convicted of such Offence by a court-martial, hall be liable to such farther cen sure or Punishment, not extending to Loss of Life or Limb, as such court-martial shall adjudge.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Ticket and Tickets, Certificate and Certificates. Pay List and Pay Lists, Bill and Bills, herein before directed to be made out and paid out as aforesaid, hall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient Vouchers for the Treasurer of the Navy, for so much Money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all or any such Tickets, Certificates, Pay Lists or Bills, respectively, and as hall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his Accounts.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the said first Day of November, any Captain or Commander of any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, hall make out, or cause to be made out and issued, any Ticket or Tickets for Wages or Pay to any inferior Officer or Seaman, under any Pretence whatsoever, other than and except in the Manner, and under tl'.e Regulations, herein before directed concerning the same, every such Captain or Commander so offending hall, for every such Offence, lose and forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, one Moiety whereof shall be forfeited and paid to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Chest at Chatham, which Forfeiture shall be i'ued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tve/irnin/ier, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Court shall award such Costs to the Parties as shall be just: in all Cases where Judgement or Sentence shall be given against any such Offender, the Court where such Judgement or Sentence shall be given shall, with all convenient Speed, certify the (lime to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain \ and as a further Punishment, such Offender shall, upon such Certificate, lose and forfeit all the Wages or Pay due to him for his Service in such Ship or Vessel; which Wages or Pay the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of such Commissioners, shall direct and order to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Chest at Chat Lain.

XX. Provided always, That no Captain or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall be liable to any Penalty, upon Account of any Offence which shall be committed against this Act before the fuss Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, unless, before the Time of his committing such Offence, he shall have received the Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations of this Act, herein after directed to be delivered to the Captain or Commander of every Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors.

XXI. And, for establishing a proper Method for making and ntteffing Letters of Attorney, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Letter of Attorney made by any inferior Officer or Seaman in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Executors or Administrators cf any such Officer or Seaman, in order to empower or entitle any Person or Persons to receive any Wages, Pay or Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due for such Service, ball be good and valid, or sufficient for that Purpose, unless such Letter of Attorney shall be made and declared to be revocable by the express Words thereof; and unless such Letter of Attorney, if made by any such Officer or Seaman then in the Service of his Majesty, his Hci s or Successors, shall be signed before and atfefted by the Captain or Commander, and one other of the signing Officers of the Ship to which such inferior Officer or Seaman shall belong, or by the Clerk of the Cheque at foine of the Dock Yards; and unless such Letter of Attorney, if made by any such Officer or Seaman who shall have been discharged from the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be signed before and aticfted by the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place where such Officer or

Seaman

C io. 175

Seaman shall then refije; or if made by the Executors or Administrators of any such Officer or Seaman, unless such Letter of Attorney shall be signed before and attested by the Minister and Churchwardens, or, iy that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the Minister and two Elders of the Parish where such Executors or Administrators shall respectively re side.

XXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters of Attorney, other than such as shall be made and attested in Manner aforesaid, and all Bargains, Sales, Bills of Sale, Contrails, Agreements and Assignments whatsoever, of, for or concerning any Wages, Pay or Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due to any such inferior Officer or Seaman in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for such Service made or entered into from and after the said sir ft Day of November, shall be and are hereby declared to be void and of no Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Law, Statute, c.uftom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being is hereby authorised, directed and required to payor cause to be paid, to every such inferior Officer or Seaman as shall appear in Person at the Pay Table, or, in his ab fence, to his lawful Attorney empowered by him in the Manner herein before directed, or to the Executors or Administrators of such Officer or Seaman, or to their respective Attorney or Attorneys, duly authorised in such Manner as is herein before directed, the respective Wages, Pay or Allowances of Money of any Kind, due to him or them, without Regard to any such Letter of Attorney, Bargain, Sale, Bill of Sale, Contract, Agreement or Assignment whatsoever, made or to be made of, for or concerning any such Wages, Pay or Allowances of Money of any Kind.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, no Ecclesiastical Court, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, under any Pretence, shall take or receive any more than the Sum of one Shilling for the Seal, Parchment, Writing, and suing forth of the Probate of any Will, or any Letters of Administration, granted to the Widow or Children, Father

or

Mother, Brother or Sister, of any inferior Officer, Seaman or Marine whatsoever, dying in the Pay of his Majesty's Navy, and for the Pains, Trouble and Expense attending the suing forth of such Probate, or Letters of Administration, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Officer, Seaman or Marine do amount to the Value of twenty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of two Shillings, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Officer, Seaman or Marine do amount to the Value of forty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of three Shillings, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Officer, Seaman or Marine do amount to the Value of sixty Pounds: And in all Cases where it shall be necessary to ifiiie Commissions, to swear the Widows or Children, Father or Mother, Brother or Sister, being Executors or Administrators of such inferior Officers, Seamen or Marines, no Ecclesiastical Court, nor any Person or Persons whatsoever, under any Pretence, shall take or receive more than the Sum of one Shilling for the Seal, Parchment, Writing, and suing forth of any such Commission, and for the Pains, Trouble and Expense attending the same, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Officer, Seaman or Marine, do amount to the Value of twenty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of two Shillings, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Officer, Seaman or Marine, do amount to the Value of forty Pounds; nor more than the Sum of three Shillings, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Officer, Seaman or Marine do amount to the Value of sixty Pounds: And if any Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons, shall presume to take any more than the said Sums of one Shilling, two Shillings or three Shillings respectively, for the Seal, Parchment, Writing and suing forth of the Probate of any such Will, or any such Letters of Administration, and for the Pains, Trouble and Expense attending the same; or for the Seal, Parchment, Writing, and suing forth of any such Commission as aforesaid, and for the Pains, Trouble and Expense attending the same; the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered, with Full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XXIV. And whereas diverse wicked Practices have been carried on, by personating and falsely assuming Names and Characters of Officers, Seamen and others, entitled, or supposed to be entitled, to Wages, ' Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, for serving on Board of Ships or Vessels of the Royal Navy, and by forging and counterfeiting Letters of Attorney, Bills, Tickets, Alignments, Last Wills and other Authorities and Powers, from such Officers and Seamen, and by falsely taking out Pro ' bate of Wills and Letters of Administration, to such Officers and Seamen; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate, or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate, or falsely to assume the Name or Character of, any Officer, Seaman or other Person, entitled, or supposed to be entitled, to any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, for Service done on Board of any ship/or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; the Executor or Administrator, V ife, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due, or supposed to be due or payable, for or on account of the Services of any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid; hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Assignment, Last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any such Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due, or supposed to be due, to any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due, or that were supposed to be due, to any such Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, who has really served, or was supposed to have served, on Board of any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors; every such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence or Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

Letters of Attorney otherwise made and atte/l ed than the Act directs, and all Jlargains, c. concerning Wages, made after 1 Nov. 17 <8 j declared null, and the Wages due to be paid the Seaman himself, appealing at the Pay Table, or to his lawful Attorney, c.

Fees of Coutt fvr Probate of Wills, viz.

I 3, for Ch oda under 201.

2 j. under 40 f,

3 s. under 601.

and for issuing' Commissions,

1 s. under 20 L

2 s. under 401.

3 s. under 601,

No greater Fees to be taken under Penalty of 50 1.

Penalty of per fonating an Officer or Seaman supposed to have Wages due to Ivin, or his fx ectuor, rd.it; on cr cted.for,

cr rf forging Letters of Attorr.cy, Tickets, Certificates cr Wills;

or of makirg a fal eonh to obtain Probate of any Will, in Older to receive the Wages, XC of such Penon, is Death,

j6 C

10.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

When the Pay Books are doled, Tickets, upcn. Application, to be made out at the Navy Cffi: e, for such Men as have not bten paid, which are to be paid, in Course once a

British Governors, Ministrrs, Consuls or Merchants, in Foreign Parts, are to provide for British Seamen and Boys of the Navy, wiecked, captur'd, or discharged as unserviceable, and fubfi/l them at 6 d. per Diem. Bills of their Disbursements, with the Vouchers, to be sent to the Navy Board, to be paid.

The Men to be frr.t home on hoatd the first King's Ship, or Merchant Ship, bound to Great Britain.

jv!after of such Ships to receive tl.e Did Men

and <0 be allowed 6d, per Diem, for all such as frail be above b.scomplement; upon producing a Certificate, and making a proper Affidavit.

s^mcn ro: ub C 'o be n*ien out of the Service, except for sore criminal Mj ter, or 3 ical Del of the Value of 20l.

Oa h 'o be m ide of tl Debt b. c. foie j Ju 'ijc,

and rnaikcd on the f5.ii k of the Procvfs.

S 'arran to be oji h' rise dif chaipcd without Fee,

am! recover co.'t.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, when and so often as any of the Pay Books of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be doled, such Seaman as shall not then receive, or have received, the Wages, Pay or otherallowances of Money due to them, shall, upon Application made by them to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, have or receive Tickets made out to them to the Value of the said Wages, Pay or other Allowances due to them respectively; the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required to make out the said Tickets accordingly, and to cause the same to be dated, numbered, registered and paid in Course, once a Month.

Month.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governors, Ministers and Consuls appointed, or that shall be appointed, by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Foreign Parts, and residing the re, or where none such are resident, any two or more British Merchants then and there residing, shall, from and after the said first Day of November, be, and are hereby authorised, directed and required to send and provide for all Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, that shall by Shipwreck, Capture or other unavoidable Accident be driven or call: away to, or that shall be discharged as unserviceable from any of the Ships or Vessels of the Royal Navy, at such Foreign Parts or Places, where such Governors, Ministers, Consuls or Merchants reside; the said Governors, Ministers, Consuls and Merchants are hereby required to provide for and subsist such Seafaring Men and Boys, at or after the Rate of six Pence per Diem each; and to fend Bills of their several Disbursements upon such Occasions, together with proper Vouchers for the same, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, who are hereby directed and required to cause immediate Payment to be made of such Bills and Disbursements, after due Examination of the said Vouchers j and the said Governors, Ministers, Consuls and Merchants shall put or send the said Men or Boys on Board the first Ship belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, that shall arrive at the Parts or Places where they reside, or any other Parts or Places, being near or within a convenient Distance for that Purpose; in case no Ship of War shall be then in such Parts or Places, or within a convenient Distance, they hall send such Men or Boys on Board such Merchant Ships or Vessels as are bound for any Port of Great Britain, and are in want of Men to make up their Compliment; but if neither Case happens within a convenient Time, then they shall provide and order a Passage homeward for such Men and Boys, in the first Merchant Ship or Vessel bound for Great Britain: And every Master or Person having Charge of a Merchant Ship or Vessel, that shall arrive in such Foreign Parts, and be homeward bound from thence to any Port in Great Britain, shall be, and is hereby required to take on Board such and so many of such Seafaring Men or Boys, as the said Governors, Ministers, Consuls or Merchants shall direct, not exceeding four for each one hundred Tonnes of which his Ship consists.

Buys on Board;

XXVII. And, for an Encouragement for such Masters of such Ships or Vessels to take such Seamen or Boys abroad, and bring them to Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Master or Person having Charge of a Ship or Vessel, who shall produce a Certificate under the Hands of the said Governors, Ministers, Consuls or Merchants, or any of them, certifying the Number and Names of the Men or Boys taken on Board by their Direction, and the Time of taking them on Board, and shall make an Affidavit at his Return, setting forth the Time during which he subsisted such Men or Boys, and that he did not, during that time, want of his own Compliment of Men, or how many he did want of such Compliment, and for what Time, shall receive, and the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, are hereby required to cause to be paid to such Master or other Person as aforesaid, six Pence per Diem for the Passage and Provisions of each Man and Boy, from the Day of their Embarkation homeward to the Day of their Arrival in Great Britain, or being put into some Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Pleirs or Successors; six Pence per Diem only being deducted for such Time, and for so many Persons, as such Master, or other Person as aforesaid, wanted of the Compliment of his Ship or Vessel, during the Voyage.

XXVIII. And, to prevent for the future, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests upon Seamen actually belonging to any of the Ships of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, no Person whatsoever, who shall lift and enter himself to serve as a Seaman on Board any of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall he liable to be taken out of the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, byanv pro cess or Execution whatsoever, either in Great Britain, Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominion', other than for foine criminal Matter; unless such Process or Execution be for a real Dent, or other just Cause of Action, rnd unless before the taking out of such Process or Execution, not being for a criminal Matter, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, from the Defendant or Defendants in tyre Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the Debt or Damage and Cost for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of twenty Pounds at the least; Memoradum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ, for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken; and if any Person be nevertheless arrested, contrary to the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint made thereof by the Party himself, or by any one of his superior Officers, to examine into the same, by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, and, by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge

such Seamen so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof made before hm or them, that such Seamen so aricfted were actually belonging to one of the Ships or vessels of his Majesty, hij Heirs or Successors, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. 177

award to the Party so complaining such Costs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable, the Recovery whereof, he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the said aion might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Action.

XXIX. And, to the End that honest Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from such Seamen as are actually belonging to some of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but, on the contrary, may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and that, instead of proceeding by an Arrest, which may hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves, they may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and easy Method; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Plaintiff or pjaintil? plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such Seaman or Seamen belonging file a Common to the Royal Navy, or left at his or their last Place of Residence before his or their Entering into the Service Appearance, of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to file a Common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or and proceed to upon account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to proceed therein to Judge judgement and ment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or Outlawry, and them so actually belonging to any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid; have Executioa Act, or anything herein, or any former Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding tiereupon.

axx. And, to prevent Extortion by Persons employed in the receiving of Seamens Wages, and other Moneys, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever who shall No ore tiian be employed in the receiving of any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or any other Moneys, due, or becominggcbe

due, for or upon account of the Service of any Officer, Seaman or other Person, in the Royal Navy, shall for re

be entitled to take or retain more than six Pence in the Pound for or upon account of receiving thoreof, and ceiving and pay for paying the same to the Person or Persons by whom he or they shall be employed, or according to the ing Seamens Direction and Appointment of such Person or Persons, and for all his and their Trouble and Attendance in Wases> or l'nze relation thereto: And if any Person or Persons so employed shall, directly or indirectly, demand, take or re {^"^penaltr tain, or cause or procure, or knowingly and willingly permit or suffer, to be demanded, taken or retained, ot j( 7

any Allowance, Gratuity, Reward, or Valuable Consideration, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of six Pence in the Pound, for the Moneys so received as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with Full Costs of Suit to any Person or Persons who will sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall anh. tie be allowed: And if any such Offender shall be a Cleric, Officer or Servant, in any Office belonging or rela fen(jer belong t ting to the Navy, he shall, upon Conviction, over and above the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, to be reco any Office in the vered as aforesaid, forfeit and lose his Place, and be for ever thereafter incapable of holding any Place of n*vy» tn lofehis Profit in any such Office. - Place also.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk, Officer or Servant, in any Office belonging or relating to the Navy, shall, directly or indirectly, demand, take or retain, or cause or procure, or knowingly and willingly permit or suffer to be demanded, taken or retained, any Fee, Gratuity, Compensation, or valuable Consideration (not being authorised so to do by this ACI) of or from any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or under Pretence of the doing or performing any Matter or Thing

Clerks, Officers, or Servants belonging to any Office in the Navy, taking other Fees than

hereby directed or authorised to be done or performed, or which shall be in Execution hereof, every such tee A, a: allows. Clerk, Officer or Servant, shall be subject to the same Forfeitures, Costs and Incapacities, as is herein i'umecl t the before mentioned with respect to the taking more than six Pence in the Pound for the receiving of Sea same forfeit mens Wages. ures"

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of of the fe.

j"november, so much of an act made in the ninth and tenth Year of the Reign of King William the verjl r Third, intituled An aci for the better preventing the Imbezzlement of his Majesty's Stores of jvar, and prevent 5 10 1'3*

in? Cheats, Frauds and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages, as relates to the taking no more than the Sum of c'

one Shilling for suing forth any Letters of Administration to the Wife or Children of any Seaman dying in the Pay of his Majesty's Navy, unless the Goods and Chattles of such Seaman do amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds: And also so much of an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in anr.z, c. 19. tituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speeelier Manning of her Majesty's Fleet, as relates to the Payment of the Wages due to Seamen turned over from one Ship to another: And so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act 1 Geo. 2. c. 9. for granting an Aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging jvages due to Seamen; and for the corjiant, regular and punctual Payment of Seamens jvages for the future; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament; and for dfposing of the Surplus of the Money granted for half-pay for the Year one thousand J even hundred and twenty seven) as contains any Provisions relative to his Majesty's Royal Navy, or the Commissioners thereof, or to the Captains, Commanders, Seamen, or other Persons serving therein, or to the Payment of the Wages due for such Service: And also an Act made in 1 Geo. 2. retire first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging Seamen io enter into his pealed in Part. Ma jcfiy s Service, shall he and are hereby repealed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Bri Abstractof tain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall direct an the with use Abstract of the Provisions and Regulations herein contained, for the Benefit of Seamen belonging to the Sticks of War, Ships and Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, together with the Articles of War, to be print to be printed 5 ed j and that a competent Number of the Copies thereof be delivered to the Captain or Commander of and topics deli every such Ship or Vessel and such Captain or Commander, as Toon as the Ship or Vessel by him com !° a manded fit be put into Sea Pay, shall cause one of the said printed Abstracts, together with the Articles otetobc kept

of War, to be hung up and affixed to the moil public Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall Vol. VIII A a

Cause the constantly hung

same in the port pu

Hick Place or" 'He ikip;

2nd to be rd to t'ne Ship' cona f any, alter the Articles, Once a Month; of which, proper Atidlation is to be made at the Foot uf the Muller Books. cr.nin?i/ijners of the Navy to inquire whether these Directions ate complied with;

to the End that

Seamen may both know their Duty, nd their Rights, and h°w to seek Redress for Injuries,

I o m of the Alftraft.

same to be cor.stantly kept up and renewed, so that they may be at all Times necesfible to the inferior Officers and Seamen on Board of such Ship or Vessel; every such Captain or Commander shall! cause such Abstractto be audibly and distinctly read over once in every Month, in the Presence of the Officers and Seamen of such Ship or Veiled, immediately after the Articles of War are read; and the Reading both of the Articles of War, and of this Abstract, and the Days when read, shall be attested by the Captain or Commander, and the usual signing Officers, of such Ship or Vessel, at the Foot of the Muster Books for such Ship or Vessel, before they are transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy: And the said Commissioners ace hereby charged and directed strictly to inquire whether the Directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said Abstract and Articles of War, and for the Reading of the same, as aforesaid, have been duly observed by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, and not to grant to such Captain or Commander his general Certificate, until they are fully satisfied thereof; to the End and Intent that every Seaman' employed in the Royal Navy of Great Britain may, at one and the same Time, hear and know the Forfeitures and Punishments he is liable to for any neglesl or Disobedience, and likewise the Encouragements and Benefits to which he is entitled by a due and faithful Performance of his Duty; and that, upon fullering any Oppression or Injury in such Service, he may be the better enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain who are hereby respectively charged and directed, upon any such Complaint being laid, strictly to inquire into the Circumstances of the same, and to grant immediate Redress therein, if such Complaint shall be justly founded; and to take special and constant Care that this Act, and all the provi fions and Regulations therein, be fully complied with, and punctually carried into Execution.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Abstract herein before directed, shall be in the following Words; that is to say.

'ABSTRACT of an Act of Parliament made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy; and for cfla hlishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages \ and for enabling them onore easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families \ and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.'

1. in' VERY Volunteer entering his Name with a Commission Officer, appointed for entering volun fa/ teers on Board any Ship in the Royal Navy, shall receive a Certificate thereof gratis, and be in titled to Wages from the Date of such Certificate, including the Day of the Date thereof, in case he appears on Board within fourteen Days, if the Place where he enters is not above one hundred Miles from the Ship; within twenty Days, if above one hundred Miles; or within thirty Days, if above two hundred Miles; and shall be allowed the usual Conduit Money, and also two Months Wages Advance, at the first fitting out of the Ship, and before the Ship proceeds to Sea.

2. Every supernumerary Man serving ten Days in any Ship, shall be born for and entitled to his Wages upon the Books of such Ship, and to all other Benefits, as if he was Part of the Compliment of such Ship; but Men lent from one Ship into another, shall continue to be born for and entitled to their Wages upon the Books of the Ship from which they were lent, until they shall be regularly ilifcharged from thence, and in no other.

3. Every inferior Officer or Seaman, who shall be turned over from one Ship to another (in case the Ship into which he is turned over, is then or shall come into a Port of Great Britain where there is a commissioner of the Navy) shall be paid, by proper Pay Lists, all the Wages due to him in the Ship from which he was so turned over, before the Ship into which he shall be turned over proceeds to Sea, unless it shall be otherwise directed by Special Order from the Admiralty, in Cases of the greatest Exigency only; and if the Ship, in pursuance of such Order, proceeds to Sea before such Payment can possibly be made, the Wages shall be paid as soon as such Ship shall come again into any Port of Great Britain where there is a commissioner of the Navy.

4. Every Officer or Seaman who shall be turned over from one Ship to another, shall not serve or be rated in a worse Quality, or lower Degree, than he served in or was rated for in the former Ship; and shall have an Advance of two Months Wages before the Ship into which he is turned over proceeds to Sea, in case he shall not have received such Advance before.

5. Such Sums of Money shall in the first Place be appropriated, and shall, from time to time, be issued and applied out of the Supplies granted, or to be granted, for any Naval Services, as shall be sufficient for the regular Payment of all Tickets made out pursuant to the Act, and for the regular Discharge of all Wages due, or to grow due, in Manner following; that is to say, As often as any Ship which shall have been in Sea Pay twelve Months, or more, shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof, the Captain or Commander shall immediately cause five complete Pay Books to be made oiit, for all the Time such Ship shall have been in Pay, except the last six Months; and shall forthwith transmit, by the first safe Opportunity, such Books, together with three Alphabets, and a Slop Book, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board: And as soon as such Ship shall be or arrive in any Port of Great Britain where there is a Commissioner of the Navy, the said Commissioners of the Navy shall solicit the necessary Sums of Money, and shall cause immediate Payment to be made of the Wages due, deducting the Advance Money, and all Defalcations; leaving always six Months Wages unpaid, and no more: And all the Wages due upon any Ship shall be paid as soon as may be, or within two Months at farthest, after the Arrival of such Ship in Port to be laid up.

6. The Month filial consist of twenty-eight Days.

7. Upon Application to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, by any inferior Officer or Seaman who shall then be in the Service, and was absent at the Payment of the Ship to which he did belong,

or

A.D. 1757.

C 10

>79

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

or from the Captain or Commander of any Ship in which such Officer or Seaman shall then serve, in case such Ship shall be in any Port of Great Britain where there is a Commissioner of the Navy, the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, shall immediately send their Pay Books, or Pay Lists made out from them, to such Commissioner, who shall forthwith cause the Wages to be paid to such Officer or Seaman.

8. The Captain, or Commander, shall make out a Ticket upon the Death of every inferior Officer 2nd

Seaman, and shall transmit the same, by the first safe Opportunity, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, who are to assign the same for Payment within one Month after the Receipt thereof; and the same shall be delivered, and Payment thereon made, without Fee or pv.eward, to the Executors or administrators of such Officer or Seaman, or to the Attorney of such Executors or Administrators,

The Captain, or Commander, shall make out a Ticket for every inferior Officer or Seaman who shall he discharged as unserviceable, pursuant to the Directions of the at, and shall send such Ticket, by the first safe Opportunity, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board. The Captain, or Commander, shall not deliver such Ticket to such Officer or Seaman, but shall give him a Certificate of such Discharge, containing an exact Copy of the Ticket, and a description of his Person. The said Commissioners of the Navy shall immediately cause the Day when such Ticket was received to be endorsed thereon, and shall assign the same for Payment within one Month at farthest from the Day of making such Endorsement. And if any such Officer or Seaman shall present such Certificate at the Navy Office, the said Commissioners of the Navy are forthwith to examine such Certificate, and the Person presenting the same; and, being satisfied that the Certificate was made out for such Person, and that he is rendered unserviceable, they shall testify the same on such Certificate. The said Ticket being so assigned, shall be immediately delivered, and Payment made at the Pay Office of the Navy, to such Officer or Seaman, without Fee or Reward, and to no offer Person whatsoever. If the I icket shall not have been transmitted to, and received by, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Money appearing to be due by the Copy of the Ticket in the Certificate, shall be paid in like Manner as if the 'Picket had been received. Such Officer or Seaman being desirous to receive his Wages at any Port in Great Britain where a Commissioner of the Navy resides, may produce his Certificate to such Commissioner of the Navy, who, being satisfied that such Certificate was made out for such Person, and that he is rendered unserviceable, shall sign and transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board; who, within four Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, are to send the Ticket for such Officer or Seaman, or if such Ticket shall not have been transmitted to and received by them, then the said Certificate, containing a Copy of the said Ticket instead thereof, to the Commissioner at such Port; who shall cause immediate Payment thereon to be made, without Fee orreward: And such Commissioner shall send such Officer or Seaman to the nearest Hofipital, where he is to be received and victualled, from the Time of presenting such Certificate until Payment is made. If any such Certificate shall be loftordestroyed, or such Officer or Seaman final] not present the same in Person, or the Money due on any such Ticket shall not be paid before the general Payment of the ship's Company, the Ticket shall be cancelled, and the Wages be payable as if such Ticket and Certificate had not been made out.

10. When any inferior Officer or Seaman shall, by Order of the Captain or Commander, be set sick ashore,

and be sent into any Hospital, or Sick Quarters, such Captain or Commander shall make out a Sick Ticket, for the Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, and transmit the same with such Officer or Seaman to the Hospital, or Sick Quarters; and if such Officer or Seaman shall be regularly discharged from thence as un serviceab'e, a Certificate of his Discharge, with the Sick Ticket annexed thereto, shall be delivered to him: And if he shall present the same to a Commissioner at any Port in Great Britain, such Commissioner being satisfied that such Officer or Seaman is unserviceable, shall sign the same on the Certificate, and forthwith transmit such Certificate, and Sick Ticket, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, who, within four Days after the Receipt thereof, are required to cause a proper Ticket, or Pay List, to be made out for the Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, and to send such Ticket, or Pay List, without Delay, to the Commissioner at such Port, who shall cause immediate Payment of the Wages to be made, without Fee or Reward, to such Officer or Seaman; who, notwithstanding such Discharge, shall be maintained in fuclt Hospital, or Sick Quarters, from the Time he shall present the Certificate, and Sick Ticket, until the Payment shall be made..;

11. The Payment of Tickets, Certificates, or Pay Lists, shall not be delayed, though the Muster or Pay Books be not regularly sent to, and received by, the Commissioners of the Navy; but if any Error shall be made in any Ticket, Certificate or Pay List, the Loss shall be made good out of the Wages of the Captain, or Commander, by whom such Ticket, Certificate, or Pay List, was made out.

12. As often as any Ship which shall not be in a Port of Great Britain, or on the Coast thereof, shall have twelve Months Wages due, the Captain, or Commander, shall cause the Names of all the inferior Officers and Seamen to be called over, and each to answer to his Name, and shall do the same at the End of every six Months, when twelve Months, or more Wages, shall be due: And if any such Officer or Seaman shall then declare, or deliver in Writing, the Name and Place of Abode of his Wife, Father or Mother, and desire that the Whole, or any Part of his Wages then due, except the Wages due for the aft fix' Months, (hold be paid to such Wise, Father or Mother, by the Receiver-general of the Land Tax for any County, Riding or City, or Collector of the Customs for any Port, or Collector of the Excise for anyr Collection in Great Britain, or the Clerk of the Cheque at any Dock Yard the Captain, or Commander, ! is strictly required to cause four Lists to be made out of the Persons so desiring to make such Remittances, and shall tnmsmit such Lists, by the first safe Opportunity, without Delay, to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, who, on Receipt thereof, shall immediately make out two Bills pursuant to the di d reclions of the act, for the Payment of the Wages so allotted fiyeach Person; of which Bills shall bet sent to the Persons respectively specified in such Lists, and the other to such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque: And if the Person to whom any such Bill is ferit, shall, within six Months from the Date thereof, produce.and deliver the same to such Receiver., Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, together with

C 2 0.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

a Cerificate that such Person is the Wife, Father or Mother of such Officer or Seaman respectively, under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens, or, in Scotland, of the Minister and two Elders, of the pa rdh where such Person was married, or resides, Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, upon being satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, is immediately, without Fee or Reward, to pay the Sum mentioned in such Bill, taking a Receipt. Such Bill, together with the Duplicate thereof, being produced at the Navy Office, final 1 be immediately assigned for Payment by the Commissioners of the Navy, and repaid by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, or their Order respectively; if Payment of the said Bill be not demanded of such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, and the Duplicate of the said Bill, together with a proper Certificate, be not produced and delivered to them respectively, within six Months from the Date thereof, the Bill is to be returned and cancelled, and the Sum contained therein is to become payable to such inferior Officer or Seaman when the Ship shall be paid.

13. In like Manner, when Wages shall be paid at the Pay Office, or at any of the Out Ports, if any inferior Officer or Seaman shall be desirous to remit the Whole or Part of his Wages to his Wife, Children, Parents, or any other Person, and to have a Bill for the same drawn upon any such Receiver, Collector or Clerk of the Cheque, two Bills are to be made out, one of which is to be delivered to such Officer or Seaman, and the other to be lent to such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, who is to pay immediately the Sunt therein mentioned, without any Fee or Reward, taking a Receipt. Such Bill, together with the Duplicate thereof, being produced at the Navy Office, shall be immediately assigned for Payment by the Commissioners of the Navy, and be repaid, by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, or their Order respectively: if Payment of the said Bill be not demanded of such Receiver, Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, and the Duplicate of the said Bill shall not be produced and delivered to them respectively within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, the Bill is to be returned and cancelled, and the Sum contained therein is to be immediately paid to such Officer or Seaman, or other Person duly authorised to receive the same.

14. If any such Receiver Collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall not have in his Hands Money to answer any Bill tendered by such Wise, Father or Mother, aforesaid, and shall refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, he is immediately to endorse on such Bill the Cause of his Refusal or Delay, and appoint for Payment some Day within two Months after such Tender; and if, upon Complaint to the commissioners respectively appointed to manage the Land Tax, Customs or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, respectively, it shall appear, that any such Receiver, collector, or Clerk of the Cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed Payment, or that he, or any Person employed by or under him, hath taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount or Deduction, on account of Payment of any such Bill, such Commissioners may fine such Offender in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds.

15. The Wages, Pay and Allowances, earned by any indentured Apprentice, shall be paid to his Matter, as hath been usual, unless such Apprentice was above eighteen Years of Age when his Indentures were executed, or shall be rated as a Servant to any Officer to whom such Apprenticeship is not known; in which Case, such Officer shall be entitled to the Pay and Wages of such Servant, according to the usual Practice of the Navy, until such Officer shall be informed of such Apprenticeship.

16. Captains or Commanders of Ships are to transmit from time to time to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Board, complete Pay Books, Lists and Tickets, and also once in every two Months complete Mutter Books, under the Penalty of forfeiting all their Wages to the Chest at Chatham, and of being liable to such further Punishment as a court-martial shall infiidt; except in Cases of Necessity, to be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty.

17. The Tickets, Certificates, Pay Lists and Bills, shall be sufficient Vouchers to the Treasurer of the Navy for the Payments thereon.

18. Captains, or Commanders, issuing any Tickets other than such as as are directed by the Act, shall be subject to a Penalty of fifty Pounds for every Ticket, and shall forfeit all their Wages to the Chest at Chatham.

19. No Captain, or Commander, shall be liable to any Penalty for any Offence against the al before the first of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, unless he he hath previously received this abstract.

20. No Letters of Attorney made by inferior Officers or Seamen, or their Executors or Administrators, for receiving Wages or Allowances of Money, shall be valid, unless declared therein to be revocable; and unless the same, if made by any such Officer or Seaman then in the Service, be signed before, and attested by, the Commander and one other of the signing Officers of the Ship, or by a Clerk of the Cheque: And if made by any such Officer or Seaman after his Discharge from the Service, unless the same be signed before, and attested by, the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the Town or Place where such Officer or Seaman shall then reside; or unless the Letter of Attorney, if made by such Executors or Administrators, be signed before, and attested by, the Minister and Churchwardens, or, in Scotland, by the Minister and two Elders, of the Parish where such Executors or Administrators reside.

21. All Letters of Attorney, other than such as are made in Manner aforesaid, and all Bargains, Sales, Bills of Sale, Contrails, Agreements and Assignments, concerning Wages or Money to inferior Officers or Seamen, shall be null and void.

22. No more than one Shilling shall be taken by any Ecclesiastical Court, or other Person for the Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration, granted to the Widows, Children, Fathers, Mothers, Brothers or Sisters, of inferior Officers, Seamen or Marines, dying in the Service, and for the Pains, Trouble and Expense, attending the same, unless the Goods and Chattles are of the Value of twenty Pounds; nor more than two Shillings, unless such Goods and Chattles are of the Value of forty Pounds; nor more than three Shillings, unless such Goods and Chattles are of the Value of sixty Pounds; Nor more than one Shil

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. ir.

ling for issuing Commissions to swear such Widows, Children, Fathers, Mothers, Brothers or Sisters, being Executors or Administrators to inferior Officers, Seamen or Marines, and for the Pains, Trouble and Expense, attending the same, unless the Goods and Chattles are of the Value of twenty Pounds; nor more than two Shillings, unless the Goods and Chattles are of the Value of forty Pounds; nor more than three Shillings, unless the Goods and Chattles are of the Value of sixty Pounds; under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to be paid by the Offender to the Party aggrieved.

23. Whoever willingly and knowingly shall personate, or falsely assume, the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume, the Name or character of any Officer, Seaman or other Person, entitled to Wages, Pay, Allowances or Prize. Money, for Service done on Board of any Ship of the Royal Navy, or the Executor, Administrator, Wise, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer, Seaman or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances or Prize Money, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances or Prize Money, or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure a false Oath to be taken, to obtain the Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Allowances or Prize Money, shall be guilty of Felony, and suffer Death.

24. When the Pay Books are closed, Tickets shall be made out at the Navy Office to the Seamen who shall not have received their Wages, and such Tickets shall be paid in Course once a Month.

25. British Governors, Ministers and Consuls, residing at Foreign Parts, or where no such are present,

any two British Merchants, are required to provide for Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, who, by Shipwreck, Capture or other unavoidable Accident, shall be in Foreign Parts, or who shall bedif charged there as unserviceable from the Royal Navy, and 'subsist: them at six Pence per Diem each; and send them home as soon as conveniently may be, in any Ship belonging to the Royal Navy, or in any Merchant Ship..',

26. Masters of Ships shall be allowed six Pence per Diem for all such Men and Boys as shall exceed their Compliment.

27. Seamen shall not be taken out of the Service for any Debt under twenty Pounds:

28. But Creditors may file a Common Appearance, so as to entitle them to proceed to Judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, except against the Bodies of such Seamen.

29. Receivers of Seamens Wages taking more than six Pence in the Pound, shall, for every Offence, forfeit fifty Pounds; and if any such Offender be a Clerk, Officer or Servant, in an Office belonging to the Navy, he shall also lose his Place, and be incapable of holding any Place of Profit in any such Office.

30. Clerks, Officers and Servants, in Offices belonging to the Navy, taking Fees (not allowed by the act) for doing anything directed by the act, shall be subject to the same Forfeitures.

31. Part of several Acts made in the ninth and tenth Years of King William the Third, and in the fourth Year of Queen Anne, and in the first Year of King George the Second, and also another Act made in the said first Year of King George the Second, relating to Seamen, are repealed.

32. This Abstract, together with the Articles of War, shall be printed, and kept hung up in the moss:

public Place of every Ship of the Royal Navy, that it may be accessible to all inferior Officers and Seamen; and every Captain and Commander, shall cause the same to be read over once in every Month after the Articles of War are read, and the Reading the same shall be attested by the Captain or Commander, and signing Officers, at the Foot of the Muster Books: To the End that every Seaman in the Royal Navy may know the Punishments he is liable to for any Neglect or Disobedience, and the Encouragements he is entitled to by the Performance of his Duty; and that upon suffering any Injury, he may be enabled to lay his Complaint before the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, who are by the act sa farter directed to inquire into the same, and to grant Redress, if such Complaint be justly founded; and to take 32 Geo. ic. 24* especial Care that this act be punctually carried into Execution. f. 3 3 ovo. c. 19.

r 1 1 a Geo. 3. C lb,

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend an act made in the third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen For $r, er Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation, and applying the Defeats of the former Vrovifiem con laws for the Settlement of the Poor, so far as the same relates to Apprentices gaining a Set ^/erfo tlement by Indenture, and also to empower Justices of the Peace to determine Differences 2 caf between Masters and Mistresses and their Servants in Husbandry, touching their Wages, cl ry.!312/* though such Servants are hired for less Time than a Year. 8 & 9

C 30s9 & 10

W. 3. C II 12 Ann ft&t* I. c 18. 5 Geo. j. C 8.9 Gey. 1. C 7. z'^eo. r. 28, 3 Geo. 2. c. 29. 17 Geo. 3. c. 3^ 37 & jg.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Ma

RY, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation, and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, it is enacted, That if any Person shall be hound an Apprentice by Indenture,

and inhabit in any Town or Parish, such Binding and Inhabitation shall be adjudged a good Settlement:

And whereas since the making the said act, great Numbers of Persons have been unwarily bound Apprentices by certain Deeds, Writings or Contracts, not indented, by which binding many of them have suffered great Loss and Damage, on Account of their having been refused a Settlement in such Town or

Parish, where they have been so bound and resided forty Days, and have been removed to the Parish or Place

where their last legal Settlement was before such Apprenticeship, where they have had no Encouragement to exercise their Trades, or Opportunity to gain a Livelihood by their said Trades to which they were f?

bound apprentices for Relief therefore of such Apprentices, and for preventing the like Mischief for the

181

182 C i 2, i 3

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Person bound Apprentice by Deed.src. though not indented, being first duly Tramped, is ir. ttried to a Set'where apprenticed. Judgement, &rc. to the contrary made before i May 1758, not to be avoided hereby.

Act 20 Geo. 2. r. 19.

Feeited Act extended to Servants employed in Husbandry,

Ye

[Preamble.]

the Future; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person vho stir.ll have been bound an Apprentice, or who shall hereafter be bound an Apprentice, by any Deed, V Airing or Contrail, not indented, being fira legally Aamped, shall be liable to be removed from the Town, Parish or Place where he or file shall have been so bound an Apprentice, and resident forty Days, by virtue of any Order of Removal, granted by two juaices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place; or by virtue of any Order of the juaices at their General or Quarter sessions, by Reason or on Account of such Deed, Writing or Contrail, not being indented only.

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein before enabled, shall extend, or be conarued to extend, to set aside or make void any Judgement, Order or Decree, which shall have been made as aforesaid, before the fira Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of his present majeay's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better adj lifting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regtt lation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices; it is en aided, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, all Complaints, Differences and Disputes, which shall arise between maaers or miarefies, and Servants in hnaiandry, who shall be hired for one Year dr longer, or which shall happen or arise between maaers and miareaes and Artificers, Handicraftsmen, Miners, Colliers, Keelmcn, Pitmen, Glaflfnen, Potters and other Labourers, employed for any certain Time, or in any other Manner, hall be heard or determined by one or more juaice or juaices of the Peace, for the Place where such maaer or Act Arefs shall inhabit: And whereas Doubts have arisen whe there the Words any Labourers employed for any certain Time, or in any other Manner, extend to Ser vants in Husbandry hired for a less Time than one Year; For obviating the said Doubts, Be it enaife 1 by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, 'and all and every Clause and Matter therein contained, shall from and after the said fira Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, be deemed and con arued to extend to all Servants employed in Husbandry, though hired for a leis Time than one Year'; any thou h hired Tor t^.'ng in the said recited Act of the twentieth Year of his present majeay's Reign, or any other Act con a less Time than twined to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An Act to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called i, 'i ftjy ascertaining the Tithe thereof there.

Whereas Madder is an Ingredient essentially necessary in dyeing and Callicoe Printing, and of great Consequence to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom; and may be raised therein equal in Goodness, if not superior, to any Foreign Madder: And whereas the encouraging of the Growth thereof in this Kingdom, willbe a Saving of a very large Sum of Money, which is now paid for that Commodity imported Duty free from Abroad; and will ..also be a Means of employing great Numbers of Poor in the Winter Months: And whereas the ascertaining of the Tithe of madder will be th, e greatest f Means of encouraging the Growth of that Commodity in this Kingdom: 'May.it therefore please your majeay, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king sunoa Excellent majeay, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fira Day of August, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, all and every Person and Persons who shall plant, grow, raise or cultivate, or cause to be planted, grown, raised or cultivated, any Madder in any Parish or Place within that part of Great Britain called England, shall pay, or cause to be paid, to every Parson, Vicar, Curate or Impropriator of any such Parish or Place, the Sum of five, Shillings, and no more, yearly and every Year, for each Acre of Madder so planted, grown, raised or cultivated, and so pfo portionably for more or less Ground so planted or cultivated, in lieu of all manner of Tithe of Madder; for the Recovery of which Sum or Sums of Money, the Parson, Vicar or Impropriator, shall have the common and usual Remedy allowed of by the Laws of this Realm.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Madder shall be carried oft' the Ground on which it grows, before the Sum or Sums of Money herein before directed to be taken in lieu of Tythes, he paid to the Person or Persons respectively entitled to receive the same.

III. Provided also, That this Aitg or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any 'Lands discharged by any Modus Decimandi, ancient Composition, or fither Discharge of Tythes by Law.

IV. Provided always, and be it eiiaisled by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for the Space of fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia

CAP. XIII.

An Act for allowing a further Time for holding the first Meetings of Commissioners or True flees for putting in Execution certain Acts made in the last Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the lnft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times for the jirjl Meetings of Conwiijfoners or trujlr.es for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament; it was enacted, That in case any Act of Parliament had passed, or did, or should pal's, at any Time whatsoever, during that Session of Parliament, upon or after the Day specified in any 4. i'tich Act for the first Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees appointed to put the same, or any Part

_. 1 thereof,

Madlrr to pay 5 s per Acre, Tithe,

and not to be rim 'i"d till t tl.c be paid

A nrt to cx tinj r Lants ri/i harped of

Tube, He.

anr. to be in ment and 110 longer boice 14^cats. 5

Preamble, rer tine Act 30 Co .'*. 1 27.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 14; 183

K thereof, in Execution; in each and every such Case, such Commissioners or Trustees respectively, or the same Number of such respective Commissioners or Trustees, as vas, or should be authorised to hold such

Acts Adcs

for holding their first Meeting,: And whereas the said fourteen Days have been found in Experience too

(hurt a Time for the holding the first Meeting in some of the Cases a fore said, in a proper Manner, where by several Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, with respect to the due Execution of fume of the said Acts Be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

or the same, That such Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Acts as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts commifllners thereof, in Execution respectively, or the same Number of such respective Commissioners or rustees as for certain as was or were authorised to hold such first Meeting, or any greater Number of them, shall and may hold a of the List Sef meeting on the twenty first Day after the Day of the passing.of this Act, at such Places as were respectively fion>are torneet appointed in such Acts, for holding the first Meetings on the Days therein specified; all such Commis nr

sioners or Trustees, or any sufficient Number of them, as aforesaid, being so assembled respectively, on Xa, and put the the said twenty first Day after the Day of the passing of this Act, shall and may proceed to the Execution f?.me then in 0 such Acts respectively, and then, and from time to.time afterwards, adjourn, and do and perform all such Execution, Matters and Things, and execute all such Powers and Authorities, as are mentioned or granted to them re pedlivek in the said Acts, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if uch Commissioners or Trustees had been assembled, in pursuance of, and on the respective Days specified or appointed in such respective Acts for holding the first Meeting of such Commissioners or Trustees 3 anything in the said Acts or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. NIV.

An Act for further explaining the Laws touching the Electors of Knights of the Shire to For former Lam serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England. touchingeicm*

0 refer to 7 II 4*

C 15. 11 II 4. C 1. i H. 5. C 1. 8 II 6. C 7. 10 II 6. C 2. 23 11. 6. C 74. 7 W. 3. C 4. 7 8 IV 3. C 7 f 25. 10 11 IV 3, C 7. 6 Ann.

C 7 23.9As. C 5, 10 Ann. C 19 £? 23. 2 Go. 2. C 24. 8 Get., 2. C 30. 1 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; it is enacted, That no Person shall vote at the 6 Election of any Knight or Knights of'a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, or Princi pality of Wales, without having a Freehold Estate in the County for which he votes, of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same:

"And whereas, r, qtv/itmlanding, the said Act, certain Persons who hold their Estates by Copy or Court Roll, pretend to 11, e aright to vote, and have, at certain Times, taken upon them to vote at such Elec tions; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Person, who holds his estate by Copy of Court Roll, shall be entitled thereby to vote at the Election of any Knight or Knights of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, or Principality of Wales: And if any Person shall vote in any such Election, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Vote shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Person so voting shall forfeit to any Candidate for whom such Vote shall not have been given, and who shall first sue for the same, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his, her or their Executors and admi nistrators, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts cf Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege or Imparlance shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such Action the Proof shall" lie on the Person against whom such Action shall be brought.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be sufficient for the Plaintiff in any such Action of Debt to set forth in the Declaration or Bill, that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum of fifty Pounds, and to allege the Offence for which the Action or Suit is brought, and that the Defendant hath acted contrary to this Act, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the return thereof; and upon Trial of any Issue in any such Action or Suit, the Plaintiff' shall not be obliged to prove the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the Return thereof, or any Warrant or Authority to the Sheriff grounded upon any such Writ of Summons

[Preamble.]

is Geo. 2. C 1$,

Copyholders disabled from voting for Knights of the Shire; their Vote void, and they to forfeit 50 I,

with full Colls of Suit.

Onus probandi.

plaintiff's Plea in the Acflion upon the Case,

III. Provided always, that every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of nine Ca Limitation cf

Afiions.

Statutes cf Jeofails, c. extended to such Suits.

Plaintiff nonsuited, c. to pay treble Culls, s.e farther 1 33 Geo. 2. c. 20. and 1 Geo. 3. c 15 24.

lendar Months next after the Fact, upon which the f me is grounded, shall have been committed

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Statutes of Jeofails, and Amendments of the Law whatsoever, shall and may be construed to extend to all Proceedings in any such Action or Suit.

[Treble Costs.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it case the plaintiff in any such Action or Suit, shall discontinue the same, or be nonsuiteeg or Judgement be otherwise giver against him, then, and in any of the said Cases, the Defendant, against whom such Action or Suit shall have been brought, shall recover his

1

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

C 1 C 1 6.

[Preamble.]

Fsrfirmer Duties cn Culm refer to g £? 10 jy,

3. C 13. 8 Ann, t C 4.9Anr. C 6.

5 Geo. l. c. 9.

Culm may be exported for 15 Years,

upon Payment of 1 s. per Chalder Duty j

and the Exporter giving Security thereof,

of landing the same at Litbon only,

and returning a Certificate thereof within iz ?>lonths.

Ship and Culm olheru iic to be forfeited.

Duty' to be levied, cas the Doty upon Coals.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal.

WHEREAS since the late dreadful Earthquake at Lisbon, a considerable Demand bath arisen for Culm to be there used, in the burning or calcining of Lime, for the Purpose of rebuilding of the said City, and the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, under a small Duty, will greatly contribute to the more speedy and effectual rebuilding of the said City, as well as to the Encouragement of the Trade

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Trtblc Cofis. bee 33 Geo. 2. c. 11.

and Navigation of this Kingdom / May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, for and during the Term of fifteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to export any Quantity or Quantities of Culm to the City of Lifbcn, in the Kingdom of Portugal, upon Payment of a Duty of one Shilling for every Chalder new cajile measure) of Culm so exported, and no more, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; so as the Exporter shall, before the lading of such Culm, or laying the same on Board, become bound with other sufficient Security in treble the Value thereof, to the Commissioners or Chief Officer or Officers of hi's majesty's Customs, belonging to the Port or Place where such Culm shall be shipped or put on Board (who hath or have hereby Power to take such Security in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use, and for which Security no See or Reward shall be given or taken) that such Culm shall be landed at lif bon, in the Kingdom of Portugal, and not elsewhere; that a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul General, or Deputy Consul residing at Lisbon, shall, within twelve Calendar Months from the Date of the said Bonds (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be returned to the Officers who took the said Bonds, that such Culm hath been landed at Lisbon \ and in case the Ship or vessel on which any Culm shall be put on Board, for which such Security ought to be given, shall depart or go out of Port before such Security is given, in every such Case the Ship or vessel, and the Culm therein, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, One Moiety thereof to the Use of the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who will seize, inform or sue for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty on Culm exported to Lifi > ben shall be raised, collected, levied, recovered and paid, in the same Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways and Methods, as the Duties payable to his Majesty upon the Exportation of Coals are, by virtue of any Law or Statute now in Force, to be raised, collected, levied or recovered.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against: any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Acts, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this at: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants hall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enforce and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his prefers majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably 3 and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to establish a Method of managing the same, and applying the Rents and Prof's thereof, for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

l'rcnmlile, reciting Clauses in Act,

20 Geo. 2. c. 4r.

25 Geo 2. r. 41.

1 the Lands, Lordships, Baronies, Patronages, Tythes, Fishings and other like Here

tages of Donald Cameron of Lochiel, Charles Stewart of Ardjheil, Donald Alack Donald of Kinlochmcy dart, Evan Macphcrfon of Clunic, Francis Buchanan of Amprior, Donald Mack Donald of Loclgarry, Allan Cameron of Collart, Francis Farquharson of Momltrec, and Alexander Mack Donald of Keppcch, by their Attainders of High Treason for their being engaged in the late unnatural and wicked Rebellion, became forfeited and vested in his Majesty, by virtue of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vrj/ing in his Afajrjiy the Estates of certain Traitors, and for niore effectually dif covering the same, and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty, and for aj certaining and faiisfy ing the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to cfabiish a Method of managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future', reciting, That the Lands and Estates of the said Donald Cameron of Lochicl, and die several other Persons therein before mentioned, which by virtue of the

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17. 185

before mentioned Act of the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and of the said Persons Attainder of High Treason, became vested in his Majesty, were held of Subject Superiors, who had entered Claims in the Court of Session to the Property thereof; it is, amongst other Things, enadbed, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by proper Persons to be appointed for that Purpose, under his or their Sign Manual, to transact or compound with such Subject Superiors, concerning their Claims to the Property of the said forfeited Estates held of them respectively: And whereas his Majesty has been pleased, by his Royal Sign Manual, dated the twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, to appoint James West and Nicholas Harding, Esquires, to transact and compound with the said Subject Superiors, and considerable Progress has been made therein: And whereas Claims have been entered in the Court of Session, in Terms of the said Act of the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, by sundry Creditors of the said forfeiting Persons, upon the said forfeited Estates: And whereas the said Transactions and Compositions cannot be concluded, and the Price to be paid to the Subjedb Superiors ascertained, until the said Claims, entered in the Court of Session by the Creditors of the said forfeiting Persons, are inquired into, and the Extent of them ascertained, which cannot be done without the Authority and Interpolation of Parliament: For Remedy whereof, and for rendering effectual the good and valuable Purposes intended by the said in Part recited Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice of the'

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Court of Session in Scotland, shall, and is hereby authorised and required to proceed Court of pdton

upon and determine all Claims entered, or that shall be entered, by virtue of and in Terms of the before 10 pr°ceed V

mentioned Act of the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, by the Creditors of the said Donald Cameron

of Lochicl, Charles Stewart of Ardjheil', Donald Mack Donald of Kinlochmoydavt, Evan Macpherson of clur.ie, ter2(i by the C ?-

Francis Buchanan of Amtrior, Donald Mack Donald of Lochgarry, Allan Cameron of Callart, Francis Farquhar ditors of the for

Jon of Monaltry, and Alexander Mack Donald of Keppoch, upon the Lands and Estates of the said forfeiting feited Estates.

Persons, or upon any other Lands and Estates vested in his Majesty by the aforesaid Act of the twentieth

Year of his Majesty's Reign, held of Subject Superiors, according to the Rules and Regulations, and in

the Manner and Form prescribed by the above mentioned Act of the twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for determining Claims entered upon the Estates of forfeiting Persons holding of the Crown.

II. And whereas it is necessary to determine and ascertain the annual Produce or Value of the said Estates Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Adbions may be brought before the Court aft ons may !e of Section, at the Instance of his Majesty's Advocate, for proving the said annual Value and Rental, and also the Value of the said Lands and real Estates; which Adbions shall be served against the Defendants, houngvhean and shall otherways be proceeded in before the Court of Session, in the same Way and Manner, and agree nual Rental and able to the Rules and Regulations prescribed by the said Act of the twenty fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Value, concerning the Valuation of the other forfeited Estates annexed to the Crown.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Decree or Determination of the Dcctee

Court of Session in the said Matters and Things, shall be final and binding upon the Subject Superiors, and Court tobe?na, > all other Persons and Parties concerned, in calc Application for reversing or amending such Decrees is not Jionfufrev rfing duly made in the Manner prescribed, and within the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act of the the same be'*B twenty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign. made within a

IV. And, to the End that the Interest of the Subject Superiors may no ways be prejudged, it is hereby limited Time,

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Subject Superiors, Subie, ct ^p'ri by themselves, or by their Counsel, to appear in the said Court when the Claims entered upon the said ^c^urr1^1" Estates respectively held of them, or when the said Adbions of Valuation are heard and determined, and to objea, when the objedb thereto as they shall see Cause. Claims are entered,

or Actions of Valuation h ard.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall be con Rights of the strued to hurt or prejudice the Right accruing to his Majesty, by the Forfeiture of the foresaid Persons, or Crown and of to invalidate or destroy the Claim of the said Subject Superiors duly entered in the Court of Session to the the subjk7 Su Property of the said Estates.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences within the said City and Liberty.

[Preamble, re

WHEREAS an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a f efficient Number of Cot fables for the Service of the City and Liberty of citins the Act

Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to prevent Nuisances and 29 'c0, z 2 S'

other Offences within the said City and Liberty: And whereas Difficulties have arisen in ascertaining, who ought, in many Cases, to repair Pavements and remove Annoyances, and the said Act hath in other Re

spedbs been found insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereby intended: Therefore, to render the Repairs of Pave, same more effectual; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ments> and Re Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this present Parliament assembled, and be^ngme by the Authority of the same, That all Pavements, within the said City and Liberty, belonging or oppo to 5

site to Churches, or other public Buildings or Grounds, winch are the Property of any Parish, and which Churches, pub of Right ought to be repaired by such Parish, hall, from time to time be repaired, and ke»t in Repair lick Buildings or vol.vili. Bb 1.1 'and Grounds, to.be

C 17,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Jonc by the and also all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the Churchwardens of such Pari fit for the time Churchwardens; being; and all Pavements belonging or opposite to Markets, shall be repaired and kept in Repair, and all' - Annoyances l>eionging thereto be removed, by the Proprietors of such Markets, their Agents or Lessees; and Vninkzers Pavements belonging or opposite to Hospitals, alms houses, charitable Foundations, and all other public

t. Hcfpaa's, Buildings, not being the Property of any Parish, shall be repaired, and all Annoyances belonging thereto alrr.s houses, be removed, by the principal Officer or Person residing in such Buildings respectively, who are hereby de cr.3r; tafcis Foun cared to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and all Pavements belonging or opposite to Lands and the' r? cfcaby Grounds, or adjoining to any Wall or Pence, where no Houses are eredfed or built, shall be repaired, and o.ticer^thereof Annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the Owners of such Lands and Grounds, or other per an 1 to private son or Persons, who of Right' ought to repair such Pavements, or remove such Annoyances, as the Case Grounds, by the shall be: And it shall be lawful for the said Annoyance Jury appointed by the said recited al, and quali own is. fied as tsaerein; s directed, or any twelve or more of them, and they are hereby required to present all bad ann^y ncc^jury an(j defective Pavements, and all Annoyances belonging or opposite to all such Buildings, Places and F ments and Grounds, as aforesaid, first leaving Notice in Writing with such Churchwardens, Proprietors of Markets, Annoyances, " their Agents or Lessees, principal Officers or Persons residing in such Buildings, or Owners of such Grounds, giving Mo as aforesaid, or affixing the same upon some Public Part of such Buildings, or on the Walls or Fences of tke of the.r in such Grounds, where any defetffive Pavements or Annoyances shall be found, of their Intention to present p°rfo, es the same; and in case such Churchwardens, Proprietors of Markets, their Agents or leftces, principal of anvffthe"fanie* ficers, or Persons residing in such Buildings, or Owners of Grounds, as aforesaid, shall not within four b. c. nor a r.ended, teen Days next after such Notice given, cause such Pavements to be amended, and Annoyances to be rear removed moved, then the said Jury shall amerce the said Churchwardens, Proprietors of Markets, their Agents or within 14 Days, Lessees, principal Officers, or Persons aforesaid, in such Sum or Sums of Moneyas they shall think pro ihi'/p«rfcns ac Per accor^'ng to the Nature of the Offence, not exceeding forty Shillings for any one Offence.

cording to the Nature ol" the Offence.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Buildings or Grounds, in all Places within the said City and Liberty, 111 nil be subject and liable to repair the Pavements belonging or opposite to any such Houses, Buildings or Grounds; and it shall be lawful for all Tenants to dedutr and detain out of their Rent due or to grow due, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall have expended in repairing such Pavements, according to Notice to be given for that Purpose by the Annoyance Jury, as aforesaid (except in such Cases only where Tenants are by any Covenant, Contrail or Agreement, to keep such Pavements in Repair at their own Expense) any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the Pavements within the Limits aforesaid are frequently broken up and damaged by Persons belonging to the several Proprietors of Waterworks, and are often relaid with bad Materials, C or in an improper Manner; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Paviour, Agent, Servant or other Person, belonging to or employed by any of the Proprietors

swjterwi? vv'^e dama2c any Pavement within the said City and Liberty, such Paviour, Agent, Servant or other per arcto be relaid' son, shall cause the same to be relaid or repaired as soon as conveniently may be, with good durable Stone bvthem in a and Gravel, and in a substantial and workman like Manner; and in case they shall not relay or repair such substantial Man Pavement with all convenient Speed, and to the Satisfaction of the Person to whom the same belongs, such Person may at any Time within fourteen Days next after such Pavement shall have been broken up or damaged, as aforesaid, apply to the Foreman, or to any one of the Annoyance Jurymen, of the Division for the Parish wherein such Pavement shall be, who, upon such Application, is hereby required, together with six or more of the Jurymen for that Division, to view the Premises in Question; and if upon their View it shall appear to them that such Pavement hath not been relaid in due Time, or in the Manner before directed, the said Jurymen shall direct the Person to whom such Pavement belongs, or who is liable to repair the same, to cause the same to be relaid or repaired in a proper Manner; and when such Pavement shalt have been relaid or repaired, according to the Direction of the said Jurymen, the Person to whom such Pavement belongs, and who shall have caused such Pavement to be relaid or repaired, as aforesaid, may applyto a Court, to be held by the Dean of we/hninster for the time being; or the High Steward of the City and Liberty of Westmwjier for the time being, or his Deputy; the two Chief Burgesses of Westminster, and the other Burgesses, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, or one of the said two Chief Burgesses, to be one; and upon such Application made, the said Court are hereby required to examine into the Premises, upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer to any Person or Persons for that Purpose;,) the said Jury, or any twelve or more of them, shall at the said Court amerce any Collector, Paviour, Agent, Servant, or any other Person belonging to or employed by any of the Proprietors of Water Works, upon whose Account such Pavement shall have been broken up or otherwise damaged, and which shall not have been relaid or repaired as before directed, in so much Money, as shall, upon such Examination, appear to the said Court to have been justiy expended in ^ccc!_ relaying or repairing fych Pavements; and also in a further Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than inr 4r' nr left twenty Shillings, for every such Neglecff or Offence; which Money so expended in relaying or repairing than 20 s. for such Pavement, shall, when recovered, be forthwith paid lay the said Court, to the Person who shall have such Neglect. caused such Pavement to be rclaid or repaired, according to the Direction of the said Jurymen, as aforesaid.

Pm 'hr Court is

IV. Provided always, That no such Amerciament shall be fetor imposed upon any such Collector, pa tn r vc Notice to yjour, Agent, Servant or Person aforesaid, unless three Days Notice in Writing shall have first been given the \mr'iciimrn't^e Gourt to such Collector, Paviour, Agent, Servant or other Person aforesaid.

F imputed. V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Paviour, or other pivirnr belong Person or Persons belonging to any Company of Water Works, shall break or take up, or otherwise da

in u Water't' mage,

ner, and in a convenient Time.

j11 Default, the Annoyance Jury, upon com p'a'.nt, and View thereof, n ay d.reifl the p.opricrt r to riliy the lame, and ujon his Application to the Court, an! Pro f of the c.iargts,

the Jury rrc to a 1 free the cumpany's Aecnr in tnc same,

and foin a

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 17. isj

mage, any Pavement within the said City and Liberty, without first giving Notice in Writing, by what Company of Waterworks he or they are employed, to the Proprietor or Occupier of the House, Ground, Wall or Building, to which such Pavement hall belong or appertain, or by affixing fuel) Notice upon some conspicuous Part of such House, Ground, Wall or Building, where the Proprietor or Occupier cannot be found; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: in case any such Paviour, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall break up or damage any Pavement as aforesaid, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, every such Person shall be amerced by the said Jury in any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings for every Offence.

VI. And whereas the long Time allowed by the said recited act, for removing Annoyances, in some Cases hath been found inconvenient: For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the said Annoyance Jury shall, upon their own View and Knowledge, find any Annoyances, Obstructions or Encroachments, upon any of the public Ways, Streets or Passages, within the said City and Liberty, of such a Nature as to require as speedy Removal as may be, or which can be removed within a less Time than fourteen Days, it shall be lawful for the said Jury, by an Order in Writing, left at the House of the Person who shall have caused or suffered such annoyance, Obstruction or Encroachment, to direct such Person to remove the faine within a reasonable Time to be specified in such Notice; and if all such Annoyances, obstructions or Encroachments, shall not be removed within such reasonable Time as by the said Notice shall be directed, then the said Jury shall amerce the Person or Persons causing such Annoyance, Obstruction or Encroachment, in such Sum as they shall think proper, not exceeding forty Shillings for any one Offence, t

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Builder, or other Person, shall erect or setup, or cause to be erected or setup, in any of the public Streets, Lanes or Passages, within the said City and Liberty, any Hourd or Fence whatsoever, without a Licence under the Common Seal of the said Court first had and obtained; in which Licence shall be expressed the Length and Breadth of such Hourd or Fence, and also the Time the same shall be allowed to continue; which Licences the said Court are hereby required to grant to all Persons rpplying for the same, under such Restrictions and Limitations, as aforesaid, at the Discretion of the said Court; and no more than five Shillings shall be paid for each Licence; And if any Person shall ereeft, or cause to be ereefted, any Hourd or Fence within the Limits aforesaid, without such Licence, or which shall not be agreeable to the Directions thereof, or shall fufier any Materials for building to remain on the Outside of any Hourd or Fence above the Space of forty-eight Hours, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be amerced by the said Jury in a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings for every such Offence.

VIII. Provided always, That such Licences shall not be construed to extend to be a Defence to any pro fccution for annifance.

IX. And whereas by the said recited Act the said Annoyance Jury are empowered to destroy all unlaw full Weights, Balances and Measures, of Persons dealing by Weight or Measure within the Limits aforesaid; and a Doubt having arisen upon the Construction of such Part of the said Act as relates thereto For obviating whereof, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Weights and Measures made use of by Persons dealing by Weight or Measure, within the said City and Liberty, shall be sized and sealed by the Standards belonging to the said City, and also marked with a port cullis by the Officer already appointed for that Purpose, or by such other Officer as may hereafter be appointed by the said Dean, High Steward or his Deputy, the two Chief Burgesses, and the other Burgesses of Westminster, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Dean, High Steward or his Deputy, always to be one, at a Court to be held for that Purpose (and by no other Person or Persons whatsoeverj which Officer appointed, or to be appointed, is hereby required, upon Application to him made for that Purpose, to seal and mark, in Manner aforesaid, all Weights and Measures which shall be brought to him for that Purpose, and which shall be agreeable to the Standards belonging to the said City; and the said Officer shall demand and receive, for each Weight and Measure so by him sealed and marked, as aforesaid, for his Pains and Trouble therein, the Fees following, and no more; that is to say, For every Bushel, fourpence; for every Half Bushel, twopence; for every Peck, Half Peck and Quarter Peck, one Penny; for all Half Pecks or Quarter Pecks, /)tr Dozen, ten Pence; for every Sack, twopence; for every Ale and Beer Measure, one Farthing; for every hundred Weight, fourpence; for every Half hundred Weight, twopence; for all Pound Weights, and all other Weights under Half a hundredweight, one Halfpenny; for all Ounce Weights, and all other Weights under a Pound, one Farthing: And all Weights and Measures belonging to Persons dealing by Weight or Measure within the said City and Liberty, which shall not be sealed and marked in Manner before directed, shall be deemed unlawful; and it shall and maybe lawful for the said Annoyance ^ury, or any twelve or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to destroy all such. unlawful Weights and Measures, and to amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or the Person in whole pof session the same shall be found, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty Shillings for any one Offence.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'I hat the Officer already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, after all necessary Charges and Expenses attending the Sizing, Sealing and Marking such Weights and Measures as aforesaid, shall have been first deducted, shall, and he is hereby di re£led and required half yearly, within one Calendar Month next after the twenty-fifth Day of March, and the twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, to pay, or cause to be paid to the Deputy Steward of Westminster for the time being, on account of his Trouble and e vpence in attending his Office of D puty' Steward of ivrjhr.hifier, one Moiety of the clear Money arising from or on account of such Sizing, Sealing and Marking as aforesaid.

XI. And, for the better executing the Purposes of the said recited A CL and this present Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Annoyance Juryman shall in any Manner neglect or reb

b i fuse

Work?, before he breaks up any Pavement, is to give Notice to what Company he belongs, under Penalty of 40 s.

Annoyance Jury where requisite may order the speedy Removal of any Annoyances or Obstructions j and if not complied with, may amerce the Offender in a Sum ro: exceeding 40 s.

No Hourd or Fence to be setup in the Street?, without a Licence first had from the Court,

Fee payable for the Licence.

Penalty,

Licence !o be no Defence against Prosecution for a Nuisance.

Weights and Measures to be sized, sealed and marked by the proper Officer.

Officers Fees feeding and marking the same.

Unsealed Weights and Measures n.dy be destroyed as unlawful, and the Ow ners amerced in a Sum not exceeding 40 s.

Sealing Officer to pay half yearly to the Deputy Steward a Moiety of his Profits.

Court, upon Complaint, may amerce Annoy

i 88 C i 7.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

arce Juryman, for Men execu t or of his Of

f.to.

High Conilab'e c obey tiieor

fuse to execute the Duty of his Office of Juryman, it shall be lawful for the said Court, upon Complaint to them mae of any such Neglect or Refusal, to fine such Juryman for every such Offence, in any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the High Constable for the said City and Liberty is hereby required to obey all lawful Orders which he shall from time to time receive from the Laid e'er?ovthe court, Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, at any Court to be held for the said City and Liberty; and all anr Petty Con Petty Constables are required to be aiding and assisting to the High Constable in the Execution of all such rubles to be if Orders and Directions; and if the said High Constable or any Petty Constable, shall refuse or negletff to

Orders, or in any other Manner misbehave in their respetffive Offices, the said Court shall and amerced ny fine any High and Petty Constable, so offending, in any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person within the said City or Liberty of Westminster, shall be liable or compelled to serve as a Constable, or to find a Person to serve in his Stead, who is of the Age of sixty three Years, or upwards; nor hall any Person be liable or compelled to serve either as a Leet of Annoyance Juryman, who is of the Age of seventy Years, or upwards; anything in the said recited Act, or this present act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered to adjourn the Court Leet held for the said City and Liberty, from time to time, as often as shall be convenient; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Leet Juryman appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited AI,

for non' uent neglect or refuse to attend the said Court Leet as often as thereunto required by the said Court, or in nrc) or other any other Manner neglect or refuse to execute the Duty of his Office of Juryman, it shall be lawful for Neglect. the said Court Leet to fine such Juryman for every such Offence, in any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said High Bailiff or his Deputy or de ex tta!j\var P* t i es, 's and are hereby directed and required forthwith to execute all Warrants which he or they have nisof the courtalready received, or may hereafter receive, for levying any Fine fetor imposed, or to be fetor imposed, for

tv the Court Agej Psrfcns ex eo pted from feiving ?s constables, or: s Lret or Annoy ar.ee j.rvmen. Adjournments of the Court

i.eet.

Court may ara

Leet, or Court of bur6esses,

and to pay over lh Sums received, on Penalty of beir g fined by tyre Court.

Fines imposed

any Offences against the said recited Act, or this present Add, from the said Court Leet, or from the said Court of Burgesses, or from any Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall have been, or may be convicted for any Offence against the said Acts, or either of them; and in case the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall refuse or neglect to execute any such Warrant or Warrants, as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or to pay over all such Fines as as he shall, from time to time, receive by virtue of any such Warrant or Warrants, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, or this present Add, it shall and may he lawful for the said Court Leet, or Court of Burgesses respectively, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to fine such fligh Bailiff, or his Deputy or h. Deputies, so offending, in any Sum not exceeding five Pounds for every such Offence; and if any Pine or

jjv' "for Defines fetor imposed upon the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, by the said Court Leet, or fault in the Pre court of Burgesses, as aforesaid, shall remain unpaid for the Space of one Calendar Month next after the m.tics, to fceie same shall have been so fetor imposed, the High Constable of the City and Liberty of tveftmirjler, is here v id by the High by authorised and required by any Warrant or Warrants from the said Court Leet, or Court of Burgesses ifsict ai T, C respectively> directed to him for that Purpose, to levy all and every such Fine and Fines, so to be fetor 1 'ic ar! "c'imposed on the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, as aforesaid, by Distress of the Goods and Chattles of the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within five Days next after such Distress made, tendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner upon Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, as High Bill ft to a*o. efatd.

retain Fourth

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of the fires lehigh Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, to retain in his or their Hand or Hands, one fourth Part of the fe vied by him; Veral Sums of Money that shall be levied by him or them, for the respective Fines set by virtue of this or the said recited at, in Confederation of his or their Trouble and Expence in levying the same, and pay over 'he

XVII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the remaining kcrn?ird; r to three fourth Parts of the said Fines shall he paid over by the said High Bailiff, his Deputy or Deputies, to that px; L CL le respective Overseers of the several Parishes in Westminster, within the like Time, and applied by them be aft lied as the to the same Uses and Purposes, as are directed by the said recited al, with respect to the Whole of such former Act di Jilies.

"As.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Amerciaments which

fir.c; 2nd Amer shall be fetor imposed upon any Person by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be levied, re ria rirjits m pc covered and applied, except where the same are directed to be otherwise levied, recovered, applied or dif wdirrc o*h<rwife P of by this AI, in the same Manner as the Fines and Amerciaments fetor imposed^by the said recited dir Aid to I.? aft, are thereby directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

icvvrd and applied as the former Act diiefh.

High bj.liss to

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said High Bailiff', or his Deputy or de cou^htnovt.put'cs' from time to time, transmit to the said Court of Burgesses, an Account in Writing of nil Fines

- to and Amerciaments by him levied or received, in pursuance of this or the said recited aist; and that the Eurgrfils, tn 1 e Clerk of the said Court of Burgesses shall, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, make a just and due entered, opethpr Entry of all Fines and Amerciaments fetor imposed by virtue of this, or the said recited act, and likewise v/iih the l.icinctan Account of all Moneys received in pursuance thereof, or on Account of Licences granted for creeping a<fc, inc! 'heir^5' Flourds, by virtue of this A!, and the Application of the several Sums so received; which Account the / pvaiinn^in respective Overseers of the several Parishes in Westminster, for the time being, shall have Liberty to inspect

proper Books,

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 18. 189

C mmencement and Continuance of this Act.

Limitation of Actions.

General I(tu?,

at all seasonable and convenient Times, upon Application to the said Clerk, and take Copies thereof so far which may be as relates to the said Fines. inspected by the

Overseers; and Copis taken thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that.this1 Act and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, hall commence and have Continuance from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, that in every such Case, the Action shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere, except such Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be brought, shall remove into and reside in the City of London, in which Case the said Action shall be laid and brought in the said City of London; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Action or Actions to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority hereof; and if it shall appear so to be clone, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City or Place, than the County of M'uldlesex (except in such Case as aforesaid) that then and in such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions; or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXII. Provided always, That this Act, or anything or Matter herein contained, shall not extend to the church or College of Westminster, nor to the Close of Westminster, nor to any Person or Persons inhabiting within the Site, Circuit or precinct of the said Church, College or Close, for any Offence or mif government to be committed by them, or any of them, within the Site, Circuit or Precinct of the said Church, College or Close.

CAP. XVIII.

[Treble Costs.]

Places and Persons exempted from the jurisdiction of the Act.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hie of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of jjleham, Fordham, Sebum and ivicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying and being in the several Parishes of Soharn, preambl ev jjleham and jvicken, in the County of Cambridge, and in the Parish of Stretham cum Fhetford, and

Township of Ely, in the Hie of Ely and County aforesaid, containing in the Whole seventeen thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and which are bounded as follows; (that is to say) From the Hard Lands of jvicken, along the East Bank of the River Cam, otherwise Grant, and the East Bank of the River Ouze,

to the South Bank of the Mildenhall River; and then along the said Bank of the Mildenhall River (in

all the said Banks) to the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Ifeham; and along the Shirts of the Hard Lands of Ifeham, to the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Fordham; and along the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Fordham, to the Skirts of the Hard Lands of Soharn; and along the Skirts of the Hard Lands of So ham,

by Soharn Coates, to the Counter Bank of Soharn Mere and along the West Side of the said Bank to the Hard Lands of jvicken; and then along the Skirts of the Hard Lands of jvicken, to the East Bank of the River Cam, otherwise Grant aforesaid; for diverse Years last past been, and still are, frequently overflowed and annoyed with Waters, through the Defect of their Outfalls to Sea, and thereby rendered of very little Value, to the great Loss and Impoverishment of the Owners of such Lands, and of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places where the same do lie: And whereas the Lid Fen Lands

and Low Grounds cannot be drained and preserved, without the Aid of parliament may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord Bishop of Ely, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Certain Persons ladies, of the several and respective Manor of Soharn and Fordham, Parcel of the Duchy, of Lancaster, Ner aij; °: nted cvm thrrhall, jvigorn, Great Ifeham, with Bar nets Beck, otherwise Reckhall in Ifeham, northeast whau and 'Up ball in (ATT tefj e Ifeham, jvicken, Fhetford in the Jfe, and Stuntney, for the time being, or in his, her or their Absence respectc]10frn' f0[ lhe tive'y, his, her or their respective Agents or Deputies appointed by Writing under his, her or their respectseveral Plans, tive Hands; an Agent appointed by the Dean and Chapter of Ely; an Agent appointed by the Master andta execute the Fellows of Pembroke Hall in Cambridge, for each of their Manors of Soharn Rcktory and Barway under their A' respective Common Seals; every Person who shall be bona fide seized or postell'ed, in his or her own Right,

of two hundred Acres of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, not bing Tenant at rack rent, or, in the ab fence of any such Person, his or her Agent, to be appointed under his or her Hand as aforesaid; also seven Persons so seized or possessed as aforesaid of thirty Acres of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, lying in the Township of Ely; nine Persons so seized or possessed of thirty Acres of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, lying in the said Parish of Soharn; six Persons so seized or possessed of thirty Acres of Land taxed by virtue

190 C 18.

An Agent to be appointee for e very 1 o Acres any comtrif ftoner shall be pohelied of, more than is required far h's own Qualification. Lords and Ladies to appoint Agents in like Manner.

The First commissioners (cr the leveial rates.

Their Continuance.

Future Commissioners to be chosen annually.

corv.mifil oners dying, or becoming difq'u lific I, others to be cliof.n.

Tonne 111v or.co.m m'n'.onrrs act in ', if n .1 qualified.

exccj ti on.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

virtue of this Act, lying in the slid Parish of Ijleham, hereby nominated, and to be chosen as herein after is directed, together with the Agents of such Persons as are herein after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, in Execution.

II. And also be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be bona fide seized or possessed as aforesaid of two hundred Acres, or more, of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, over and above such two hundred Acres as is before mentioned, may, and every such Person is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, one Agent for every two hundred Acres of such Land that such Person shall be so seized or possessed of over and above the first mentioned two hundred Acres, as aforesaid, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners; also, that all and every the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said several and respective Manors for the time being, who shall be bonafi.de seized or possessed as aforesaid of two hundred Acres, or more, of Land taxed by virtue of this Acts, may, and every such Owner is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, an Agent for every twro hundred Acres of such Land that such Lord or Lady shall be so seized or postefl ed of, as aforesaid, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners; that all and every Person and Persons, so appointed, shall, during the Pleasure of the said respective Owners, and the Time that such Owners shall be so seized or possessed, as aforesaid, likewise be, and he is hereby appointed a Commissioner, together with the Persons before mentioned, for putting this Act, and all and every the Powers and Authorities herein contained, in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That William Cole Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Jones Clerk, Rector of Down ham; Henry Morley junior. Gentleman; William Groom, John Lamb, Thomas Gotobed and William Jagg, being severally seized or possessed as aforesaid of thirty Acres of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, lying in the said Township of Ely shall be the first Commissioners in rel pedt of Lands lying in that Township; and that Richard Pechey, William Player, Thomas Wilkin, Gentlemen; John Fletcher, Luke Staples, "James Palmer, Zachary goldjbrozu, Cornelius Harvey and John Taylor, being severally seized or possessed as aforesaid of thirty Aces of such Land, lying in the said Parish of Soh'am, shall be the first Commissioners in respect of Lands lying in that Parish; that Hugh Hare Esquire, Edward Gunston, Robert Knight, John Rumbclow, George gunston and William Sharp, being severally seized or pof fefi ed as aforesaid of thirty Acres of such Land, lying in the said Parish of Ijleham, shall be the first of in respect of Lands lying in that Parish; that the said Persons shall continue Commissioners in respect of Lands lying in the said Township and Parishes respectively, until the first Thursiday in March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine: And that all Inch Persons who shall be born side seized or possessed as aforesaid of fifteen Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this Act, lying within the said Township of Ely, shall and may meet at the Shire House in Ely; and ali such Persons who shall be bona fide seized or possessed as aforesaid of fifteen Acres of such Lands, lying within the several Parishes of Soham and ific ham, shall and may meet in the Churches of their respective Parishes, upon the first Thursiday in March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and upon the first Thnrfiday in March in every succeeding Year and shall and may cliufe, as they, or the major Part of them so met, and there present, can agree, the same Number of Owners as are herein before mentioned, so severally seized or possessed as aforesaid of thirty Acres of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, and lying in the Township or Parishes, in respect whereof they shall be so chosen to be Commissioners, together with the aforesaid Agents, and other Persons, above de l'cribed, for putting this Act in Execution: And in case Neglect or Default shall be made in the choosing, as aforesaid, such Owners qualified as abovementioned to be Commissioners in respect of the said Township, or any of the said Parishes; then the Persons who were Commissioners in respect of the said Township, or Parish or Parishes, where such Neglect or Default shall happen in the preceding Year, shall continue Commissioners in respect of the same, until other Commissioners shall be chosen as aforesaid, in respect thereof, upon the first Thursiday in March in the next or some succeeding Year and in case only Salt of such Number of Owners as is above directed to be chosen in respect of the said Township, or any of the said Parishes, shall be so chosen, then it shall be lawful for the Owners who were Commissioners in the preceding Year, in respect of that Township or Parish where only Part shall be chosen as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, to determine by Lot which of the Commissioners in the preceding Year shall act in the then next Year with the new Commissioners chosen as aforesaid; if they shall not determine the Line within one Month next after such Choice of Part of such Number, then it shall be lawful for ali the rest of the Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, at their then next Meeting to be held ?s hereafter mentioned, or the major Part of them there present, to make such Determination by Lor, as aforesaid; in case any Person or Persons chosen to be Commissioner or Commissioners by any of the Ways or Means aforesaid, shall die or he disqualified during the Time of his or their being a commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owners of fifteen Acres of Land, as aforesaid, lying in the Township or Parish or Parishes, in respect whereof the Person or Persons so dying or becoming disqualified was or were Commissioner or Commissioners, to meet at the respective Places abovementioned, Notice in Writing of such Meeting being affixed on theout side of the Door of the Places respectively where the said Meeting is 10 be, five Days at the lenft before such Meeting and to chtife an Owner or Owners qualified as aforesaid, to be Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place of the Person or Persons so dying, or becoming disqualified.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enndted, That if any Person not respectively qualified as aforesaid (except the Deputies or Agents to be appointed as before directed) shall picfume to act, or shall depute or appoint any Person or Pci Tonnes to actor shall vole for or in the Choice of any Person or Persons to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, he and flic shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Pei soil who will inf» 1 m or fuc for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at H'cfiminster, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information; wherein no Ellbin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law,

rlcncc Hull be allowed; and in which Action or Suit, it shall be only ueccfliary for the

nor more than one Impa

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 18. 191

the plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant ncted as a Commissioner, or deputed or appointed a Person to act, or voted for, or in the Choice of any Person or Persons to act as commissioner 01 commissioners in the Execution of this Act, and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant, unless he or file shall prove in his or her Defence, that he or she was at the Time of his or her so acting, deputing or appointing, or voting, qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And, for the better putting this Act in Execution; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Commissioners That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall meet twice in every Year; videlicet, to t', V ce 'n Upon the last Thursday in Alarch at Soham aforesaid, and upon the last Turfday in September at Ely aforesaid, ofoner Tf

or at such other Time or Times at So ham aforesaid, as they shall see Cause or think convenient (pursuant ceir uv.'

to Notice in Writing for that Purpose, signed by any seven or more of the said Commissioners, and affixed

upon the Market Cross at Ely, and the Church Doors at Soham, ijleham and jvuken, six Days at the leaf!

before any such Meeting, except those upon the last Thursday in March and September; the full Meeting to First General

be at the Lamb Inn in Ely, upon the third Thursday after the passing of this Act) and may from time to Meeting when

time adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournments, as often as they shall think to b. c., Jcld

proper.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That towards defraying the Expenses of the said Allowance to Commissioners, upon account of their Attendance at any of the Meetings to be held as aforesaid, for put - made to ting this Act in Execution, the Sum of one Shilling and no more, shall be paid by the Collector or Re t'heir°auend ceiver of the Rates and Taxes assessed by virtue of this Act, to each of the said Commissioners present at any ance.

such Meeting, and shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Collector or Receiver as so much Money paid for the Purposes of this Act, but so that the whole Expense at any one Meeting shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Shillings; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, cr the major Commissioners Part of them, such major Part being not less than seven, assembled at such Meeting or Meetings to be held empowered to as aforesaid, shall have full Power, and are hereby authorised, from time to time, and at ail Times hereafter,

at their Wills and Pleasures, to raise and strengthen the said East Banks of the Rivers Cam or Grant, of" he and Ouze, and the said South Bank of Mildenhall River; and also the Banks on each Side of Soham Drain, Rivers Cam, otherwise Barroway Load, and of Clipflmll Rivulet; and also to cleanse out, widen and deepen the Drain Ouze, o. and called Middle Fen Drain, from Barroway Load to Shell tunnelt, another Drain running from a Place near of the Several the said Soham Drain or Barroway Load, between Henney Hill and Soham Coates, through or under a Bridge drains; and called Delf Bridge, and from thence by or through Norncy Fen and Great Met lam in Soham, unto Mildenhall Brides;

River; another Drain called the Sixteen Foot Drain, running from the Hard Lands of Soham into Milden and to repairlhe hall River, and another Drain leading from a Place near the said Hard Lands of ijleham, through Ifehaon same, c. Common and West Fen in ijleham, for conveying the Waters into a Drain lying between the said Common and certain Lands belonging to Bedford Level Corporation, and by a Tunnel to be made from the said Drain through the South Bank of Mildenhall River, into the said River; and also to make and support the Bridges over, and Tunnels in the said Drains, or any of them; and also to ereci, work, support and repair such and so many Mills or Engines, not exceeding nine in Number, unless by the Consent of the said Corporation, upon or near the Banks of the aforesaid Rivers; and to make and cause to be made, through the said Banks, such Tunnels or Outlets from each of the said Mills for the throwing out and discharging the Waters from the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds above described, into the said Rivers; and also to cleanse, deepen and widen such other Drains; and likewise to make and support such other Banks, Bridges, Cuts,

Drains, Dams, Outlets and Works, within the aforesaid Boundaries of the above described Fen Lands and Low Grounds (but not in the Inverted Lands belonging to the said Corporation without their Consent) for inverted Lands draining and conveying the Waters therefrom, into the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouze and Mildenhall Rivers, not to beiretidied or any of them, through the Banks of any of those Rivers, in such Manner as hall by them the said Com "lth> w, th.cut missioners, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, be thought fit, necessary and convenient, without any ^£°u<nttie Let, Hindrance, obstruction, or Control, of from or by the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of V the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, or their Successors, in any Manner, or under any Right whatsoever; further also, to take and use such Earth and Ground, near or adjoining to the said Banks, as shall be necessary for the making, raising, (Lengthening and maintaining thereof, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them assembled at such Meeting or Meetings, as aforesaid, shall think necessary and proper; and also to make Orders and give Directions for carrying on and for the better Go Ppwerof ma. vernment and more orderly Management of all the said Works, and the Maintenance thereof. mgoiders.

VIII. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners shall make, or cause to be made, any Bank, Cut, Satisfaction to Drain, Dam, Tunnel, Outlet, or other Work, in or through any several Grounds, or ereci or make, or be male to pri cause to be erected or made, any Engine or Engines, or other Work thereupon, or shall take or use any ^'aners r, r Earth or Ground thereout, they shall pay such a reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons having Right t. I'^gioundsl to the said several Grounds, in or through which such Bank, Cut, Drain, Dam, Tunnel, Outlet or other

Work shall be made, or whereupon such Engine or Engines, or other Work, shall be erected, or from whence such Earth or Ground shall be taken or used for the Damage done thereby, as shall be agreed upon

between the said Commissioners assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not

less than seven, and the Person or Persons having Right to such several Grounds; and if the said Commil To he determin sioners, and such Person or Persons, cannot agree about the Value of such Damage, then as shall be afieffecl ed, in case of dif and adjudged reasonable, by the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, not interested in the Pre fcrc?cc by ihcr

mifies, or in the Fen Lands to be drained by virtue of this a&v at any General or Quarter session of Quarter sefll^i? '

the Peace to be held for the said County of Cambridge, within twelve Months after such Damage shall be caster'c 1c, I, S' done.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby further er contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to impower, the said Commissioners appointed for

putting

macled and declared, That this Act; or anything herein Navigation of; he

>vfpr.r! tn imnm.vpr thp fnirl cnmmwtism iprc nnr»ninf. »r! fnr Rivers net to be

obstiuiled, Ac,

192 C 18.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Cnnimissioners to appoint Collectors, and o there Officers

who are to be removable,

and to give Sv curity.

An Acre Rate to be laid cn the Lands for raffing Money for err

putting this Act in Execution, to erect or setup any Sluice or Dam across the Rivers Cam, other wise Grants Ouze or Mildenhall, or Soham Drain otherwise Barroway Load, or to do or perform any other Work or Works which may prejudice the Navigation of the said Rivers, or obstruct or hinder any Waters from falling down the said Rivers through Lynn Channel to Sea.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than seven, assembled at any such Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall have full Power, and are hereby authorised to appoint one or more Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and such aether proper Officer or Officers, with such reasonable Salaries for making and taking care of such Works, and for collecting the Rates and assessments assessed or to be assessed by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than seven, assembled at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think proper; which said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, may be altered and removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than seven, assembled at any such Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, who shall and may chule and appoint another or others in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so altered and removed, as they the said Commissioners shall see Occasion; such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and other Officer or Officers, so to be nominated and appointed, as aforesaid, before he or they hall at in the Execution of their several Offices, shall give such Security for the due and faithful Execution of such their respective Offices, and for performing the several Trusts committed to them, as the said of in their Discretion hall require.

XI. And, for carrying on and effecting the said Work of Draining, and securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for that Purpose; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and Angular The Fen Lands and Low Grounds, bounded and described as aforesaid, and all and

lying on the Rur every the respective Owner and Owners, Occuper and Occupiers, of such Lands and Grounds, shall be, poses of this act. and the same are hereby assessed, rated, taxed and charged, during the first: four Years after the passing of th is act, with the yearly Sum of two Shillings, and from and after the Expiration of the said four Years, with the yearly Sum of one Shilling and six Pence for every Acre of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so long as any Money which shall have been borrowed for the Purposes of this ACI, or the Interest thereof, hall remain unpaid; and that when there shall be no such Debt remaining, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than seven, at any half yearly Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax and charge, all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and all and Angular the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, with fuc'n yearly Sum not exceeding one Shilling per Acre, as they hall judge necessary for compleating and maintaining the said Works.

XII. Provided always, That no Assessment, Rate or Tax shall be made, collected or levied upon the im banked Lands of the Right Honourable William Ponsonby, commonly called Lord Viscount Duncannon in the Kingdom of Ireland, known by the Name of jvicken High Fen; nor upon the imbanked Lands of John Drage Gentleman, in jvicken High Fen aforesaid, for so long Time only, as the Owners or Occupiers of those Lands shall keep and maintain the Bank now kept and maintained by them, of a sufficient Height and Strength to keep the Waters (except such Waters as hall overflow' by Breach of the Corporation Banks) draining from the Lands which are defended by the said Bank from overflowing into the Lands without the said Bank.

Such Lands only

XIII. Provided also, That no Assessment, Rate or Tax shall be made, collected or levied upon or in re as are iubji& to fpc£f of any Highlands within the Boundaries aforesaid, which have not been subject to Inundations; and jr.unha.ioi.s are t], at no Assessment, Rate or Tax hall, during the first: four Years after the passing of tins act, be made, collected or levied upon such Low Grounds, within the Limits abovementioned, as are now so dug into Hod or Turf Pools, that no Profit can be made thereof.

XIV. And whereas the poor Inhabitants of Soham have a certain Common in or near the Fen called Great Metlam in Soham aforesaid, lying within the Bounds before described, containing by Estimation one hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas there are fifty Acres of Fen Land belonging to the Work ing Poor in Ijleham, and seventeen Acres of Fen Land belonging to the Hospital, and other Poor of Isle ham, and as the charging of the said Lands with the same Tax as is hereby imposed on other Lands within this District, would be taxing them more than they are able to pay; 'It is hereby further enacted, That the said Lands shall never be taxed or charged with more than Half of the Tax wherewith other Lands within the said District are or shall be charged by virtue of this Act.

CXV. And whereas some of the poor Inhabitants of the said Parishes of Soham and Ijleham make confi derably more Use of the said Common and Lands than others of them do, by reason whereof, and of the great Number of Poor who use the same, it would be very difficult to collect the Taxes charged thereupon, from the said Poor themselves Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the C '! vma Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, to sever so much of the said Common and Lands from the cirnt to py the rest thereof, as Aval 1 be sufficient to raise the Taxes charged thereupon, and to let the same, from Year to Taxes ch.rged Year and in case Default be made in Payment of the Rent due for such Part thereof so severed and let, the said Commissioners, and their Successors, shall have the same Powers for recovering the Rent foin ar rear, that other Landlords have by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect

Lands exempted from Tax.

to be taxed.

Hod or Turf Tools not taxable tot Year:

Common

Ground; belonging to the Poor, to pjv only half the Tax charged on other Larins. commissioners may sever so much of the Common Linds,

on the rest.

Taxes how be

ol l'.yinmt

Icvici n dc fjoh t p3y go the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed as aforesaid, at his or their Place of Abode, the Money assessed, rated or charged upon him, her or them respectively, by virtue of this Act, within the Space of twenty-eight Days after the Times of Payment, to be appointed by the said Commissioners (Public Notice thereof being affixed upon the Market Cross in Ely, and the Oat side of the Door of the Parish Church, where such Lauds lie, by the Collector or colluslors, Receiver or Receivers, of the said Commis 3 sioners,

C 18.

r93

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

sioners, for the time being) it shall be lawful for such' Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from time to time, to make, as Occasion shall require) to distrain any Goods, Chattles or Cattle, which shall be found upon all or any of the Grounds and pre misses for or in respect of which any such. Money shall be or is so charged or assessed, or upon any other taxable Lands within the Bounds before described, belonging to the Person or Persons so neglecting to pay such Rates or Taxes; and the Goods, Chattles and Cattle so distrained, to keep by the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Owner or Owners hall not within the said Space of five Days pay the Money so charged or assessed, and the Charges of taking and keeping the said Distress, that then the Goods, Chattels and Cattle so distrained shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish where the same shall be taken, or by other sufficient Persons, and shall be sold by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon such Occasion, for Payment of the said Money and Charges, and the Overplus arising by such Sale (if any be) shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand; and the several and respective Tenants or Occupiers of all and singular the said Fen Taxes, '?*>c Pa'j Lands and Low Grounds, so bounded and described as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and required to pay by, the such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so assessed, rated or charged as aforesaid, upon or in respect of tiiei^rent0* such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in their several Tenures or Occupations, and to deduct the Money so paid out of their respective Rents; and the respective Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests in the Premises, are hereby required to allow such Payment and Deduction upon Receipt of the Residue of their respective Rents; and every such Tenant or Occupier as aforesaid, paying such Assessment, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the same shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Rent of such Lands and Grounds, except where there is a Lease for three or more Years to come from the tenth Day cf october next after passing of this Act; in which Case, upon Request of either Landlord or Tenant, the Proportion of the Af ineafeof a feflment or Rate which the Tenant ought to bear and pay in Consideration of the Benefit he receives by Lease, Tenant to such Lease, shall be adjusted and finally determined by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, Pay, n ljojor assembled at any of their Meetings as aforesaid, such major Part being not less than seven, and not interested Uor" in the Premises comprised in such Lease.

XVII. And to the End that the full Sum which is or shall be so rated or assessed may be duly answered Person rot py

and paid, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons flail refuse or neglect to lri? t.lle raxcs pay, or cauf'e to be paid, to the collector or Collectors for the time being, the Sum with which he, fine or, ' ° j

they shall be respectively charged, by the Space of two Months after a Personal Demand hath been made to forfeit is. for thereof by the said Collector or Collectors, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the further Sum of two everyio s. he Shillings for every twenty Shillings which shall be foin Arrear and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale be in ar of his, her or their Goods and Chattles, in such Manner as the aforesaid Rates, Taxes or Assessments them rear

selves are herein and hereby directed to be levied; and the Money so forfeited and levied shall be applied towards carrying on the said Works of Draining and other the Purposes of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Lands nnoccu said Fen Lands or Low Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no fuf pied to remain ficient Distress can be found whereupon to levy the Money so charged or assessed as aforesaid, then the Lands a Security for or Grounds, for or in respect of which the said Money is or shall be so charged or assessed, shall always re )Tmentot ti main a Security for Payment thereof; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Col ax' ledtors, Receiver or Receivers, for the time being, to enter upon and let the same from Year to Year only,

for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same, and to take the Rents and Profits thereof for the Use of the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, until all Arrears of the said Taxes,

Rates and Charges shall be fully satisfied and paid, rendering the Overplus of such Rents and Profits (if any) after the discharging such Arrears, to the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds.

XIX. And forasmuch as the Money so to be rated, levied, collected and gathered as aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expenses of making such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels,

Outlets and other Works, and erecting such Engines and other Works as will be neeflary for draining, and for the speedy Improvement of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less of than nine, assembled at any public Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby irn miy take up powered, from time to time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary for Money at inte the makingfcarrying on, repairing and preserving the said Works; and by Writing under their Hands and rert for carrying Seals, to assign over the said yearly Rates, Taxes and Sums of Money hereby charged, and to be charged, anjllmwo^k(^ upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and every or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of which r.tjs as a Southeast assignments shall be born and paid out of the said taxesj in such Manner and Form as to the said Com curity for the missioner shall seem meet, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be hor same, rowed for that Purpose, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, as shall advance or lend the same,

to secure the Repayment thereof, with Interest (not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum) \ which charges of this Money so borrowed, shall be applied in the first Place, to pay and discharge so much and such Part of the Act to be paid Charges and Expenses of obtaining of this Act of Parliament, as shall remain unpaid, after the applica thereouc* tion of the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds, which the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, have agreed to advance towards discharging the said Charges and Expenses, and then shall be applied and disposed of, in making, repairing, carrying on, erecting and preserving such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels, Outlets, Engines and other Works,

C 18. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Hates chargeable with the Mt. nies borrow eh thereon.

and upon Default of Payment to vest in the Creditors.

Assignments may be tranl fei red.

assigntnenls to be entered in a Book.

Penalty upon Persons cutting down or destroying Banks or aether Works,

Offender may be transported.

for the draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as are before mentioned, and shall be applied and disposed of to no other Purpose whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rates, Taxes and Sums of Money, hereby assessed, or to be assessed, upon, and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall be charged and chargeable in the first Place, with and for the Payment of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, and the Interest of such Money, from time to time, and hall vest in the respective Creditor or Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, the same shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by Nonpayment thereof as aforesaid; the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, hall have the same Powers, Rights and Privileges, of raising and recovering the several Taxes and Sums of Money payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners or their Collectors could have had, in case the said Principal and Interest had been regularly paid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Alignments or Securities to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall and may be transferable or assignable by Endorsement upon liicli original Grant or Security thereof, or otherwise, without Stamps, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment being produced to the said Receiver, to be by him entered in a Book for that Purpose, hall sufficiently entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to all the Moneys due, and to grow due, on the said original Grant or Security.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hall at anytime or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, burn, or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, flood gate or Sluice, which at any Time or Times hereafter shall be making and erecting, or made or erected, for draining or improving the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds as aforesaid, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Person or Persons

i'ersons convict for seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of i d of destroying, this Realm; and that if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, wilfully or maliciously flopping or d. m destroy, stop, dam up, spoil or damage, any Drain, Watercourse, Door, Dam, Bridge, or other Work or r>?ins Pforfeit "w°rks, which, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall be making or erecting, or made or erected, for an

1, ' fwering the Purposes aforesaid, or shall lay or throw, or place any Rubbish, or other Obstruction, therein,

and shall be thereof convicted before two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, if the Offence shall be committed within the said Isle, or before two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, of Cambridge, if the Offence shall be committed in the said County (which Justices are hereby respectively required to hear and determine the same on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es, or on the Confession of the Party offending) every such Person or Persons so convicted of destroying, flopping, damming up, spoiling or damaging such Drain, or other Work as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, for arui comitted of feit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Person or Persons so convicted of laying, throwing or placing throwing Rub any Rubbish, or other Obstruction therein, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds;

which Penalties shall he paid to the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes for which the said

Rates and Taxes are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the said Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of such sufficient Distress, or Payment of the said full Sum of fifty Pounds, such Offender or Offenders so convicted of destroying, flopping, damming up, spoiling or damaging such Drain, or other Work as aforesaid, shall, by the said Justices, be committed to the House of Correction, or Common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely, or County of Cambridge, lor any Time not exceeding six Months; and such Offender or Offenders, To convicted of laying, throwing or placing any Rubbish, or other Obstruction, therein, shall, by the said Justices, be committed to the House of Correction, or Common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely, or County of Cambridge, for such Time, not exceeding two Months, as the Justices by whom such Commitments shall be made, shall in their Discretion order and direct.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time make, orcaufc to be made, any Watering Place, or Place of Accel's for Cattle to drink, in any of the Mill Drains within the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or shall continue to use any such Watering Place already made, after Notice in Writing to the contrary thereof given to him, her or them, by any two or more of the said of; if any Person or Persons shall drive, or cause to be driven, any Wagon, Cart or other Carriage, upon any Bank which shall be made or maintained by virtue of this Act (unless such Bank hath been of Right used as a Cart Way, or be made upon a Common Droveway, and a sufficient Pafl nge shall not be left along the Side of the said Hank) every Person o Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before one Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Offence shall be committed, as aforesaid, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es, or on the Confession of the Party offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings to the said Commissioners, to be applied as aforesaid, and to be: levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice before whom such Conviction shall be made.

Outrin? or Di

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners and Occupiers of the virion Dikes, to said Lands intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make, and, from time to time, and at all Times*'w'dih a"'hereafter keep, all the Outring or Division Dikes or Drains belonging to the said Lands respectively eight d "ih aril f. Feet three Inches wide, and three Feet deep from the level Soil; and shall also, from time to time, and at fcftujiy ro«icd all Times hereafter, cause the same Dikes and Drains to be well and effectually roded, feoured and elcanftd and fiourcd j from Weeds and other Rubbish and Obstructions; and cause Bridges to be hud over, and Tunnels in, the said

b 1 flor other Oi'struction?,

5»

For want of Distress, the Offender to be committed.

xo p. Penalty on making or continuing the Use of water.rig Places for ('alt, afer Notice gi v> n 'o the contra! y

01 < t driving Caniagrs over the Banks.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C l8. IQ

0

also laid, c. where the of fiiajl judge nf'c fi. uy, under ottain Penalties.

same to be done, and levy the Charges, uiih the Penalty.

litions to be observed in laying Tunnels;

Qaid Dikes and Drains, where the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them (such major Part not be Bridges and ing less than seven) at any of their said Meetings shall judge necessary, and continue the same in good Repair, Tunnels to fc for the better issuing, running and conveying away the Waters therein; and if any such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make and keep such his or her Dikes or Drains of the Dimentsions aforesaid, or to rode, scour and cleanse the same from Weeds or other Rubbifti or Obstructions, or to make and continue such Bridges and Tunnels as aforesaid, after twenty-one Days Notice to be given to him, her or them, by any Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, personally, or by Writing under the Hands of two or more of the said Commissioners, left at the usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, then such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit fourpence per Rod for every Rod neglected to be so reded, scoured and cleansed, and ten Shillings for every Bridge, and ten Shillings for every Tunnel, so neglected to be made or continued as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of Commissionfrt them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to cause such Drain, Outring, or other Dyke, to be my came (he roded, scoured and cleansed, and such Bridge and 'Funnel to be made, in a proper and effectual Manner, and, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower their Collector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons, to levy and raise the Money expended in doing thereof, and also the said Penalties of fourpence for every Rod, and ten Shillings for every Bridge, and ten Shillings for every Tunnel, so neglected as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of such Goods, Chattles, and Cattle, as shall at any Time thereafter be found upon the Grounds to which such Drains or Dikes, Bridges or Tunnels, shall respectively belong; such Penalties to be applied as is herein before directed concerning the Penalty for damaging any of Application of the Works to be made or erected under the Authority of this act; and the Person or Persons to whom such; rer.altit*. Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, shall and may levy the Money so expended, and the said Penalties, by Distress and Sale of the same Goods, Chattles and Cattle, together with all incident Charges, in the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are herein before directed to be levied, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof, when demanded.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tunnel or reguf

Tunnels shall be laid for taking Water out of the Rivers Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouze, or Mildenhall > or

So bean Drain, otherwise Barroway Load, into the said Fen Lands, the Bottom of such Tunnel or Tunnels shall not, at any Time, be laid lower than two Feet below the Surface or Level of the lowed: whole Ground in that Part of the said Fen Lands into which such Water shall be taken; and if any Person shall lay the Bottom of any such Tunnel lower than two Feet below the Surface or Level of the lowed: whole Ground in any such respective Part of the said Fen Lands, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, he or she so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit, to the Use of the Person giving Information thereof, the Sum of five Pounds for Penalty 51, every such Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, by Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted as aforesaid.

XXVI. And to the End that it may appear clearly what Money has been raised, from time to time, by Rates and aflvrtl

virtue of this Act, and that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may he ments to be en

satisfied that the Moneys so raised have been duly applied; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, f!cj In propbr. That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall cause a Book of Assessment to be made and dfoac SAND kept, and all Rates and Assessments made as aforesaid under this Act, to be fairly entered therein; and counts of re also a Book of Account to be made and kept, and an Account of all the Receipts and Disbursmenis relating reipts end Ditto all Moneys received or disbursed by virtue of this Act, to be fairly entered in the same; and that no Ac bjrfemeius. counts shall be passed or allowed, unless the same shall be kept and made up in such Books as aforesaid; that twice in every Year, videlicet, on the last Thursday in September, and on the lall Thursday in March in every Year, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, shall carefully

'inspebl and examine all Receipts and Disbursements of such Adonies as shall have been raised, received and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, and all Accounts and Vouchers relating to the same; at which said Times the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Plates and Sums of Adoney to be raised as aforesaid, are hereby required to attend with his or their Books of Assessment, Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination of the said Accounts upon Oath (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby impov/ered in that Case to administer) the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than seven, are hereby impowered and ordered to allow and pass the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts of the same as they shall see just and reasonable; such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts of the same as shall be allowed by the said a<*ounts, Commissioners, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in two ro ^; n' several Sets of Books to be kept for that Purpose, one Set whereof shall be kept by the said Commissioners, 2 sets of Bocks, and the other Set shall remain in the Parish Church of Sohatn aforesaid; the said Books shall and may c. be inspebled and perused at any Time, at seasonable Flours, by any Person or Persons (being an Owner or Owners of any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds) requiring the same, without Fee, or any other Reward;

XXVII. And to the End that the said Banks, or any other Banks to be raised by virtue of this Act, may

be the better preserved; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Moles in Lands Occupier or Occupiers, of any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds adjoining or near to such Bank or adjoining tn Banks, shall neglect or refuse to catch or destroy the Moles in such Lands, after tonne Days Notice given to ti' him, her or them, for that Purpose, by any Officer appointed by any two of the said Commissioners; owners of the it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to employ some Person or Per raid Lands; fons to catch and destroy the same, and by Warrant or Precept under their Stands and Seals, (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required from time to time to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy the usual Charge of catching such Adoles, or the Charges by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattles, or Cattle, which shall be found upon the Grounds and Pre C

Accounts to be audited on Oath half yearly;

nt which Times the Colleflots and Receivers at e to attend with their Veflcheis, Ac,

C

misses

A.D. 1757.

96 C

18.

Anno tricenmo pritno Georgii II.

No Trees, Holts or builjiogs, lo fctr ftitfered to n?ar any Mill or Engine.

Commissioners im powered to crest Staunches for keeping up a Head of Water at proper Places, in the Drains lead ng from the Skirt hands.

Mi.is maybe (reited for fraining arable Lands which produce Winter Crips.

Mil's to be o refled, &c. by the comn if fi iners lor draining the Tricl of Land princ: pr!ly hclonring to Lord 1 0\m1 shend, dec.

mifies: espectively wherein fuel) Moles shall he caught, over and above the said other Rates and Taxes charged or to be charged upon the same by virtue of this act, and in the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are herein before directed to be levied, together with the Charges of making and keeping and selling such Distress, rendering the Overplus (if any bej to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers reflectively, after all Charges paid.

XXVIII. And, in order that the Mills or Engines to be eretfted or employed by virtue of this Atft, may the better an five r the Purposes for which they are intended; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'hat no Trees or Holts shall be planted, or Buildings eretfted, nearer to any Mill or Engine erected or employed for tyre Purposes of thfs Atft, than one hundred and fifty Yards; and if any Trees or Holts shall be planted, or Building hereafter erected, within the Distance aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause such Trees or Holts to be taken up and carried away, and such Building to be pulled down and removed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause any Trees or Holts which shall be growing within the Distance of one hundred and fifty \ards from any Mill to be erected or employed for the Purposes of this A, tft at the Time such Mill or Engine shall be first eretfted or used, to be cut down; making such Satisfaction to the Owner of such Trees or Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or as shall, in cale of any Difference, be ascertained by the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter session which shall be held for the said County of Cambridge within six Months after the cutting down such Trees or Holts.

XXIX. And whereas Part of the said Fen Lands, lying near the Skirts of the Highlands, are higher in their Situation than the rest, and it is apprehended that such Lands, if the Sewers should lie in common, may be made too dry, by such Time as the lowest Lands are well drained: Therefore, for the avoiding this Inconvenience, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to erctft Staunches or Overfalls, at proper Places, in the Drains or Dikes leading from such Lands, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion judge necessary for the keeping up a sufficient Head of Water for the Benefit of such Lands.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or Occupiers of such Part of the said Fen Lands, lying within the Boundaries aforesaid, as are arable, and produce Winter Crops, or have actually been dug up into Turf, to erctft Horse Mills, or other Small Engines, thereupon, in order to drain such Lands, so as to preserve the said Crops, and to render the Lands so dug up useful - for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXXI. And whereas a considerable Tract of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, whereof the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Townsend is Owner of far the greatest Part, is separated from the rest by an imbanked Drain or Rivulet, called Soham Drain, otherwise Barroway Load; and it is apprehended that the said Tratft may be more commodiously drained, by discharging the Waters immediately into the p.iver Ouze Be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Atft in Execution shall

Cruris! ttfut

v t.v.1) ol ftigh.s.

p;

sf PC

iifirv i'rrs of t n' Great L vi 1 iciined.

p.rre! of C'au fin Act 1 5 Or. z.

erect, or cause to be erected, one proper Mill or Engine, or, if the said Lord Viscount Townshend, his Heirs or Assigns, Owners as aforesaid, shall think two necessary, shall craft, or cause to be crofted, two proper Mills or Engines for the Purpose aforesaid, upon such Part of the said Tratft above Barroway Bridge as the said Lord Viscount 'townjhend, his Heirs or Assigns, Owners as aforesaid, shall diretft and appoint; and shall support and maintain the same; and shall likewise make and cleanse, or cause to be made and cleansed, such proper Drain or Drains, Cuts and Tunnels, in and through the said tra<ft, and the Banks thereof, as shall be necessary for draining the said Tract, and shall cause the said Mill or Mills, Engine or Engines, when erected, to be worked, as the said Lord Viscount Townshend, his Heirs or Assigns, being principal Owners of the Lands within the said Tract, shall diretft; and in Default of such Direction, then as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being less than seven, assembled as aforesaid, shall direct.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That all such Right or Rights as any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred, or Half Hundred, have heretofore had within his or their respective Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred, or Half Hundred, within or without the said Boundaries, to Waifs, Estrays, Felons Goods, Privileges of Arrests, Escheats, and all Royalties, not prejudicial to the Draining, be hereby saved to them, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, severally and respectively; thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIII Saving also, and always reserving to the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, and their Successors, and to all and every other per l'on or Persons, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, all such lawful Rights, Powers, ju rifditftions and Authorities, now veiled in, and enjoyed by them, as are not hereby taken away, altered or repealed: And also saying aiui reserving to the said Lord Viscount Townftend, his Heirs and Assigns, being the Owner or Owners of Soham alcer, the Right of draining and running the Waters from the said Mere, in such Manner as the same have been accustomed, and of Right ought to drain and run.

XXXIV. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, it was, nmongst other 'Filings, enacted, That the Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Great Level should have Power to lay Taxes upon the ninety five thousand Acres of Land allotted as a Recompense for the Draining of the said Great Level, for the Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great ' Lc\ J, anti to levy the same, with Penalties for nonpayment; that the said Governor, Bailiff's and Conlci valors should have Power to sell so much of such Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thoi land Acres, upon which any Taxes should he in Arrsar, or Penalties, in such Proportions as the said Go ' vtrnors, bailiff's and Conservators, should judge to be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Penalties: And whereas several Parcels of the said ninety five thousand Acres of Land, lying within the Bounds herein

C 18.

97

before described, were at different Times put up to Sale in pursuance of, and according to the Directions of the before recited Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, and of one other Act passed in & ao Car.*.

the twentieth Year of the said King, intituled, An Act for Taxing and ajfefjing the Lands of the Adventurers in the Great Level of the Fens, in order to raise the Taxes and Penalties in Arrear for and in respect of the said Lands; but the same not being thought worth the Taxes and Penalties due thereon, such Lands could not be sold so as to raise such Penalties and Taxes; and the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, ha

directed their Officers, from time to time, to bid for such Lands as could not be 1'old for the Amount of the Taxes and Penalties respectively due thereon, they the said Officers became the Purchasers of such Lands, and have either conveyed the same to the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or declared s such Purchases to have been made in Trust for the said Corporation; and the Lands so purchased have re mained verted in the said Corporation, and are called Invcjled Lands, and have been annually rated and af sessed to the Taxes laid upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, according to the respective Proportions in pursuance of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second; but such Taxes not having been raised or paid, the said Corporation have, from time to time, let such inverted Lands, or such Parts of them as they could find Tenants for, at such Rents as could be pro cured for the same; but the Profits arising from the Lands so let, have been very small and inconsiderable,

1 and much less than the Taxes with which such Lands have been assessed: whereas it will be for the Benefit of the said Corporation, that the said inverted Lands should be sold for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, discharged of all Arrears of Taxes assessed or to be act effect thereon, before the said Lands shall be sold by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, but subject nevertheless in like Manner as the rest of the said ninety five thousand Acres, to the Taxes to be assessed by virtue of the said Acts, after the said Lands shall be so sold; and that in the mean Time, and until such Lands can be sold, the said Corporation should be enabled to pay the Rates and Taxes to be asserted by virtue of this Act, upon the said Lands, for draining the same Be it therefore The corpora further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver for the time being of the said Corporation, tion's Receiver shall, out of the Taxes and Revenues of the South and Middle Levels (Part of the said Great Level) pay upon Demand, to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners, all such Rates and I axes as are or shall be charged by virtue of this Act, upon the said inverted Lands, or any Part thereof, until the same shall be sold as herein after is.directed; and such Receiver shall be, and he is hereby absolutely discharged and indemnified, of and for the Sums so by him paid to the said Collector or Collectors such Sums had been paid to and by the Order and Direction of the said Corporation.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, Conservators to

or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, shall have appoint annually full Power and Authority to appoint annually at their April Meeting, one Commissioner for every two hun occ^nfl11^oner tired Acres of the said inverted Lands, for which the Taxes to be imposed by virtue of this Act, shall be acres6of the°ln

paid as aforesaid, for so long S ime as two hundred Acres of the said Lands shall remain inverted. vested Lands

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conserva taxed by this

tors, or any seven or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, to Act

cause the said inverted Lands to be publicly sold by Auction, either all together, or in Lots as they now lie, Sale may be

to the best Bidder or Bidders, at the Shire House in Ely, at any April Meeting of the said Corporation; of )n

which Sale or Sales public Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in the Cambridge and Ipf W canne s'vjich Journals, if such News Papers shall then continue to be published, and shall also be affixed in Writing monff spu. under the Seal of the said Corporation, at or upon the said Shire House, one Month at the Icaft before the Mick Notice Time of such Sale j and that after any of the said Lands shall be so sold, the said Governor, Bailiffs and thereof. Conservators, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, shall grant or convey under the Seal of the said Corporation, the Lands so sold to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers there f, freed and discharged of and from all Rates and Taxes, which at any Time before such Sale rtiall have been rated or charged upon the said Lands by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Southeast 7

condor of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, relating to the said Great Level; and every such Grant or Conveyance shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Lands had been sold for nonpayment cf Taxes, pursuant to the Paid Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second.

XXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, but not from to empower the said Corporation to discharge the said inverted Lands, or any Part thereof, from any Rates or Taxes liable to Taxes which the same shall, after Sale thereof, as aforesaid, be liable to be rated or affdted with, by virtue be ad, fled theie of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, or by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, relating to the said Great Level, but that the said inverted Lands after they shall be so sold, rtiall be liable to be rated and assessed in the same Manner as they were before the

making of this Act; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. all such Bordering of Skirt Lands as are Particular Lind:

herein after particularly mentioned, rtiall be for ever exempted from all Taxes assessed or to be assessed, rated exempted from or charged, by virtue of this Act; that is to say, Taxes.

to pay to the Collector the Rates charged on the Inverted as if Lands, until ths same be sold.

The same to be discharged of all former

after such

Sale.

In the Parish of WICKEN.

In PADNEY DROVE.

t7 I VE Acres, Part of nine Acres, of John Drage Gentleman.

P Fourteen Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, of Edward Grey, Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of Robert hall

C 18.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

Five Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John Drove Gentleman.

One Acre and an Half, Part of six Acres, of 1 Villiatn Haylock.

One Acre and Half, Part of six Acres, of Robert Fuller senior.

One Acre, Part of six Acres, of William Pammant.

One Acre, Part of six Acres, of John Drage Gentleman.

Two Acres, Part of eighteen Acres (three Parts) of Abraham Sheath.

Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John Drage Gentleman, called West Hill,

In the Par ifo cf S O H AIVI.

//; F O R D Y FAR M, belonging to Lord Townshend,

thirty-eight Acres, Part of forty Acres, by Estimation.

Eighteen Acres, Part of twenty six Acres, by Ditto.

Three Acres, Part of fourteen Acres, by Ditto.

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, by Ditto.

Skirt Lands round BARROWAY and HENNEY.

One Acre and an Half, Part of two Acres, of John Drage Gentleman. Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, of William Hall.

Five Acres and a Half, Part of eleven Acres, of Ditto.

All Great Sand fords, except five Acres,

Four Acres, Part of Spirits Holt,

The Upper Part of Lady s Dolvcr, except one Acre.

Four Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of John Taylor.

Of Lord Townshend.

In the BLOCK MORES below the last House in COATS, Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of James Palmer.

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John Drage Gentleman.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Doctor Piper.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Doctor Piper.

Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of John Taylor.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Benjamin Bottle.

Nine Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Jos. Cropley.

In ROSE FIELD.

Eight Acres, of Richard Peachy Gentleman.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of John Scurvine Clerk.

About HIGH HILL,

Six Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Alice Marfne.

Three Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Luke Staples.

Four Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of William Cropley.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Jos. Arthy.

Thirty-two Acres, of Thomas Cockayne Esquire.

Ten Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, of John Pozuer.

Four Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of William Fyfon.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Thotnas Cockayne Esquire.

Six Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of Luke Staples.

Seventeen Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, of Lord Granby.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of John Drage Gentleman.

Sixteen Acres, of William Fyfon, being two Dolvers.

In LITTLE BARSHAM.

Twenty Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, of John Slater and Mistress Redmane* Ten Acres, Part of eleven Acres, of Ann Fyfon.

Five Acres, Part of seven Acres, of Richard Peachy Gentleman.

Four Acres, Part of seven Acres, of John Hammond.

Four Acres, Part of seven Acres, of William Whites Heirs.

Four Acres, Part of seven Acres, of Matter Blackbourne.

Three Acres, belonging to soha/n Town by Ely causeivay.

In RED LANDS.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Mary Smith Widow.

Three Acres, Part of four Acres, of Zachary go/dberry.

Sixteen Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of Rachael Mayer.

Seven Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Zachary Goldberry, by Ely Causway.

3

h

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 18

*99

GREAT BARSHA M.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Morley Unwin Clerk. '

Six Acres, Part of eight Acres, of John Croplcy.

Seven Acres, Part of eleven Acres, of Widow Godfrey.

Nine Acres, Part of eleven Acres of John Croplcy senior.

Eight Acres, Part of eleven Acres, of Richard Peachey Gentleman.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of William Norfolk.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Oliver Hills.

Five Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Thomas Harvey Esquire, iwhorfefen,

In M E T L A M.

Seven Acres and s. Half, Part of nine Acres, of Robert Moody.

Eight Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of William Palmer.

Two Acres and a Half, Part of sixteen Acres, of Barham Rujbrooke Esquire. Three Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, cf 1 Villi am Hills.

Five Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Sir William Banbury.

Nine Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, of Thomas Harvey Esquire.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Sir William Bunbury.

Plight Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Elizabeth Mayer.

Fourteen Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, belonging to Soharn Town,

In BROAD HILL.

Ten Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, of Mistress Hyde.

Eight Acres of Richard Peachey Gentleman.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of John Drage Gentleman. Two Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Thomas Blancher.

Six Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Cornelius Harvey.

Plight Acres, of Cornelius Harvey.

Seven Acres and a Half, Part of sixteen acres, of Widow Long. Eleven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Miss Sheppard.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Thomas Danby.

Eleven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of William Hay lock.

Nine Acres, Part of eleven Acres, of Fran. Palmer.

Six Acres, Part of nine Acres, of Friend Stephenson.

Seven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Mistress Long.

Six Acres, Part of seventeen Acres, of Lord Granby.

Seven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of John Drage Gentleman. Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Mistress Coekfedge

Hod fons.

In STUD FIELD.

Fourteen Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of John Drage Gentleman.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of William Peachey.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Eehvard Peachey.

Seven Acres and a Half, Part of eight Acres, of John Robinson.

twenty-two Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, of John Drage Gentleman. Seven Acres and a Half, Part of eight Acres, of Francis Trowell Gentleman. Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of John Howlctt.

Nine Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Robert Peachey's Heirs.

thirty-two Acres, of Miss Sheppard, called Long Dolver.

Four Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Mistress Norfolk.

Eight Acres, of William White.

Eight Acres, of Mistress Bringburji.

In the HASSE.

Six Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Mistress Bringhiirf.

P ive Acresiand a Half, Part of eight Acres, of James Jardine.

Twelve Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, of Mrs. Baxter.

One Acre, Part of eight Acres, of John Drage Gentleman.

One Acre, Part of eight Acres, of John Howlctt,

One Acre, Part of eight Acres, of John Life.

On the other Side the PI A S S E DROVE.

One Acre, Part of eight Acres, of William Morfy.

One Acre, Part of four Acres, of Mistress Brhighurf.

Seven Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Robert Horsey.

Three Acres, Part of four Acres, of Mistress Bringhurf.

Twelve Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of Matter Andrew's Heirs.

Twelve Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of Richard Peachey Gentleman.

Seven Acres, Part of sixteen Ac: es, of Mistress Chatter!.

Seven

200 C i

A.D. 1-57.'

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

Seven Acres and a Half, Part of sixteen Acres, of Else Peachey.

Eleven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Adistress Bringhurst.

twenty seven Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, of John Dr age Gentleman, below Calf Fen Drove;

In CALF FEN.

Seven Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Thomas Bland.

Twelve Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of Mistress alexander's Heirs.

Eight Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of William White.

Fourteen Acres, Part of sixteen Acres, of John Wilkin.

Two Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Thomas Wilkin.

In EAST FEN.

Three Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Sir William Banbury.

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Willi ayn Mayer.

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Ditto.

Eight Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, belonging to Soham Feoffees.

Three Acres, Part of eight Acres, of Master William Mayer.

In HALF acre FAR M, belonging to Lord Townshend.

Seventeen Acres, Part of twenty Acres, the Great Hill.

Eight Acres, Part of eleven Acres, the Little Hill.

Three Acres, Part of four Acres, the Ploughed Piece.

In the Parish ISLEHAM.

In the first Went, from the Div'tfon Ditch called Soham Load, which divides the Grounds in forsham and Soham from those in Ifleham, beginning next the Highlands, at ten Acres of Robert Moody Gentleman.

Ten Acres of George Coote

Ten Acres of Robert Moody junior

Ten Acres of Miss Shepheard V

Forty Acres of James Bidler Esquire, called the Bank Ground /

Ten Acres of Robert Moody junior V

Ten Acres, called the Hospital Ground J

In the SECOND WENT.

twenty-two Acres of James Buller Esquire

Twenty Acres of Ditto 4

Thirteen Acres of Ditto East Side of Bank Ground

Ten Acres of Ditto f Drove Way.

Sixty Acres of James Buller Esquire, called the Sheep ivalk, Part of V two hundred Acres and upwards, in his Ground called west Fen J

In ffothird WENT.

West Side of Bank Ground Drove Way.

At Five Acres of Robert Sharp.

Five Acres of Mistress Overflow

Five Acres of Francis Norman

Five Acres of Joseph Sharp

Five Acres of Lord Sandys

Five Acres of Robert Sharp

Five Acres of Bradwell Brown

Five Acres of Jatnes Buller Esquire

Five Acres of Joseph Sharp

Five Acres of Francis Norman

Fifteen Acres of Alice Moore

Ten Acres of Robert and Edward Cropley

Ten Acres of Robert Sharp

Twenty Acres of Edward Pearson

Ten Acres of Humphry Diver

West Side of Normans Drove Way.

East Side of Ditto.

Siding next Cross Causey Drove Way, South.

In the Lord sandys's Acre

Twenty Acres of Robert Moody junior Twenty Acres of The Hospital Twenty Acres of King's College

FOURTH WENT.

j

Abutting on Cross Causey Drove I Nay, South.

In

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 18." 201

In the FIFTH WEN T.

The Skirts of the Hives, and other Grounds, to Sheeplayer Drove Way.

Fifteen Acres of Robert Knight.

Six Acres, p'art of fifteen Acres, of George Edwards.

Four Acres, Part of fifteen Acres, of Elizabeth Wells.

In the Township of ELY.

Skirt Lands about Stuntney.

Two Acres, Part of three Acres, of Jof. Long, called The ash Holt.

Below STUNTNEY FIELD.

Half an Acre, Part of five Acres, of Thomas Gotobed.

Two Acres, Part of thirty Acres, of Morley Unwin Clerk.

In the D AIRY S.

Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Richard Egnev.

Five Acres and an half, Part of twelve Acres, of Thomas Lawrence.

Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of William Hall.

Five Acres of Henry Robinson Esquire.

Two Acres, Part of six Acres, of William Jugg.

Two Acres, Part of five Acres, of Lord Townshend (Long Half Acre.)

In the TURF F E N Parts.

Ten Acres, i^rt of thirteen Acres, of Thomas Lawrence.

Seven Acres and a Half, Part of twelve Acres, of William Jugg.

Eight Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of Mailer Brokalfby.

Six Acres, Part of twelve Acres, of William Jagg.

Four Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, of Jof. Long (Long Swaths.)

Twelve Acres of Thomas Lawrence.

Twelve Acres of Henry Gunning Clerk.

twenty six Acres, Part of twenty-eight Acres, of Miss Sheppard (Bugs Close)

Three Acres, Part of thirty-two Acres, of Millrefs Leeds Delf Bridge Holts)

Eight Acres, Part of eleven Acres, of Miss Sheppard.

Thirteen Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, of the Lay Clerks.

Fourteen Acres, Part of seventeen Acres, of Ditto.

thirty-five Acres and a half, Part of forty seven Acres, of the Lay Clerks, in four Pieces.

Thirty Acres, Part of thirty-four Acres, of Thomas Evans.

Seventeen Acres, Part of twenty Acres, of Henry Robinson Esquire.

Two Acres, Part of eighteen Acres, of Thomas Gotobed.

One Acre, Part of nine Acres, of Mailer Outlaw.

One Acre and a Half, Part of nine Acres, of Joseph Long.

Half an Acre, Part of nine Acres, o f I William Hall.

Half an Acre, Part of one Acre, of Henry Robinson Esquire, Fenfule Tare.

One Acre, Part of six Acres, of Ditto. [Long Holt.)

Half an Acre, Part of four Acres, of Ditto. (Kitchen Holt.)

Six Acres, Part of seven Acres, of Ditto. (The Hill.)

In N O R N E Y FARM belonging to Thomas Cockayne Esquire.

One Acre and a Half, Part of three Acres.

The SIX ACRES CLOSE.

Four Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres.

Sixteen Acres, the Little Hill.

twenty-three Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres, the Middle Hill.

Seven Acres and a Half, Part of nine Acres, of Millrefs Leeds, called The Thorowfare Ground.

/; / THORNEY FARM belonging to Mrs.' Markham.

Six Acres, Part of twenty-one Acres, in three Pieces.

Five Acres, Part of seven Acres.

Ten Acres, Part of fifteen Acres.

Six Acres, Part of sixteen Acres.

Nine Acres, Part of sixteen Acres.

In Q_U ANEY FARM belonging to Thomas Jones Clerk.

Four Acres, Part of seven Acres.

XXXIX. And whereas all Lands which ought to be exempted from Taxes, may not have been before Dilutes con particularly mentioned) lie it further enabled, That if any Dispute shall arise concerning the Exemption cernin§^VOL. VIII'Dd ofemftion oflarhl5

C 19.. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

to be exempted, to be determined by View o; g commifilners on Oath.

Two Copies to be made ot' fseh determirt.i'.iona, c.

Limitation of Actions,

General issue,

[Treble Costs.]

Public Act,

of such Lands from Taxes, the same shall be determined upon View within four Months after parting this Act, by nine or more of the said Commissioners no ways interested in the Property of the Lands in qcre ftion and all such Commissioners, before they proceed to determine such Disputes, shall take an Oath well and truly, to the bed of their Judgement, to determine whether such Lands ought, or ought not to be exempted from Taxes; which Oath any one or more of the Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer; and such Commissioners shall set forth their Determination in two distinct Writings, and shall sign the same; and one of such Writings shall be delivered to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, and the other o such Writings shall be deport ted in the Parish Church of the Holy Trinity in Ely.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suitor Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this al, and in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby given, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and shall be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the Laid Ific of Ely, or in the said County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons adiing by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and may give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fact alleged in such Action or Suit to have been done, was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits; or if any Judgement shall be given against him, her or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise; or in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XLI. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

[Preamble.]

tsc Yin and i.ow Gr > mil before described, divided i, Uo two di(trift3.

Certain Persons appointed com mioioner', with ctii'ri, to be thofen for the several Place,

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Hie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, lying and being in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, containing in the Whole two thousand two hundred and fifty Acres, or thereabouts, and which are bounded and described as follows; (that is to say) From Slade bridge, by the West Side of the Drain called hfimblingtc n - learn, or the twenty foot, to the Drain called Vermuydens Drain, or the forty foot at Gorcivillow; and from. ' thence by the South Side of the said Forty foot, to Garter s Bridge; and from thence by the Hard Lands 1 of Curs and Gore Common, to slade bridge again; and from thence by the East Side of the said itimbling ion leaned, to the said Forty foot at Gorcivillow \ and from thence on the South Side of the said Forty foot, to Langwood Hill, near Horjfeway, and so by the Hard Lands on the West Side of Longwood Hill, and by the Hard Lands, round Hick's mar fen, Birch fen, Dellfield and Northo, and the Hard Lauds, to Slade bridge, and all the Lowlands and Grounds lying within such Boundaries, containing, by Estimation, one thousand two hundred Acres, or threabouts; which said Lands and Grounds may be conveniently, and are therefore herein after, made the first District of the Lands, Grounds and Commons, intended by this Act to be drained and preserved; and also all those Lands and Grounds bounded and described as fol lows (that is to say) From Garter s Bridge, by or along the Bank on the North Side of the said Drain call ' CD Vermuydens, or the forty foot, to tvimblingtem leam aforesaid; and along the North West Side of the said Leaned, to the Turf fen, and across the said Turf fen, to the South West Corner of the Lowlands r' belonging to Sir Thomas Peyton Baronet; and from thence by jvcel Bank, to a Piece of Land called Low Brakeny; and by Low Brakeny, to Woodley Grove, and by the Hard Lands of jvoodley Grove, including the Lowlands of Woodley Grove, to the South East Corner of the Town land called fjhrow Piece, and from thence by the North Side of eafla!l moor, to the Turf Fen lane; and from thence by the Hard Lands of Underhills and Gents piece, to the common Highway; and by the common Highway to Garter s 4 Bridge; and all the Lowlands and Grounds lying within such Boundaries, containing, by Estimation,

one thousand and fifty Acres, or thereabouts; which said Lands and Grounds may be conveniently, and are therefore herein after, made the fecoud District of the Lands, Grounds and Commons, hereby intended to be drained and preserved; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spi litual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, shall he, and are hereby divided int two Districts, in such and the same Manner as the same are herein before set forth, bounded and described, and shall be called and known by (he Names of The Lirjl and Second di/lrifls, in such Manner as is herein before particularly mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the time being, of the several and respective Manors of Doddington, with the Members, Chatteris, Chatteris ramjcy, Chatteris Nuns, Tindalls ami Lifes, and Parties lately gardner's, or in his or their Absence, an Agent appointed by such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, under his, her or their H ind or Hands, for each Member respectively, the Rector of Doddington for the time being, and the Vicai of Chatteris for the time

3'being;

C 19.

ic

being; and also each and every real Owner for the time being respectively of twenty Acres or more of several Lands, subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, lying within the said Parishes of Chatteris or Doddington, or within either of them; and also each and every real Owner for the time being respectively of two or more Rights of Common, on the Commons and Commonable Parts lying within the said Parish of Chatteris, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act and all the Powers herein contained in Execution, within and in relation to the said Districts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Commissioner who is the real Owner of twenty Acres or more of such several Lands as aforesaid, or of two or more Rights of Common as aforesaid, and every such respective Commissioner is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, from time to time, and for such Time as he or he hall think proper, an Agent to act in his or her Absence as a Commissioner, and such Agents hall and may, in the Absence of the Persons respectively by whom they shall be so appointed, aft as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as such coin nuflioners respectively might aft and do, if they were personally present.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be joint Owner with any other Person or Persons oi several Lands subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, or of any such Rights of Common, as aforesaid, and the Property of such Person in such Lands, or in such Lights of Common, hall be equal to, or exceed, the respective Quantities of several Lands, or the Numbers of such Rights of Common, as are herein before respectively mentioned for the Qualification of commissioners to act, or to appoint Agents to act in their Absence; every such Person shall be, and is hereby respectively empowered to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and the Powers therein contained, and to appoint an Agent as aforesaid, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person was distinctly and separately possessed of such Interest or Property in such respective several Lands or Rights of Common; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, That no Person whatsoever shall act as a Commissioner during the Time he shall hold any Office of Profit in or relating to the Execution of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall hold two General Meetings in every Year; that is to say, on the first Thursday in May, and on the first Thursday in October; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may meet at such other Time or Times as they shall think proper; and the first: Meeting of the said commissioners shall be held at the House known by the Sign of the George in the Town of Chatteris, on the fourteenth Day after the Day of passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners assembled at the said first Electing, or at any General Meeting, shall and may then, and, from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to, and meet at, such other Time and Times, as they, or any five or more of them respective jy, shall think fit; and such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may also meet at such other Time and Times as any five or more of them respectively shall think necessary to appoint, by Notice in Writing, under their Hands, to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches in the Towns of Chatteris and dod dington, seven Days at the leaf! before the holding any such Electing; and no more shall be expended out of the Moneys to arise by virtue of this Act, than the Sum of ten Shillings at any one of the said half yearly General Meetings; nor more than the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence at any other Electing to be held by virtue of this Act, to be paid in equal Eioieties out of the Moneys arising within, or in relation to each respective District.

VII. Provided always, That all the General Meetings, and all the Meetings which shall be held by Adjournment, or be fumir.oned, in Elanner as aforesaid, shall be held at such convenient Place or Places in the said Towns of Chatteris or Doddington, as the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be assembled at the previous Electing which shall be held by Adjournment, shall appoint, or as shall be specified in the Notice for summoning such Meetings respectively, and not elsewhere; so that every seventh E/ieeting at least, shall always be held at the said Town of Doddington.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at all or any of their Eleetings to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby fully empowered, from time to time, to make, support, alter and maintain, or cause to be made, supported, altered and maintained, such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels. Headings, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Works and Engines, in, through and upon the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, or any Part thereof, in such respective Districts, and to make, erect, remove, alter, repair and maintain, all such Works and Engines thereupon; and if any Works or Engines are already made or erected in or upon such Fen Lands, Low Grounds or Commons, to remove, alter, repair or continue the same, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to time, think necessary or convenient for draining and preserving the said Lands, Grounds and Commons; and also to make such Orders, and give such Directions for carrying on, and for the better and more orderly Government of the said Works, and for executing the Purposes of this Act, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who hath or have a Right to the Soil through or upon which any such Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank, Tunnel, Heading, Tray, Stamp, Outlet, Work or Engine, shall be made or erected, for the Damages he, she or they shall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and such Person or Persons; and in case of Difference concerningyhe same, such Recompense shall he assessed and determined by any four Commissioners, or other Persons, not having Property in the District wherein such Lands lie, two of which Commissioners or Persons shall be nominated by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the other two Commissioners or Persons, by the Owner or Owners of such Soil; and such four Commissioners, or Persons so nominated, hall, before they proceed to determine such

D d z Dispute,

to execute the A a.

An Agent so be appointed for tto Acres any com mtflioner shall be possessed of.

Joint Owners of Lands fufscient for a Qualification, &c. may act as Commi f fioner', and appoint Agents.

Persons difqua lifisd from aiding as comiiiif fioners.

Commissioners to meet twice in every Year.

First general Meeting when to be held. Adjournm 'nts, and other Meetings of the Commissioners.

Sums allowed to beexpended at half yearly and other Meetings,

Meetings where to be held.

Commissioners empowered to cut Drains, and perform all other Works proper for draining the Lands,

Satisfaction to be made to private Owners for Damaoes done

n

to their Grounds j

to be determined, in case of Difference, by Commissioners,

who are fochocfe en Umpire.

Commissioners to appoint col ie£h>rs, and oti; cr Officers;

who are to be removable,

and to give Security.

An Acre Rate to be laid on the Lands for raising Money for earn: on the i'urposes of this Act.

[Proviso.]

z.ands exempted from 'lax.

Quantities of Land to be taxed, to tc given in to commissioners.

Penalty on "Neglect.

C 19. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Dispute, choose one other Commissioner or Person, not having Property in such District, as an Umpire, to determine such Dispute, in case such four Commissioners or Persons should be equally divided in their Opinions; and ali such Commissioners and Persons, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall take an Oath well and truly, to the hest of their Judgement and Knowledge, to assess and determine such Damages and Recompense (which Oath any one or more of the Commissioners is or are hereby empowered to administer) and such Commissioners or Persons shall set forth their Determination in two distinct Writings, and shall sign the same; one of which Writings shall be delivered to such Owner or Owners, and the other of such Writings shall be deposited with such Person, or in such Place, as the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint; and such Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembleo at all or any of the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and are hereby respectively empowered to appoint such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other proper Officer or Officers for each of the said Distribts, as they the said Commissioners, or any sin e or nnore of them, shall think fit, for the taking Care of all such Works, and for collecting the Taxes or assessments which shall he made, rated or assessed, in each of the said Distribts, and to allow to such Officers, out of such Taxes or Assessments, such yearly or other Wages or Salaries for their rouble and Pains in their respective Offices, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, present at any such Meeting, shall think reasonable; which said Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officer or Officers so to be appointed, may be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which ten Days Notice at the least shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches in the Towns of Chatteris and doddington \ another or others appointed in his or their Stead, as Occasion shall require; and such Treasurers, Collectors or Receivers shall, before they abt in the Execution of their respective Offices, give such Security, (if the same shall be required) for the due Execution of such respective Offices, and for performing the several Trusts to them committed, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at any Meeting, shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, assembled at their first, and at any General half yearly Meeting or Meetings, yearly and every Year, to afiefs, rate, tax and charge, all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all and Angular the said several Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, within the said Distribts, by an equal and proportionable Tax or Assessment, in any Rate or Sum not exceeding one Shilling and six Pence for every Acre of such several Lands in the said first District, and not exceeding two Shillings for every Acre of such several Lands in the said second District, and not exceeding seven Shillings and six Pence for every Right of Common on the said Commons and commonable Parts, in any one Year, over and above such Taxes and Assessments, where to the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, now are or hereafter may be chargeable; and also to limit and appoint such Days and Places for the respective Payments of such Taxes or Assessments to the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for such respective Distribts, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall think proper.

XI. Provided always, That the Taxes to be assessed upon the said Common Rights, shall always be in exabt Proportion to the Taxes assessed upon such several Lands, according to the Rates herein before authorised to be assessed on such Lands and Common Rights respectively.

XII. And whereas there are three Rights of Common, on the Commons and commonable Parts, lying within the said first District, in the said Parish of Chatteris, and now belonging to Richard Read Esquire, C yohn Gardener junior, and Henry Brozvn, which can and do Stock only Part of the Year and are each of them of no more than Half the Value of any other of the Rights of Common, on the same Commons and commonable Parts; 'Be it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners and Occupiers of the said three Rights of Common, shall not he liable to be rated or assessed, or to pay in any one Year, for or in Respect of such Rights, more than after the Rate of one Moiety of the Tax which shall be rated, assessed or paid, for or in Respect of the other Rights in the said first District in each respective Year; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quantities of the several Lands to be rated and taxed as aforesaid within the said respective Distribts, shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousantl seven hundred and fifty-eight, he given in to the Receivers or Collectors of such respective Distribts, by the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of such Lands; and if any of such Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to give in to any such Receivers or Collectors a particular Account of the Number of Acres contained in their several Lands; or in case there shall be reason to suspect the Number of Acres is not truly stated in any such Account, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order a Survey to be made of any of the said Lands, by an able Surveyor, not being a Proprietor of any Lands in the District, upon Oath, which Oath any two of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer, and any Survey which shall be so made, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said Commissioners, or ally five or more of them, to ascertain and determine the Quantities of such Lands, and the Charge of surveying the Lands of such Person or Persons as shall neglect or refuse to give in such Account, or deliver in a false Account, shall be paid by such Person or Persons respectively; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, shall be recovered in such Manner as the Taxes are herein directed to be recovered; and in case it shall appear upon any such Survey, that the Number of Acres was truly stated in any such Account, the Charge of such Survey shall

C 19.

20

be defrayed out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act, within the District wherein such Survey shall be so made.

XIV. Provided also, That no Tax or Assessment shall be rated, charged or levied, for or in respect of Sucl1 Lands any Lands, being Part of the Lands bounded and described as aforesaid, which are known and distinguished ^jndatlln^ by the Name of Highlands, and have not been fi bjeci: to Inundations; and if any Dispute shall arise wheal to be taxes! there any of such Lands shall or shall not be deemed Highlands, the same shall be finally determined, in such and the same Manner as is herein before mentioned and prescribed, for ascertaining the Recompense to be made for Damages sustained by making or erecting any Works in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And whereas there is a certain Quantity of Waste Land called the Turf fen, containing three Commissioners hundred Acres or thereabouts, lying in the said second District, and is common to both the said Parishes may sever so of Chatteris and Doddington, which for Time immemorial hath been used for the digging of Fuel by the much of the Inhabitants of both the said Parishes, and being of a very low Situation, is subject to be overflowed, and Common Land?, is become almost useless, but may be made of Advantage to both the said Parishes by draining the same, but no Tax can be laid thereon, by Rea tonne it is not known who are the Persons to be charged with such cient to pay the Tax Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis Taxes charged sioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered to fever and divide into Lots or Par on the rest, eels, and enclose by Ditches or otherwfe, any Part of the said waste Land, not exceeding forty Acres in the Whole, to hold the same to the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, in Severalty, freed and discharged of and from all Right of Common or Claim of what Kind soever, to be had or made thereto by any Commoner or Commoners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever; it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to demise or let from Year to Year and not otherwise, all or any Part of the said Land so severed, divided and inclosed, to any Person or Persons who will contract for and hire the same; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have the like Remedy by Distress and Sale, or otherwise howsoever, for the Recovery of any Arrears of lint that shall or may hereafter be incurred by the Tenant or Tenants thereof, or for recovering the pcf session thereof, or of any Part thereof, as any Lefl or or Landlord may or can have by virtue of any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm; and the Rents, Kfijes and Profits thereof, shall be applied and disposed of, in such Manner as the Taxes arising within the said second district: are by this Act: directed to be applied.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven Commissioners or more of them, to borrow, take up and receive any Sum or Sums of Money that they shall think proper, ^jayn akaet^te upon the Credit of the Taxes or Assessments in each respective District, and by Writing, without Stamps, rest fur canvi^ under the Hands and Seals of any seven or more of them, to mortgage, charge, assign and convey, or in on the Wovks, & cumber the Taxes or assessments so to be afiefl ed and levied within each respective District, with and for and assign the the Repayment of the Sums so borrowed, with such Interest, at such Times, and with such Provisoes and ate! asa '^eca' Conditions of Redemption, as shall be agreed on, but the Interest for such Moneys shall not exceed the Rate rity or 1

of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and such Moneys shall be separately and distinctly borrowed for the Use of each District; and it shall be particularly set forth in every such Assignment, for which of the said Districts such Moneys are so respectively borrowed.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Mortgages and Securities shall and may be assign Assignments able or transferable by Endorsement on the original Grant or Security, or otherwise, without Stamp, to m3yke transfer any Person or Persons whatsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Asignment shall rcd<

be made, shall, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, in the District to which such Mortgage or Security shall relate, be well and sufficiently entitled to such Mortgage Moneys and Interest, and all the Moneys due and to grow due thereon; which Entry is hereby required to be made upon Request, and producing such Assignment, and paying two Shillings and six Pence for every such Entry; and such Assignee or Assignees, and every after Assignee and Assignees, shall Alignments to and may in like Manner by Endorsement, or otherwise, without Stamp, assign and make over such Mori le entered m a gauge or Mortgages, and Securities so assigned as aforesaid, and so toties quoties, as Occasion shall require; Book' every such Alignment or Transfer being entered in such Book, as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more than the limitation of

respective Sums following shall be borrowed or owing at any one Time on the Credit or Security of the jkesum to te Taxes or Assessments arising within or in relation to the said respective Districts; that is to say, on the bunoue

Taxes for the first District, six hundred Pounds; or on the Taxes for the second District, seven hundred Pounds; and that the Taxes in each respective District shall not, during the Time any Principal or Interest Moneys shall be due on the Security thereof, be less in any one Year than one Shilling for every Acre of several land s in the first District; than one Shilling and six Pence for every Acre of several Lands in the second District; or than five Shillings for each Right of Common.

XIX. Provided always, and it is further enacted and declared, That the Taxes or Assessments within Rates charreably: the said respective Districts, shall be chargeable with the Payment of the Principal Money so to be borrowed with the Monks by the said Commissioners, and the Interest of such Money, from time to time, and shall vest in the respectborrowed ther* tive Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully satis lne'fa

fied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof; and the said ^t myo ve/hn* Creditors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights and the Creditors. Privileges of assessing, raising and recovering the several Taxes or assessments payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds within such Distrjfts respectively, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners and their Collectors or Receivers could have had, in case such Principal and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Taxes or Assessments Application of which shall be rated and paid by virtue of this actin each of the said Districts, and the Moneys borrowed the Afieflmcuss,

on

&c.

2o6 C i 9,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D.

L 1 J' /'

rf parting this Act to hi firci paid.

Taxes how to be levied in Default of Payment.

on the Credit of such Taxes or Assessments respectively, shall be applied and expended in defraying such Proportion of the Expenses of this Act, as is herein afrer particularly appointed to be defrayed, by or on the Behalf of such Districts; and also in making, performing, erecting and maintaining the Works for draining, imbanking and preserving the Lands in each District respectively, wherein or upon Account whereof such Taxes or Assessments final 1 be raised and paid, and such Moneys lijall be borrowed, and in defraying the other necessary Expenses of executing this Act, and in discharging of the Principal and interest of the Moneys borrowed in relation to and upon account of each of such Districts respectively.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expenses of obtaining this Act, shall, in the first Place, be born and defrayed out of the Taxes or Assessments raised in each of the said Districts respectively, or out of the Adonies to be borrowed on the Credit of such Taxes or Assessments, in the Proportions following; that is to say, three Parts in five of such Charges and Expenses shall be paid out of the A'ionics arising within or in relation to the first District; and the remaining two fifths of such Charges and Expenses, shall be paid out of the Adonies arising within or in relation to the second District.

XXIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so rated and assess'.d as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Tax or Assessment charged upon him, her or them respectively, for the Space of twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment, to be limited and appointed as aforesaid, public Notice thereof being affixed on some public Places in Chatteris or D adding tonne, and demand made by the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or by some other Person or Persons authorised by him or them respectively for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, to make as occasion shall require) to enter into and upon the Lands, Grounds and Commons, so rated and taxed, in Possession of such Person or Persons as shall so make Default in Payment as aforesaid, and all Messuages or Tenements thereupon branding, or thereunto belonging, with the Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her or them payable for such Rate or Tax, by Distress of the Goods and Chattles which shall be found on the Premises so charged with any such Rate or Tax in Arrear as aforesaid 5 and in case no sufficient Distress can be found on the premisses, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy all Arrears of the said Taxes by Distress of the Goods and Chattles of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, in any other Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Goods and Chattles so distrained, to impound on the premisses, or take, lead, drive, carry away and keep for the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof, leaving at such Message or Tenement, Grounds or premisses, Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress; if the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattles so distrained shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so act efted or rated, and in Arrear as aforesaid, with all Charges attending such Distress, or replevy the Goods and Chattles so distrained, with sufficient Sureties to be given to the Sheriff of the said County, or Chief Bailiff of the Isle of Ely, according to the Laws now in Being for Distresses in Cases of nonpayment of Rent, within five Days next after such Distress made, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so distraining, may, with the Sheriff or Undersheriff of the County, Bailiff of the Isle of Ely, or Constable or Iieadborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who are hereby required to assist therein) cause the Goods and Chattles so distrained, to be nppraised by two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by such Sheriff, under sheriff, Bailiff, Constable or Headborough (who are hereby empowered to administer such Oath) to appraise the same according to the hest of their Judgement; and after such Appraisement, it shall he lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons making such Distress, to sell the Goods and Chattles so distrained, for the hest Price that can be got for the same, for and towards Satisfaction of the Moneys for which such Distress shall be so made, and the Charges of taking, keeping, appraising and selling the Goods and Chattles jo distrained, leaving the Overplus (if any be) in the Hands of such Sheriff, under sheriff, Bailiff, Constable or Headborough, for the owner's Use; the Tenant and Tenants of all and singular the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds and Commons, which shall be rated and act efled by virtue of this Act, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay such Taxes or Assessments, and to deduct the same out of his, her and their Rent; and every Tenant paying such Tax or Assessment, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Aloney as such Tax or Assessment shall amount unto, as if the same had been act nally paid to the an! deduced out person or Persons entitled to the Rent of such Lands, Grounds and Commons, except where there is aleafe 1' lj' r 1, C for three or more Years to come from the Commencement of this Acts; in which Case the Proportion of the Tax or Assessment which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in Consideration of the Benefit he or flic receives by such Lease, shall be adjusted and awarded by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order which shall be irade by the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, at any of their Alcetings, shall be altered, icvcrfed, annulled or made void, at any subsequent Meeting, unless seven or more of the c0111 missioners be present at such Meeting, and five or more be consenting thereto; nor unless ten Days Notice in Wilting lie affixed on the Doors of the Churches in Chatteris and doddington, in which said Notice the Intent and Defi n of such Meeting shall be declared 5 and that every Older for executing the Powers of this Act shall be made nt a A/iccting of the Commissioners to be held in such Manner as is herein before appointed or authorised, and not otherwise; except only as to the granting of Precepts or Warrants for levying Taxes or Penalties, which shall and may be granted and signed by such Commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary, and be required.

Tjx to lie paid LV the Tenant

No Order made by 'he C nmn'f l.o ers to be re pede I, unlefj 5 content.

C 1 9. 207

Penalty upon Persons cutting dovi n cr dcflrcy ing Banks or other Works.

Offender m?v be transpotied.

Persons convish ed of deflvoying, flopping, or damming up the Drains, forleit 50 1.

For want of Dithers the Offender to be committed.

Allowance to be made out of the Taxes for de ftrcying Moles

c

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, breakdown, burn, demolish or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, flood gate or Sluice, already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or ereifting, or made or erected, supported, maintained or used, in either of the said Distritfts, for answering the Purposes of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for seven Years, in the like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws of this Realm: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously stop, dam up, demolish, damage or destroy any River, Drain, Watercourse, Door, Dam, Bridge, Style or other Work or Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, maintained or used for answering the Purposes of this Act; every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of" the Peace for thelfle of Ely (who are hereby required to hear and determine the same on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es) shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to be applied and laid out in carrying on the Works and Improvements in that District, wherein or in Relation where to such Offence shall be committed; and for want of such sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justices, be committed to the common Gaol of the said Isle of Ely, for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, at the Discretion of the said justices.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby empowered, out of the Moneys arising in or upon Account of the said respective Dillrihls, to make such Allowances for the catching or destroying of Moles in the Banks or Lands belonging to the said respective districts, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XXVI. And whereas it frequently happens, by the Negligence or Carelessness of Servants or other Persons employed in burning Fen Lands, in order to their being ploughed and broke up into Tillage, that the Banks lying contiguous and adjoining to such Lands are burnt and damaged by the Fire being suffered 14 to remain too long on such Lands, and to spread to such banks be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who shall he employed in burning any of the Lands or Groundslying within either of the said districts, shall, by Carelessness ornegligence, fire, or cause to be fired, any of the Banks lying near or adjoining to any of the said Lands or Grounds, so as such Banks be by means of such Fire, burned, destroyed or damaged; such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer, and to hear and determine such Offence) shall give such Recompense and Satisfaction for the Damages done by every such Offender, and within such Time as by such Justices shall be ordered and appointed, to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the district wherein such Offence was committed, to be applied for the repairing and amending such Bank; and in case of nonpayment thereof, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom such conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient £)istress, such Offender shall, by such Justices, be committed to the House of Correction for the said ijlc, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding three Months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall erect, setup, use or work any Horse Mill, Gigg, or other Engine or Device whatsoever, for draining or discharging Water from any Lands in the said respective districts, through or upon the Lands of any other Person or Persons, or in any other Manner than directly and immediately from the Lands of the respective Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine or Device, into the said Drain called Vcrmuydens, or the forty foot; every Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same; and the Owner of such Mill, Gigg, Engine or Device, shall also make full compenfa tioit and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damages such Person or Persons hall thereby sustain; such Penalty, Compensation and Satisfaction shall be recovered, together with Full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Imformation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Lav, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once in every Year (that is to say) at the General Meeting on the first Thursday in May, and on any subsequent Days, to which the said of, or any five or more of them, shah adjourn, Inspection shall be had by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Moneys as shall have been raised and received by virtue of this A CL in and in relation to the said districts respectively, for the Year then last past, and all Accounts relating to the said districts, shall he at such Meeting, or within ten Days after, made up and settled by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them then assembled; whici the several Treasurers, Collectors or Receivers of the Taxes or Act'eflrnents in such respective districts hereby required to attend with proper Books of Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, and ail Vouchers for the same: And upon Consideration and Examination of such Accounts, and of all other Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Money raised and received by virtue of this Act, within or Vouchers, in Relation to such Districts reflectively, and upon Oath (if the same shall be required by any five or more

of the said Commissioners, which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to allow and pass, under their Hands, the said Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts of the same, as they shall fie just and: reasonable; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof, shall be faiiiy entered in two di.

Satisfaction (0 be made for Damages done lo ihe Banks, by burning of the grounds.

Penalty of throwing the upon another l'erson'e Lands, and not iinmediat' ly into the public Drains.

Accounts to be audited CII Oath, yearly 5

assembled; which Time st which Times

the Colit flors and Receivers are to at citd will) their.

are 1

208 C 19,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Accounts, after t !iev are patled, to be entered in 2 >ets of Becks, c.

Proceedings of to be entered in Book?, a id signed,

and may be produced, and read in Evidence.

Penalty of cutting Turf within a certain Distance of the Banks; and cf making or continuing the Use of Watering Places for Cattle; and of making any sock dyke, A C near the Banks;

the said Penalties how 10 be recovered.

Tunnel to be

laid under Wimblmgion Loam, tec.

unless a Mill be defied for an fwerirg the i'ur[ ofe thereof.

Charges thereof to be pa; d rv the f.: ft District",

sufsrient Drains to be made in te fecoud l)i l.rift. in particular Paris thereof;

an. proper brihrcs ard 'i iin.neh, to be d frayed by the fto nd Diitrifl.

Kencca to'e rri tle i I. j each

District.

iltnc5t and separate Sets of Books to be kept for each District: for that Purpose; Set whereof shall be kept by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such other Person or Persons for each District respectively, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint; and the other Set thereof for the first di ftjict, shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Chatteris aforesaid; the other Set thereof for the said second Difhrict, in the Parish Church of Doeldington aforesaid, or in such other convenient Places as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit; and the Books so deposited shall and may he inspected and perused at any'l ime, at reasonable Times, by or at the Request of any Person or Persons rated or taxed in pursuance of this Act, on paying six Pence for the same.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, at their Meetings, shall be entered in distinct and separate Books to be provided for that Purpose, for the respective District to which such Orders, and Proceedings shall relate; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by five or more of the said Commissioners assembled at such Meetings; and, being so signed, shall be deemed and taken to be Originals; and all such Books, and also the Books hereby directed to be kept for registering the Securities, Alignments and Transfers, shall and may he read in Evidence in all Cases of Suits or Actions, touching anything done in relation to, or in pursuance of, this Act.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall cut or dig any Turf, Hods or Cedes in the said Fen, called Turf fen, within the Distance of ninety Feet from any Bank which may be made by virtue of this Act, from ivimblington Learn across such Fen, to the said Lowlands belonging to Sir Thomas Peyton, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Person or Persons dial make, or cause to be made, any Watering Place, or any Place of Access for Cattle to drink, in any Mill Drain, within any of the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds or Commons hereby intended to be drained and preserved, every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall make or cause to be made, any sock dike or sock gripple on any of the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds or Commons, within the Distance of ninety Feet from any Bank now made, or hereafter to be made, within either of the said Districts, every such Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fourpence for every Foot in Length of such sock dike or sock gripple, and the like Sum for every Month during which the same shall be continued; all which Forfeitures shall, upon Conviction of the Offend r or Offenders before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) be immediately paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the District wherein, or in relation where to, such Offence was committed, to be applied for the Improvement of the Works in such District; in case of Nonpayment, such Forfeiture shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Of*Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender shall, by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the House of Correction for the said Ifie, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding three Months.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby enjoined and required, on or before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to cause a sufficient Tunnel to be laid, and for ever thereafter to be kept and maintained, under the said Drain called Wimblington Leam, or the Twenty Foot Drain, lying within the said first District, at or near the End of Curs and Gore Severals, unless the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think it more convenient and necessary to answer the Purposes of Draining to erect a Mill or Engine there, that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, in lieu of such Tunnel, cause a sufficient Mill or Engine (to b. c. eredfed and built, and for ever thereafter to be kept and maintained, and worked as often as shall be necessary, on some convenient Place in Curs and Gore Severals aforesaid; the Expenses of laying down such Tunnel, or of credting and building such Mill or Engine, and maintaining and working the same, shall be defrayed out of the Moneys arising within, or in relation to, the said first District.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby enjoined and required, on or before the first Day of December one thousand seven, hundred and fifty-eight, to make, or cause to be made, and from time to time, always thereafter kept and maintained, one Cut or Drain across the said Waste Land called The Turf Fen, lying in the said second District, from the South East Corner of the Lands in Underhill, belonging to the Remory of Doddington, to the Lands belonging to the Heirs of fofeph Pope, and which are Part of the ninety five thousand Acres described in the Lot Book of the Corporation of Bedford Levels Lot (7) Letter B. and also (lie other Drain across the said turf fen, from the South East Corner of the Lands in Rafail Moor, late John l'gravis, to the said Lands belonging to the Hens o( fofeph Pope; which said several Drains shall he made of the Width of nine Feet at the least at the Top, and of other sufficient Dimentsions; and the said Commissioners, or any five or mote of them, shall, and they are hereby enjoined and required, immediately after such Drains are completed, to cause proper Bridges to built, or Tunnels to be made, and for ever thereafter supported and maintained, in or over the find Drains, in such Part thereof as shall be necessary and convenient for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages; and the Expellees of making, building and maintaining such Drains and Bridges, or Tunnels, shall be defrayed out of the Moneys arising within, or in relation to, the said second Distritft.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby enjoined and icquiied, from time to time, to make, f'ct up and uccf, and for ever repair and maintain, such convenient Gates, Styles or other proper Fences, in and upon

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo

such of the Banks as shall be made by virtue of this Act in each of the said Districfbs, as are necessary to fence in and enclose the separate Property of every Person whose Lands are lying contiguous to, or abut upon the said Banks, so that the Property of one Person shall not lie open to the Property of any other Person; the Expenses of making, setting up, eredhing and maintaining the same, shall be defrayed out of the Moneys arising within, or in relation to, the District wherein such Gates, Styles or other Fences shall be so made, setup or erected.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners for the time Proprietor? of being of certain Lands in Normore, lying upon the said Drain, called Thurlois Drain, or the Sixteen Foot, Lands in Norand now in the possession of Edward Vernam (which said Lands are described in the Great Map of the Great m?re« l main level of the Fens called Bedford Level (Lot 15. Letter D) shall, from time to time, and at all Times here h^b rnk on after, maintain and support in good and sufficient Repair, such Parts of the Bank on the West Side of the the v/?ft s de said Sixteen Foot, as lie within or are adjoining to his, her or their said Lands, and are now maintained, of the Sixteen supported and repaired by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, in order to prevent Foot, ar adjoin the Waters of the said Sixteen Foot from flowing into, or annoying the Lands lying in the said Second Dito the Lid Lai, <ij. strict; and if at any Time hereafter the Water shall overflow such Parts of the said Bank (except such Overflowing shall be occasioned by a Breach of the Great Banks of the Corporation of Bedford Level) or

if the Waters shall pass through any Breach therein, into the said Second District, or into the Lands adjoining thereto, and the said Edward Vernam, or any future Owner or Owners, or the Occuper or Occupiers cf such Lands as aforesaid, shall not. immediately upon Notice thereof being delivered to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their Place or Places of Abode, or at the Place or Places of Abode of such Occupier 01; Occupiers, raise or repair the said Bank, in such Manner as may prevent the Overflowing or Passage of the Water as aforesaid; and as often as such Case shall so happen, it shall be lawful f r the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to cause such Bank to be raised and repaired in such Manner as may efteiiually prevent such Overflowing or Paffrge of the water as aforesaid, and the Expenses necessarily incurred in raising or repairing such Banks, shall be reimbursed to the said of, by the said Edward Vernam, or the future Owner or Owners of such Lands, or the Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and in case of Nonpayment, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Occupier or Occupiers respectively, by Warrant or Precept under the Hands of any three or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to grant for that Purpose) rendering the Overplus to such Occupier or Occupiers, after such Expenses, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be de dudted; and if the Tenant or Tenants of such Lands, shall, upon such Notice as aforesaid, raise or repair Tenants repair such Bank, at his, her or their own Expense, or shall pay the Expense of doing thereof as aforesaid, by '(the lrr.e, cr the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or in case such Expense shall be le thereof \ ied on him, her or them, the same shall be deduced by such Tenant or Tenants, out of his, her or their levied*c/them Rent, and shall be allowed by such Owner or Owners (unless an Agreement be made to the contra y be a e to be aim' tween such Owner or Owners, and Tenant or Tenants) in such Manner as the Taxes paid by the Tenants borfed. are by this Act directed to be deducted and allowed; and if any such Dispute shall arise between any such Dispute? rda ing Occupiers and the said Commissioners, touching the Amount of the Expenses which shall have been necef 10 fuel Charges farily incurred, in raising or repairing such Banks, such Dispute shall be finally determined, in such and the re

same Manner, as is herein before mentioned and prescribed, for ascertaining the Recompense to be made for i'r"ic "Damages sustaine 1 by. making or erecting any Works in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the No tr r? rt first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no 'Frees or Holts shall be planted nearer to hol s to be fhf any Mill which shall be erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, than twenty Poles (being the

Pole of Eighteen Feet); and if any Person or Persons shall plant any Tree or Holt within the Space afore n"ai ann said, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling for every Tri e, and five Pounds for every Holt so planted; and such Trees and Holts shall and may be taken up and carried away, by such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and it shall be lawful for such Person or Pei soils as shall be so authorised for that Purpose, to cut. down any Trees or Holts which shall be growing within the Distance of twenty Poles from any Mill erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, at the Time such Mill shall be so erected or first used, making such Satkfaction to the Owner of such Trees or Holts, as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the said Commissioners, or any five or more, of them, or in case of Difference, such Satisfaction shall be finally determined in such and the same Manner as is herein before mentioned and prescribed for r.fccr taining the Recompense to be made for Damages sustained by making or erecting any Works in pursuance of this Adh

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occu Penal y on denier or Occupiers of any Lands lying within the said Efiftridts, to which any Droveway Dike, Outring oupicis neghd dike or Division Dike, doth or shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open, ns to rodc, nd or repair any such Dike, or to make the same of a sufficient Depth, and of the Width of nine Feet at the omrin^'an1 ui least, after fourteen Days Notice in Writing, given to him, her or them, or left at his or their Place of vjp10, 5>kes. Abode, from time to time, for that Purpose, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the

District wherein such Lands lie (such Collectors or Receivers having an Order in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hands of three or more of the said Commissioners) every such Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Neglect or p, efufal, forfeit and pay the Sum of twelve Pence for every Rod of the Dike so neglected to be roded, fcou+ed, cleansed, opened, repaired, depthened and widened; and it shall be lawful, Coljeftors may; from time to time, for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dikes, at the pro cause the same. per Charge and Expense of such Owners or Occupiers, to be roded, scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired hon^'c' and depthened, ina sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, 'at the least where bi Wayan lvy tje Vol. VIII E e fhs

Charge.

2 I O

C 20.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Mil ta be: n sured stainp.fire

Rights of the Confrrvaws of the Great levej relived.

General refr* ration of Rights.

f imitation of Actions.

[General issue.]

[Public Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

prfatrme, rc 'iting i'artof cadi irj G. a. A 40.

shall have been made over any Dike without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Ways to be taken up, and such Dike to be made of a proper Width and Depth; and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands of three or more of the said Commissioners, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expenses, upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattles; and such Penalties shall be applied to the Use of the District wherein such Lands shall be situate.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any. five or more of them, shall cause each and every Mill and Mills which shall be be erected or employed by virtue of this Act, to be insured against Fire, at some Public Office or Offices; and from time to time to pay the Expense attending such Insurances out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act, in or upon account of the respective District wherein such Mill or Mills shall be erected or employed.

XXXVIII. Provided always', and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said commissioners, or any of them, to have, use or exercise any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with, any of the Banks, Sewers, Drains or Works already made, or hereafter to be made, by the Governor, Bailiff's and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue of an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; or to invalidate, lefien, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators; but that all Rights, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as If this Act had never been made.

XXXIX. Provided also, 2nd it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, 7'h?.t this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, leften, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in the Commissioners, appointed in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present ada jesty, intituled, An Act for improving and preserving the Navigation front salter's Load Sluice in the County of 2\torfolk, to Standgrouna Sluice in the County of Huntingdon; and from flood's Ferry in the djle of Fly in the County of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load in the said County of Huntingdon; and also the Navigation from Gid Bedford Sluice in the said County of Norfolk, to the River Nene in the Parish of Ramsey in the j'aid County of Huntingdon; but that all Rights, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue or the said Act passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, now are vested in the said Commissioners thereby appointed, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue and be in the said Commissioners, and every of them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for anything done or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact be committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the said Isle of Ely, or in the County of Cambridge., and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fact alleged to have been done, was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise; then, and in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Lavare awarded.

XLI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XX.

An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for rebuilding London Bridge, and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti tided, An Act to improve, widen and enlarge the paj/itgc over and through London Bridge; certain Tolls and Sums of Money, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

ami

C 21. 21r

and fifty six, were thereby reserved and made payable, for or upon Account of every Horse, Coach, Cha riot, Hearse, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaise or Chair, passing over the said Bridge, and also by the Owner or Owners of every Hoy, Barge, Vessel, Lighter or other Craft, having any Goods on Board, except as therein is excepted, every Time such Hoy, Barge, vessel, Lighter or other Craft should pals through any of the Arches of the said Bridge; and such Tolls or Sums of Money were vested in the Adayor and Corn'

monalty, and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purposes of the said Aril: And whereas in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Aril, a considerable Progress hath been made in taking down the Houses on the said Bridge, and two of the Arches under the same, in order to lay them into one; and also a 4 Temporary Wooden Bridge was at a great Expense ererited to preserve a Public Passage to and from the said City, which said Wooden Bridge hath been entirely confirmed by Fire, and must necessarily be re built, at a further considerable Expense: And whereas it hath been found by Experience that the said Tolls, or Sums of Money, will not be sufficient for efferiting the Ends and Purposes for which the same were granted and made payable: And whereas a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds hath been granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament, to be applied for rebuilding of London bridgemay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ling's moult Excellent Majesty; by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, there may and shall be applied and paid into the Chamber of the City of London, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, without Account, to be applied for rebuilding the said Bridge.

II. Provided always, That all and every the said Tolls or Sums of Money made payable by the said recited Aril, shall continue and be in Force until the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and no longer; anything in the said recited Arit contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expenses of obtaining and passing this present Aril, shall be paid out of any Money which has been or shall be raised and received by virtue of the said former and this Arit.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things contained in the said former Aris, except such as are hereby discontinued or altered, shall remain, continue and be in full Force, and be executed, as well for the Purposes of this Arit, as of the said former A CL as amply and efferitually as if the same were in and by this Arit, expressly reenacted and declared to take Effect and be in Force.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Aril and all the Powers and Authorities herein contained, shall commence from and after the twenty first Day of Jpril one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.'

VI. And for the more effectually preventing any Person or Persons from burning or destroying the said Bridge; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall unlawfully, w'ilfully and maliciously set Fire to, burn, blow up, pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Works or Buildings which now do or shall belong thereto, or in any vise direrit or procure the same to be done, every such Offender or Offenders being lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of the City of London shall lay an Account of the Application, as well of the said Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, as of all other Moneys received by virtue of this and the said former Aril, before both Houses of Parliament, within twenty Days next after the opening of every Session of Parliament, in the same Manner as is directed by the said former Act.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Arition filial 1 be brought, or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Aril, or in relation to the Premises, or any of them, such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within fix^aionths next after the Farit done, and filiall be laid or brought in the City of London or County of Surry, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Arition, may plead the General Issue, and give this Aril and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Arition or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall he brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, cr suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Arition or Aritions; or if a Verdictl shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, 'the said Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts in other Cases by Law.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Aril shall be deemed a Public Arid:; and shall be taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

1 s, 0701, to be [laid cur of the Supplies granted for the Year 1758, into the Chamber of London.

Toils granted by the former Act to continue to 14 June next, and no longer. Charges of pairing this Act how to be paid.

Continuation of such Powers, cof the former Act as are not hereby difennti nued or altered.

Commencement of this Act.

Penalty of wilfully damaging o destroying the brijge, or any of the Wcrlcs thereof, Dea h.

Account of the Aprdication of the Moneys received to be laid annually before Parliament.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Public Act,

CAP. XXL

An Aril for allowing further Time for Inrclment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; for Relief of

Farther Time given for inrolling Deeds and jvills of Papists till 1 January ca, re, >\ngp.i

Protestant Purchasers. E

XP.

-1759. Refer to 3 Geo. 1. tr. 18.

pip, Jeep, der 3 3 (id. 2. r. 1 & 2 Geo. 3. c. 2o.

2 12 C 2 2.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgiiil A.D. 1757.

[Preamble.]

f.xp'ci eu and an end'd by 32 Cm 2 r. 3 3* And see 2 gco.

3. C 8.

hr so>ntr pro vn, ns re!ati: g he eto, refer to 70 Get). 2. c. 3, & 42. 21 Geo.

2. f. to 26 Geo. IR /.

Employments of Profit, Pensions and Gralui: es, exceed.ng 100 1. per Annum, 10 pay 1 s. per Pound,

Duty on such as are pavat le at the Exchequer, to be deducted and ft.'pt by the Officers there;

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty's several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, upon Houses; upon Windows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of live millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the Laid Rates and Duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

'We, Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous, by the most easy and effectual Ways and Means, to raise such Supplies as are necessary for the Prosecution of the present War, and for enabling your Majesty, at the End thereof,

to establish a good and lasting Peace, have, for that 'End and Purpose, given and granted, and, by this present at, do give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective Duties, Impositions and Sums. ' of Money following, as well for and upon all Salaries, Sees and Perquisites of Offices and Employments in Great Britain, and on all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenues belonging to your Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, as for and upon such' ' Houses, and Windows or Lights, as are herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; ' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, there shall be yearly raised, levied and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs.and successors, the Sum of one Shilling, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, for every twenty, Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Sees and Perquisites, incident unto, or received for or in respect of, all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain; and the like Sum of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings, of all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of one hundred pounds/w Annum.

II. And for the better raising, levying and receiving the said several Sums of Money and Duties hereby charged for and upon the said Offices and Employments of Profit and for and upon the Pensions and Gratuities aforesaid; for the more effectual putting of this at in Execution in reference to the same, it is hereby declared and enacted, That a Deduction shall be made of the said Sum of one Shilling out of every twenty Shillings, payable for or in respect of the Salary, Wages or Sees, of any Offices and Employments payable by the Crown in Great Britain, which exceed one hundred Pounds per Annum and for or in respetft of any Pension or Gratuity which is or shall be payable out of any Revenue belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum 3 and that the Money so dedudbed by the Officers of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, shall remain there for the Purposes here in after declared; and such Part of the said Money as shall be so deducted by any Officer or Officers of the Dutchies of Lancaster and Cornwall, or by any other Commissioners, Officers and Persons, by whom the said Salaries, Wages, Sees, Pensions and Gratuities, are or shall be respectively payable in England, shall be by them paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and such Part of the said Money as shall! be so deducted by any of the Officers of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or by any Commissioners, Officers, or other Persons, by whom the said Salaries, Wages, Sees, Pensions and Gratuities, are or shall be respectively payable in Scotland, shall be paid at the City of Edinburgh, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall constitute and appoint to be Receiver-general, or Receivers thereof, for his Majesty's Use; which laid General Receiver or Receivers shall pay the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster 3 and the Officers of the Exchequer are hereby directed and required to keep separate and distinct Accounts of all Sums of Money by them respectively retained or received, for or in respedi of the said Duty on Offices, and on Pensions and other Gratuities, by virtue of this act, in order that the same may be applied to the Purposes in this at mentioned, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

and d!fun£t Account of the Money retained and received by them.

III. And whereas the Profits of several Offices and Employments in Great Britain, arise in the Whole, Profits of Offices or in Part, from Perquisites, which are due and payable in the Course of Office 3' It is hereby further en to be computed n£led, That such Part of the Sums of Money hereby granted, as are payable for or in respetft of the Profits and pay ee they of any Office or Employment, in any Part of England, jvalcs, and Berwick upon Ttvced, which arise from «erer. ted tot e such Perquisites, shall be computed, raised, levied and paid, according to the annual Value at which such hit Land lax. profits {}an(j valued and rated in the last Assessment to the Land Tax.

P ofis to be

IV. Provided always, That such Profits arising from such Perquisites as aforesaid, shall be deemed and ta deemed rated to ken to have been valued and rated in such last Assessment to the Land Tax, at so much only, as the entire the lanjtjx, Sum, at which any such Office was valued and rated in the said assessment, does exceed the Amount of the

as theremite*1 Salary, Wages or Fees, payable as aforesaid, in respect of the same Office.

Hum ch r^cd cx V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better rating, ordering, levying and icicu the Salary. collecting of the Duty by this at charged upon such Perquisites of such of the said Offices or Employments as are in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed 3 and for the more cf cor.tt.iffionc s ft«£tunl putting of this at in Execution, in reference to the same; the Commissioners of the Land Tax

rr!i< i.mj Tax fr the time being, within the several Counties, Cities, Roroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places of Eng

kj put much jf/alcs, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be Commissioners for putting so much of this al in

Exc nmn n, e Execution, as relates to the Duty hereby charged upon the Perquisites of Offices.

Ijus to the Dutirs upon Perquisites of Cffiec!,

and such 35 tall be deducted at other public Cfh; s, to be paij over into the Exchequer; and such as shall I e deduced in scol anj, to be paid to the Receiver General in Edinburgh, and by him into the Exchequer at vvcfirrinfler. Officer: of the Exchequer to keep a separate

C 22. 213

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the several of aforesaid, ball meet together commissionen at the most usual and common Places of Meeting within each of the Paid Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, to meet on or be cinque Ports, Towns and Places l'espectively, within England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Traced, fere ju!y for which they are appointed of as aforesaid, yearly on or before the third Day of July, and af )earb> terwards in like Manner, as often as it final 1 be necessary for putting so much of this act in Execution, as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the said of, or so many of them as shall be and subdivide present at such Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required, to put theniieives> c so much as aforesaid of this present Act in Execution, and shall also, if they see Cause, subdivide and distribute themselves, and the other of not then present, into less Numbers, so as three or more of the said of may be appointed for the Service of each Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward, or other Division, as may best conduce to the carrying on his Majesty's Services, hereby required; never tpeless, not thereby to restrain the said of, or any of them, from ailing as of in any other Part of the County or Place for which they are appointed: And the said of, within the Commissionen several Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, or other Divisions, in England, Wales, and Ber General wick upon Tweed, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required at such General Meeting, g Days or within eight Days after, according to the best of their Judgments and Discretions, to ascertain and set down after, to rate in Writing, in a Rate to be prepared by them for that Purpose, the Amount of the said Duty of one Shil the Amount of ling in the Pound, to be paid III pursuance of this act, by all of or other Officers, their Clerks, the Duty F Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers and Persons whatsoever, having, using or exer a ^,citing any of the said Offices or Employments, the Salary, Wages, Sees and Perquisites whereof exceed the menus of Profit Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, in Proportion to Wards, or other Divisions, in Proportion to the annual Value at which the Profits of such Offices or Em the Value at I loyments respectively stand valued and rated, in the last Assessment to the Land Tax, for the said respective ^hjhratllj^0 Hundreds and Divisions l'espectively: And to the End the aforesaid Duty on such Perquisites of Offices and [he h ft Land Employments may be duly collected, and true Accounts thereof made, the said of, or any Tax. three or more of them, are hereby required and ordered, within the Time above limited, to sign and seal two Duplicates of the said Rates hereby directed to be made by them, and one of them to deliver, or cause [hereof uj he to be delivered, to such Persons as shall then be Collectors of the Land Tax for each Parish and Place, or to figrej, c. by such other two or more honest and responsible Persons, which the said of shall at their Discre them, and one tion nominate and appoint to be Collectors of this present Duty, for each Parish or Place, with Warrant to delivered to the the Collectors to collect the Sums contained in such Rates, respectively payable as aforesaid, so as the said several Sums may be paid to the Receiver-general at the respective Times herein limited; and if any Person f^colkttinir! or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved, by being overrated by the said of, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, to appeal from the same to the Barons of his Ma vcjr b^efn* jesty's Court of Exchequer, and the Barons of the said Court, or any one or more of them, is and are over rated^ may hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all such Appeals, on or before the last Day of Michael appeal to the ba mas Term yearly; and the said Collectors are hereby required, upon the Application of any Person or Per the ex fohs who shall think himself or themselves overrated to the said Rates, to permit such Person or Persons, or che<iuer' their Stewards or Bailiffs, or other proper Representatives, to inspect the Duplicates of such Rates, upon Collectors to the Division or district of which he is Collector, at all seasonable Times in the Day, without any Fee or on'of the Rates Reward for the same; and every Person so intending to appeal to the said Barons, shall, and he is hereby re

to give Notice thereof in Writing, to one or more of the Collectors of the Parish wherein he is rated, of ven^thent cf in such his Intention to appeal; and it is hereby declared, that all Appeals once heard and determined by the tention to ap said Barons, or any one or more of them, shall be final, without any further Appeal upon any Pretence peal, whatsoever: the said of are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule flppeals once or Duplicate in Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum race within each Parish or Place, unto the Receiver-general of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town 0 e and Place respectively in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or his Deputy; and shall transmit, or a Duplicate in cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King's remembrancer's Office of the Exche Parchment of (juer; and this the said of shall cause to be done, upon or before the first Day of Hilary Term, ffisrate b. c. or V*hin twenty Days after (all Appeals being first determined) for which Duplicates the Remembrancer, or his Deputy, shall give to the Person who brings the same, a Receipt in Writing gratis. rad^and on^ta

the remembrancer's Office, by the first Day of Hilary Term, or 20 Days after (all Appeals first determined.)

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty by this act imposed upon Offices or Employments within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid, shall in all respects (save as is herein ot nerwife enacted and provided) be raised, levied, collected and "paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purpose in this Act expressed, in such and in like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Difobiliiies, and according to such' Rules, Methods and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting and paying the Add commonly called The Land Tax, within England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, in and by an act of Parliament made and passed in this present Session of Parliame. t, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty l>y a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be af fifed upon sonier set House in the Strand; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said act, for the raising, levying, collecting and paying the Rates or Duties thereby granted, within England, Wales, oc Berwick upon Tweed, (so far forth as the same are not with respect to the Duties granted by this present act varied and altered) shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, levying, collecting and paying the Lid Duty by this act imposed on Offices and Employments, within England, Wales, and Berwick upon

Tweed

Duty to be raised, ccllefted and paid, m like Manner, and with such Allowances, and under sinh Penalties, CS the Land Tax of this Session.

214 C 22.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Their Royal Highness es the Princess Dowager of Wales, and Prince of Wales, not chargeable, nor their Officers or Servants;

nor his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, nor the Princess Royal, nor Princess Amelia.

Perquisites of Offices ami Em picyrrentsto pay where last allel fed.

bird half yearly Payment to be made on or before 10 October, and the last on or before 5 April yearly.

Receiver-general within a Month after receiving the full Sum charged, to give the Coin xr.isti mers a Receipt;

which shall be a full Discharge lor Payment. r.cceivcis General within zo

Coliertors keeping the Money in their Hands, or paying it 0 therwife than to the Receiver-general, 'orleil4cl.

Rrrriver gene ri], or hi Pe; u tv, pasirg the W. ney otherwise than into the Exchequer, forfeit 5c0l.

commihlor.et s of the hand Tax in Scotland, to put this Act in Execution there;

ding to the Art of 6 17&c, Uc. ution to be as by the Art is pre

Tivecd, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and reenabled in the Body of this pfefent Act.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this at, or anything herein contained, shall not charge or be construed to charge her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales, or his Royal highness the Prince of Wales, with the abovementioned Duty or Payment of one Shilling out of every twenty Shillings, by the Year, for or in respect of any Sums of Money or Annuities given or granted by his Majesty to their said Royal Highnesses. or the Officers or Servants attending their Persons; that such Sums of Money and Annuities, and their Royal Highnesses and their Treasurers, or Receivers General for the time being, hall be free and clear of all Taxes, Impositions, and other Public Charges whatsoever; anything in this or any former Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not charge or be construed, deemed or taken to charge his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, or her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, or her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, or the Officers or Servants attending their Persons, with the abovementioned Duty or Payment of one Shilling out of every twenty Shillings by the Year, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted or to be granted by his Majesty to their said Royal Highnesses, and their Servants, for the time being, in respect of the same but that such Sums of Money or Annuities shall be free and clear from all taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That for the avoiding all Obstructions and Delays in collecting the Duty by this Act to be rated upon the Perquisites of any Offices or Employments, the same shall pay and be rated in such County, Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Constablewick, Division, or Place of Allotment, within England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, in which the same were last assessed, and not elsewhere.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the first half yearly Payment of the said Assessments for England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be levied, collected and paid unto the Receivers General of the said several Counties, Cities, and other Places, who shall be appointed as aforesaid, on or before the tenth Day of October yearly; and the last of the said half yearly Payments, on or before the fifth Day of April yearly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Receiver-general in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, from time to time, within the Space of one Month next after he shall have received the full Sum that fliau be charged within any Hundred or Division, for such particular Payment that is to be made to such Receiver-general by virtue of this Act, shall give to such Commissioners as shall act in such Division or Hundred, a Receipt under his Hand and Seal, acknowledging the Receipt of the full Sum charged within such Hundred or Division, for such particular Payments; which Receipt shall be a full Discharge to each Hundred car Division, for such particular Payment, agai 11st his Majesty, his Heirs and successors; said Receivers General are hereby required forthwith, or at furthest within twenty Days after the Receipt of any Money of the Taxes or Duties by this Act granted, to transmit or cause to be paid the Money by them received into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

das to p3y the Moneys into the Exchequer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of any Parish or Place in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall keep in his Hands any Part of the Money by him collcbted for any longer Time than is by this Act directed (other than the Allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any Part thereof to any Person or Persons other than the Receiver-general of such County or Place, or to his respective Deputy, that every such Collector shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds; and in case any Receiver-general of any Part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or his Deputy, shall pay any Part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collector by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and at or within the respective Times limited by this Act; or in case any such Receiver-general of any Part of England, Wales, or Bcrvjick upon Tweed, or his Deputy, shall pay any Part of the said Moneys hv any Warrant of the High Treasurer, Commissioners of the Treasury, or Under treasurer, for the time being, or upon any Tally of Pro, or Tally of Anticipation, or other Way or Device whatsoever, whereby to divert or hinder the actual Payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid; every such Receiver-general shall, for every such Offence of himself, or his Deputy, forfeit the Sunt of five hundred Pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Bill, Plaint or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law is to be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Supply for the time being, for putting in plxeeution any Act for raisi g the Aid commonly called The Ccfs, or Land

within any Boroughs within the same respectively; said Commissioners shall put in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the same Shires and Boroughs respectively; the said Commissioners have hereby Power to choose their own Clerk, and to do everything concerning the said Supply, as is prescribed and appointed by the Ccfs Act of the sixth of November one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Acts made in any former Parliament of Scotland, to which the said Act of the sixth of November one thousand seven bundled and six doth relate, holding the same as if herein repeated.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That Execution shall be done in Scotland for bringing the said Duty to be raised there, as is provided by the same Adits in all Points not altered by this Act \ and that the first

Meeting

C 2 2.

2i5

First Meeting to be at the Head Burghs on the second Monday in July yearly. &c.

All Clatifes in former acts relating to the bringing in the Cess, c. to be herein granted.

Clerks of the Sheri IF s Court to deliver yearly, on or before io June, to the Commissioners, Lists of all Offices of Profit in each Shire; and a Duplicate theteof to tyre Penalty of 50l.

Meeting of the said Commissioners for Shires in Scotland, shall be at the respective Head Burghs thereof, the /econd Monday in July in every Year and that the Sheriffs, or their Deputies, do intimate the same to the said Commissioners of their Shires, with Power to the said Commissioners, to appoint the subsequent Diets of their Meetings, and their Conveners, from time to time; and also to appoint Collectors, with such Caution as they shall think fit.

xvr. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Clauses contained in former Acts of Parliament of Scotland, and Convention of Eftutes there, in relation to the bringing in of the Cess, and quartering, and touching Riding Money, shall Hand in full Force, as to the Supply now imposed upon Scotland, as if they were herein cxpicfted, and as they were observed before the making this Act.

in Fotce as to the Supply

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Clerk of the sheriff's Court in each Shire in Scotland,

shall yearly on or before the tenth Day of June deliver to the said Commissioners of Supply for such Shire, a true and exact Lilt of all and every Office of Employment of Profit, exercised in such Shire, and in every Burgh within the same; and also do, and shall, within the Time aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Duplicate of such List, to the Deputy Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and in case any Clerk of the sheriff's Court shall neglect to deliver such List, or the Duplicate thereof, within the Time herein before mentioned, or shall wilfully omit out of such Lists, or the Duplicate thereof, any Office or Employment that ought to have been inserted therein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling.

Deputy Remembrancer of the Exchequer; on

XVIII. And it is further enacted, That the said Commissioners in their respective Shires do, and shall Commissioners yearly on or before the tenth Day of July, according to the best of their Judgments and Discretions, afeer rn]or j rrc 30 tain, and set down in Writing, in a Rate or Assessment to be prepared by them for that Purpose, the annual te the annual Value of all and every Office and Employment, exercised in such Shire, and in every Burgh within the Value of all of same; and do therein rate and assess the said Sum of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings of the annual fiecs and Em value thereof, on the Officers and Persons who then do or shall execute any such Office or Employment, ploymems; and the Salary, Sees and Perquisites of Office whereof, exceed one hundred Pounds per Annum; and in case the said Commissioners of Supply for any Shire in Scotland, shall neglect to make such Rate and Assessment with assail exceed' in the Time herein before limited for that Purpose, in that Case, the Sheriff Depute of the County shall: per an and is hereby required, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of July yearly, according to the best of his judge num. ment and Discretion, to make and perfect such Rate or assessment in Writing; and a Note of the said re 0, 1 commission spedlive Rates or assessments, shall, within six Days after the making and perfecting thereof, be lodged by rift'de^ute to C the Clerk of the Commissioners, or the said Sheriff Depute respectively, in the Hands of the Collector of make such 6rate, the Cess or Land Tax, for the time being, for each County and Burgh within Scotland, who shall be, and Note of the is hereby appointed, empowered and required, to be Collector thereof; and every such Collector of the Cess Rate, within 6 or Land Tax, and his Cautioners or Security, sit all be bound ipso facto, by virtue of this Act, for the due Days after the and faithful Performance by such Collector, of all Parts of the Duty of the Office hereby committed to him to the

in respect of the said Rates and assessments, and that under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds Sterling; Collector of and ffiat every such Collector of the Cess shall be entitled to have an Allowance from the Receiver-general of the Land Tax. the Sum of threepence per Pound of the Money by him collected and paid over to such Receiver-general; Collector bound and the Persons so rated and chained with the said Duty on their respective Offices and Employments, shall, "i1 'c 1 n', ty by themselves, or others for their Behoof, pay in the Duty with which they were charged, on or before the Performance of tenth Day of October yearly, for the half year betwixt tvhitfunday and Martinmas, and on or before the his Duty, fifth Day of April yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas and tvhitfunday, to the Collector of the Cess, cdic stors to personally, or at his Office by him held for the receiving the Land Tax; unless such Person shall enter an ll3ve 3(l in the Appeal against the assessment made, in which Case such Appeal shall be difeufi ed before Payment, in Manner jl0l, n|vo, t, IC, r herein after provided; and in case of Appeal, such Payment shall be made within ten Days after difeuffing, o'he psid or dismissing such Appeal, in the Manner herein after provided; and that every Person so rated and assessed half ycaily, on shall, in case of his not paying in the Duties with which he is charged, to the colleror of the Cess, upon or betoie io oc the Day upon which he is hereby appointed to pay the same, or within three Days after, forfeit treble the tcbcrjand 5 A Value and Extent of the Duty with which he stands charged. pri, ».

J ° except in Cases

of Appeal, and then within io Days after hearing the same; on Forfeiture of treble the Value.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the Persons liable to, and assessed for the

Duty aforesaid, in case they shall conceive themselves to be injured by the Assessment and Charge made upon

them by the Arid Commissioners of Supply or Sheriff Depute; or to the Collectors, or any other Officer of the Crown, if he shall judge the Crown to be lefed by the Assessfnent or Charge made; to appeal to the

Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, who are to determine finally all such Appeals on or before the

last Day of Term of Martinmcu yearly; and every such Appellant shall, within the Space of ten Days after the Note in Writing of his Charge being delivered to him, or left at his House, by the collector by himself,

or some other Person acting on his Behalf, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Collector of the Cess, at

his Office, a Note in Writing of the Wrong or Grievance of which such Person complains, and whereof he shall be minded to seek Redress by Appeal; and such Collector is hereby to make an Entry, to be kept by

him for that Purpose of all such Notices given to him.

of the Intention and Cause of Appeal; who is to make

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party giving such Notice of an Appeal or Complaint, Appeal if not shall neglect to insist thereon before the said Barons within the Time before limited, then anti in that Case such Complaint or Appeal shallt be held to be fallen from, and the Charge or assessment therein referred to 'jyl"

shall

Appeal may be made in Behalf of the subje£f, cross the Crown, to the Barons of the Exchequer. Ail Appealrto be determined on cr before the List Day of Martinmas Ternj,

'4

Notice to be given to collcfor an Entry thereof.

due

2l6 C 22.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

A.D.

T n*7

1 / 0 /

shall Hand in full Force; and in all Cases of Appeals fallen from, or upon hearing whereof the said Barons hall not vary the Rate, the Barons shall and may order the Appellant to pay to the Collector any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings Sterling, as they shall think proper, as and for the Costs lie may have been at by reason of such Appeal.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person rated or allefled for any Office or Employment in Scotland, shall be rated, and pay for his said office.or Employment in the Shire where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue pr Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere.

XXO. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money imposed on Offices and Employments in Scotland, be raised in Scotland in the respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs, free of all Charges to his Majesty, save as is herein before mentioned; and shall in like Manner be paid at the City of Edinburgh, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall constitute and appoint to be Receiver-general or Receivers thereof, for his Majesty's Use; which said General Receiver or Receivers shall be answerable and accountable for the same to his Majesty in the Exchequer.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That where any Person shall have, use or exercise, two or more Offices or Employments in any Part of Great Britain, the Salary and Perquisites whereof together exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds a Year, that such Person shall be rated and liable to pay the said Sum of one Shilling in the Pound for the Profits of such Offices and Employments notwithstanding the Salary and Perquisites of no one of the said Offices are of the Value of one hundred pounds/w Annum.

is to pay r s. per Pound for the same.

Military Offi

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to

Armyor Navy! ^av commission.or non commission Officers or Private Men serving in the Navy or Army.

exempted from paying.

Commissioners holding Offices liable to be rated, to withdraw, c. till

or if the affef mentbeaffirmed, Appellant for fdts to the col ledfor ios.

Duty to be paid where theoffices are exercised;

and to be raised free of ail Charges, other than as before allowed, and to be paid to t he p.eceiver General at Edinburgh, and by him into the Exchequer. Where two or more Offices, exceeding together ico 1. per Ann. are exer cifed by one Person, such Person

the rest of the Commissioners on Penalty of joo I.

Duty on Fees,

XXV. Provided always, That no Commissioner of the Land Tax in England, tvales or Berwick upon Tweed, or Commissioner of the Supply in Scotland, who shall be possessed of any Office or Employment lub jest and liable to the Duty hereby imposed, shall sit or aft, or any way interfere in rating his own Office or Employment, but hall withdraw until the rating thereof be settled and determined by the rest of the Com

the rating the re missioner then present; and in Default thereof the rest of the Commissioners then present shall have Power, of be settled by and are hereby required to impose such Fine or Fines as to them shall be thought fit, upon such Commissioner so refusing to withdraw, or acting in his own Cause exceeding one hundred Pounds Sterling; and

cause the same to be levied and paid as other Fines and Forfeitures to be imposed by virtue of this Act are to

be levied and paid in England and Scotland respectively.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where anyfces, Salaries, Wages or other Allowances or Pro

Saianes, &c. not f|ts on any Offices or Employ mc.nts of Profit charged by this Atft, shall be payable at the Receipt of the exche fto^ at thec ub cluer' or ky the Cofferer of his Majesty's Household, or out of any other public Office, or by any of his lick offices.pu majesty's Receivers or paynv.ifters in Great Britain, the Duty or Payment which, in pursuance of this Atft, a true Account shall be charged for or in respetft of such Offices or Employments, shall and may (in case of Nonpayment to be kept of the thereof) be detained and stopped out of the same, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Fees, Money stopped, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the thereof toe Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the public

given to the Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Moneys Hopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of

coiledws, if such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Moneys for the respective Parishes or Places where the said

Moneys are rated by this Act.

XXVII. And whereas diverse Offices and Employments of Profit chargeable by this Act: are executed by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy hall pay such affcifmciu as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profirs of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress, as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained. scparstcaccnufu

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there filial 1 be pro money'^ii'into v'^cc^ anc kept 'n k's majesty's Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, one n ° Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the Duties on Offices 'and Pensions hereby granted, hall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Triple Values and Forfeitures, incurred by virtue of this Act in Scotland, shall be recovered at the Suit of the respective Collectors by distraining or poynding, according to the Forms of the Law of Scotland, upon Warrants to be granted and substribed by any two of the Commissioners for Supply, or by the Sheriff, or Depute Sheriff, of the County from whom such Warrant shall be required, and they are hereby respectively required to grant the same under the Penalty of ten Pounds Sterling toties quoties, upon Certificate made to them, or either of them, by the Collector of the Ccfs, that such Penalties or Forfeitures are incurred, and such Duties resting and not duly paid j which Warrants hall he executed by the Constables or Sheriff Officers of the County; and the Goods or Effects so poynded or didrained lull be valued and appraistd by any two Persons to be appointed by the Sheriff Officer, or Constable, to value and appraise such Goods; which two Persons shall be obliged to value tyre

same,

rtquiicj.

Deputies to pay for Principals; and on Nonpayment are liable to Distress,

the Exchequer fur Duties on Offices and Pen fions.

pei.allies, Triple y'a'iic', jnd forfeitures in Scotland, to be levied by d.f trefi and Sale.

Dist »'» be. ppralfed, c.

same, under the Penalty of forty Shillings Sterling for each Neglect or Refusal; and which Valuation shall be made upon the Ground, or at the House, where the same were poynded and distrained, and may and shall be sold and disposed of at the Value by the Officer or Constable who does poynd or distrain the same; and the Value to be applied, in the first Place, to the Satisfaction and Payment of the Duty, Triple Value, or Penalty, owing by the Person whose Goods are so poynded; and, in the second Place, to the payment for the Trouble of the Officer or Constable so poynding, at the Rate of two Shillings per Pound of the Triple Value, Penalty or Forfeitures, for which the Goods shall be poynded or distrained, unless the Owner from whom the same were poynded or distrained, hall redeem the same by Payment of the appraised Value within the Space of four Days after the Poynding and Valuation, to the Officer who poynded the same; and in case any Surplus shall remain of the Price or Value, after Payment of the Penalty incurred, and after Payment of what is allowed to be retained by the Officer or Constable in Manner herein directed, such Surplus shall be returned to the Owner from whom the Goods were distrained; and in case no purcha fer or Buyer do appear at the said Sale, that the said Goods or effects so poynded or distrained shall be consigned and lodged in the Hands of the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute; and if not redeemed by the Owner within the Space of four Days after the Consignment in the Hands of the said Sheriff, that the same shall be rouped, sold and disposed of, by Order of the Sheriff, in such Manner, and at such Time and Place, as he shall appoint; he always being liable to the Payment of the Triple Value of the Penalty or Penalties incurred, to the Collector of the Cess, and to the Officer or Constable who shall have poynded the same, for their Trouble and Expense as above flated, in case the Value of the Goods so sold hall amount to the Extent of the Penalties incurred, and to the Fees due to the Officer or Constable; and shall be in the third Place, entitled to one Shilling per Pound of the Value of the Goods so disposed of, for his own Pains and Trouble, after Preference and Allowance of the Penalties, and of what is appointed 10 be paid to the Officer or Constable so poynding, the Expense of preserving or maintaining the Goods or Cattle so poynded, during the four Days allowed to the Owner to redeem them, and the Expense of the Sale; and in like Manner the Expense shall be allowed to the Sheriff for preserving and maintaining the Goods or Cattle distrained, during the four Days that the Owner is allowed to redeem after Consignment in his Hands, as also the Expense of the Sale

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Constable who shall dispose of such Goods or Cattle so poynded, distrained and sold, shall be bound to pay in the Sums arising from the Sale, in so far as extends to the Penalties for which the same were poynded by the Collector of the Cess or Land Tax, within ten Days after the Receipt of the Price, allowing always what is above allowed for his own Pains and Expense; and that, in like Manner, if the Goods or Cattle distrained shall be disposed of by the Sheriff, as before directed, lie shall, within four Days after Receipt of the Price, be obliged to pay in the same to the Collector of the Cess, after Deduction of what is appointed to be paid to the Officer or Constable who made the Poynding, and after Deduction of what is above.allowed to be retained by him for his own Pains and Expense, and shall remain liable to the Collector of the Cess, until Payment, and subject to be poynded and distrained therefore, in the same Manner as is above provided with regard to any Person liable to Penalties in virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, there shall be charged, raised, levied and paid, unto his maje fly, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights, herein after mentioned; that is to say,

217

Application of

th '. Penalties, c.

Diflrcf', if not redeemed within Days, to be sold.

Surplus to be returned to the Owner.

If no Ptirchafera

appear, the di idress to be lodged with the Sheriff Depute, &c. who is arcount abl* to the Collector anil C m stable for the Penalties and Sees.

i s. per Pound allow ed to the Sheriff for his Trouble and Expense.

Constable to pay over the Money arising by the Sale of the di stress, within 10 Days; and the Sheriff within Days after Receipt thereuf.

Rates charged upon Houses, Windows or Lights.

For and upon every dwelling house inhabited, which now is, or hereafter shall be, erected within that V z Is

Part of Great Britain called England, the yearly Sum of one Shilling, over and above the yearly Sum of two tiond Duty upon Shillings already charged upon every such dwelling house. - every Dwell ng

house in England,

And for and upon every dwelling house inhabited, which now is, or hereafter shall be, creeled within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland the yearly Sum of one Shilling.

And for every Window or Light in every dwelling house inha bited, or to be inhabited, within and throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain fifteen Windows or Lights, or up wards, the yearly Sum of six Pence for each Window or Light in such House, over and above, and by Way of Addition to, the several and respective Duties chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf,

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act imposed, within and throughout the said Kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon such Houses and such Windows or Lights as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, into his Majesty's Exchequer, for the purposes in this Act expressed, in such and like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods and Directions, as are pre feribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting and paying the Duties on Houses, Windows or Lights, in and by two several Acts of Parliament made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the c>ne, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, windows and Lights; and for granting to his Mo] efly other Rates and Duties upon Houses, windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four Millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties', and the other intituled An Alii to enforce the Execution of an Act of this session"of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, windows or Lights; and in and by a certain other Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending and further enforcing the Execution of an Act passed in the last scf son of Parliament, entitled, 'an Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows Vol. VIII F f^- 'and

anil s. upon every dwelling house in Scotland;

and 6 d. additional D ty for every Window or Light in every dwelling house containing 15 Windows, or mote.

The said Duties to be ranee, levied, collected and pad as i he 3 several ais of

20 Geo. 2. c. 3.

20 Geo. 2. c. 42.

and si Gen. 2, C 10. prescribe with ltfpeft tej

thcduties thereby gristed.

C 22.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates, and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights; and for raising^the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the

every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfei

said Rates or Dutiesand all and

Houses in Scotland not having more than 5 Windows, exempted from the Duty on Houses. The commifi10 r.ers for executing the faij 3 Acts, are to meet cn or before zg July, for putting this Act in Execution.

Annuities payable on the Moneys to be raised by this adv, charged on the several additional and new Duties.

contributoh who have already deposited JO 1. percent, of their subfcrlp tions, to the c.i fhierof the bank, may pay the Remainder at the Times and in the Ptoportions limited in the Act.

Times of Payments in rtfptdl of the urn of 4, 500, 000 I. subscr.l d o v.ardsanm.ttsc!.

Time' cf tay n r.ts in r ftedi of the Sum of 'CO oeo I. towards the Lottery.

Annuities to tear 3 1. jo s. percent, in leicft t

tures, Clauses, Matters and Things now in Force, contained in the said three several as of Parliament, or any of them, for the raising, levying, collecting and paying the Rates or Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised and put in Execution, within and throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collecting and paying the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights, by this Act granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present act.

XXXIII. Provided always, That no House or Cottage in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, thaft. has not more than five Windows or Lights, shall pay or be liable to pay the Duty of one Shilling imposed on each House by this present Act.

xxxivh And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners authorised for putting in Execution the three said former Acts, or either of them, for all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively, within Great Britain, shall meet together at the most usual and common Place of Adeeting, within such Counties, 'Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively, within Great Britain, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, for assessing, raising, levying and collecting the Duties hereby granted, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as is prescribed by the three former Acts, or either of them, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities which by this Act shall be granted and made payable, with respect to the Principal Sum of five millions, to be raised in Manner and Form as is hereafter directed, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the several additional and new' Rates and Duties by this act imposed upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses and Windows or Lights; and the said several additional and new Rates and Duties, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XXXVI. And whereas several Persons, Natives or Foreigners, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, have,

in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed towards the said Sum of five millions; four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, Part thereof, to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per dunum, and five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue thereof, to be raised by a Lottery, and attended with Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum.

per Annum % and the said Subscribers or Contributors have, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, deposited with, or paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England fox the time being, the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum,

in Part of the Sums by them subscribed respectively, and are desirous to pay the remaining principal Sums by them subscribed as aforesaid, at the Times and in the Manner herein after appointed in that Behalf; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such respective Contributors who have already deposited with, or paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Sum of ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds by them subscribed respectively, to advnee and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, who is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions (without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf) the Remainder of the several Sums so subscribed, at or before the respective Days or Times, and in the Proportions in this Act limited in that Behalf.

XXXVII. And whereas it is intended that all such Contributors to the said Sum of five millions, wlia shall have subscribed for five hundred Pounds, shall be entitled to four hundred and fifty Pounds, in An 4 unities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per. Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, subject to such Reduction as is hereafter mentioned; and to fifty Pounds in Lottery Tickets, to be attended with Annuities (transferable also at the bank of England) after the Rate of three Pounds Centum per Annum, and foin Proportion for a greater or less Sum; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contributors who have so made the said Deposit of ten Pounds per Centum, in Part of the Sums by them severally subscribed, as a Security for making their future Payments, shall make the same, accordingly, at or before the respective Days or Times, and in the Proportions in this Act limited in that Behalf; that is to say, In respect of their proportional Share of the said Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the thirtieth Day of Max one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of June then next en. fuirg; fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty seventh Day of July then next enfufing; fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the thirtieth Day of August then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, on or before the tw enty seventh Day of September then next ensuing; and the remaining fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty sixth Day of October then next ensuing: in respect of their proportional Share of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, tw cnty Pounds per Centum, on or before the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the tenth Day of July then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, on or before the nineteenth Day of August then next ensuing; Pounds per Centum, on or before the ninth Day of September then next ensuing; and the remaining twenty Pounds per Centum, on or before the ninth Day of October then next following: And that all such Contributors for or in respect of nine equal tenth Parts of the Sums so by them subscii bed, shall be entitled to their proportional Share of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, subject as aforesaid 3 and for and in respect of the remaining one Tenth of the Sum o

subscribed

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 22. 219

and Ticket' 3 f.

subscribed, to as many Lottery Tickets as the Laid tenth Part of the Sum so subscribed shall purchase, after the Rate of ten Pounds for each Ticket; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer for every Sum of ten Pounds so advanced, for the Purchase of a Lottery Ticket, shall be entitled to such Lot, and to such pet Cent. Annuity, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as is herein after directed and appointed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the /everal Contributors, their Annuities to Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of four rrnijlions five hundred C0IT "nc' f'om thousand Pounds, Part of the said Principal Sum of five millions, shall be entitled to Annuities after the ^uy, 7s Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, for the Term of twenty-four Years, to commence and be computed from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and from and after the End and Expiration of the said Term of twenty-four Years, to Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner herein after men fiiftpaymeat of tioned; and that such Annuities shall be paid half yearly, on the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of interest to be on July, by even and equal Portions; and that the Annuities which shall become due and payable to the said sjjn 759 contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, at the Rate of three Pounds per |a/a*df\y, ajie Centum per Anmtm, in respect of the said Principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the i^e'e^on'i ot said Principal Sum of five millions, shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January, which rery Tickets to shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and shall, from time to time, commence on be paid half yearly, on the fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January, by equal and even Portions; the 5jan '739' first Payment thereof to be due and payable for the half Year ended the fifth Day of July, which shall be in aru' aftenv*: l7 the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine. yearly'

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers who cahier shall have received or shall receive any Part of the Sums so paid by Way of Deposit, or otherwise, in re Receipts for " spebl of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall forth Money paid in with give Receipts in Writing signed by himself or themselves, to every such Contributor, for all such Sums; and that the Receipts to be given for any Sums paid in respect of the said Annuities, after the Rate the same made of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall be assignable, by Indorsement thereupon made, air'&nabie< at any Time before the thirtieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and no longer.

XL. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security, to the good Liking of any three Cashier to givs. or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of Security; the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the public Use, all the Moneys which they shall have already received by Way of Deposit or otherwise, or shall hereafter receive from time to time, of or for the said Sum of five millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trusts hereby in them reposed; shall from time to time so pay all such Moneys as soon as they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, and p?y'n tha or within five Days afterwards at the farthest, and shall account for all Moneys so received by him or them, ^lo"ies the in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, deducting the reout such Sums as shall have been XC stlu r* paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned; for which Sums so paid.

Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasury t, o ap of of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the p!y tie Moneys Commissioners of the Treasury, from time to time, to ifi ue and apply all such Sums of Money as shall so the Services be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by the said Cashier or Caftiiers, to such Services as commons 6 shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise -.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accountant Ge Contributors neral of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, there shall be provided Names to be and kept a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all such Contributors as afore gp'0e^e.d in a said; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administh°e°fame to be strators, successors and Assigns, from time to time, at all lcasonable Times, to have Resort to and inspect inspe£w gratis, the said Book or Books, without any Fee or Charge: And that the said Accountant General for the time be Duplicate thereof ing, shall, on or before, the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, transmit an to betranfrmt -- attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or books, into the Office of the Auditor of de: to theex* the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever. C equer.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contributors duly paying the Contributors

whole Sums by them respectively subscribed at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act before d

limited in that Behalf, their respective Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, shall have, re tvhavj sure ceive and senjoy their proportional Share of the respective Annuities of three Pounds ten Shillings per Con E; arcsin the turn per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Moneys by this Act herein after.appro Annuities, priated for Payment thereof, and shall have good and sure Estates and Interests therein for ever; subject nevertheless to the Terms and Provisoes of Reduction and Redemption in this Act herein contained concerning the same respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Contributors, their Execu Contributors tors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, paying in the Whole or any Part of the Sums by them fub making their scribed respectively, previous to the Days appointed for the respective Payments herein before directed, as Payments prewell in respect to their proportional Share of the said Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, timvs° imbed as of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be entitled to Sn Allowance of so much Money totealinwed as the Interest of the several Sums so previously paid after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, interest for the shall amount to, from the Days on which such previous Payments shall have been actually made, to the re same, c. ffiective Times on which such Payments are directed to be made; such Allowance to be paid, by the said.

or Cashiers out of the Moneys contributed towards the said Sum of five mii!ions, as foou as such rc

2 20 C 2 2.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1

757.

Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, lo forfeit their Dcfcllts.

Annuities, See, charged on the Sinking Fund.

Sinking Fund to be replaced out of the first Supplies.

Annuities, XC charged on the Sinking Fund.

Managers and Directors of the lottery to be a; pointed by the trc.nfury,

Peeks to b prepared with; Columns, in each of which 50 cco Tickets to be printed.

Tickctj to be of an oblong Form, anj joined with oblique linea, a o Tit k cts in the y. Column to have the Word following printed on tlietn.

spective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have completed their Payments herein before directed to be made 5 and that as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, hall have completed their Payments of the whole Purchase Money payable by them reflectively for any such Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, the Principal Sum or sums by them subscribed and paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, hall forthwith be placed to the Credit of the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns', completing the said Payments, and made transferrable in the Books of the Bank of England, to be kept for that Purpose; and that after any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, hall have completed their Payments of the whole Purchase Money payable by them respectively for any such Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, Lottery Tickets ro the Amount of the Principal Sum or Sums by them subscribed and paid for the Purchase thereof, at the Rate of ten Pounds for each 'Picket, shall, as soon as they can conveniently be made out, be delivered to such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

XLV. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with or paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sums so by them subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Residue of the Sums so by them subscribed, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned; then and in every such Case, so much of the Sum so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the several Annuities which by this Act are granted and made payable, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, such Fund or Funds as are by this Act established for Payment thereof; and if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the Produce of the Fund or Funds so established for Payment of the said several Annuities, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges, directed to be paid thereout at the end of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid, then and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys and other Revenues, compoiing the Fund commonly called Eke Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former at or Atfts of Parliament, in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Moneys of the several Rates and Duties and Sums of Money hereby granted, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred, and grown due at any of the half yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be issued out of the Sinking Fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Fund or Funds by this Atft established for Payment of the said Annuities, after the said several and respective Annuities and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, anil as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And, for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lottery; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, shall appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the drawing of Lots, and to order, do and perform, such other Matters and Things, as are hereafter in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers and Directors shall meet together from time to time, at some Public Office or Place, for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts in them repored by this Act; and that the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three co lums; and upon the Innermost of the said three Columns, there shall be printed fifty thousand Tickets, hereby intended to be made forth, to be numbered, one, two, three, and so onward, in an arithmetical pro greflion, where the common Excess is to be one, until they rise to and for the Number of fifty thousand; and upon the Middle Column in every of the said Books, shall be printed fifty thousand Tickets of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and in the Extrcam Column of the Laid Books, there shall he printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong Figure; and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the third or Extrcam Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket, and the present Year of our Lord Christ) Words to this Effect:

TII E

C r |'H E Bearer hereof is entitled to six Pounds, Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities after the Rate of ' X three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, or to a better Chance.'

L And it is hereby enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, shall carefully examine all the said Books, with the Tickets therein, and that the same be contrived, numbered and made, according to the true intent and Meaning of this ab, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered the same Books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, taking from such Cashier or Cashiers, an Acknowledgment in Writing under his or their Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Book or Books, and so many Tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them; and the said Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby diretfted and required, upon his and their receiving every or any entire Sum of ten Pounds, in full Payment of a Ticket, from any Person or Persons contributing or adventuring as aforesaid, to cut out of the said Book or Books so to be put into his or their Custody, through the said oblique Lines, flou rishes or Devices, indentwise, one of the Tickets in the said Extreme Columns, which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall sign with his or their own Name or Names; and such Cashier or Cashiers shall permit the Contributors or Adventurers, if it be desired, to write his or her Name or Mark on the corresponding Ticket in the same Book; and at the same Time the Cashier or Cashiers shall deliver to the said Contributor or Adventurer the Ticket so cut off, which he, she or they, are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and securing of the Interest which he, she or they, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns, shall or may have in the said Fund, for the Moneys so contributed or adventured, until Redemption thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers, on or before the fourteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, shall re deliver to the said Managers and Directors, at their said Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not have cut out and delivered to the Contributors or Adventurers for their Moneys as aforesaid; and shall then and there also deliver to the said Managers and Directors, a true and just Account in Writing under his or their Hands, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, by or for the Tickets delivered or to be delivered out pursuant to this Act, and how the same, or how much thereof, shall have been actually paid by such Cashier or Cashiers into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed; that the said Managers and Direddors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the Tickets of the said Outermost Columns which shall not have been delivered to the Contributors as aforesaid, if any such be, to be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Cash, to be issued, sold and »ifposed of, for raising Money for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall judge reasonable and sitting.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Direddors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets of the Middle Columns in the Books made out in three Columns as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them by or from the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fast with Thread or Silk; and the said Managers or Direddors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their Presence, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will be there, cause all the said Tickets which are to be so rolled up and made fast as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwise through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (A) which is presently to be put into another strong Box, and to be locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and sealed with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until the said Tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the Tickets in the first or innermost Columns of the said Books shall remain still in the Books for discovering any Mistake or Fraud (if any such should happen to be committed) contrary to the true Meaning of this AL

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other Books, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns, and upon the Innermost of those two Columns, there shall be printed fifty thousand Tickets, and upon the Outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed fifty thousand Tickets; all which shall be of equal Length and Breadth as near as may be; which two Columns in the said Books, shall be joined with some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost Tickets may be cut off indentwise, and that six thousand five hundred Tickets, Part of those to be contained in the Outermost Columns of the Books last mention cd, shall be, and be called, the Fortunate Tickets, to which extraordinary Benefits shall belong, as is here in after mentioned; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said Fortunate Tickets to be written upon or otherwise expressed, as well in f igures as in Words at Length, in Manner following; that is to say. Upon two of them severally, ten thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon three of them severally, five thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon six of them severally, two thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon seventeen of them severally, one thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of twenty-nine of them severally, five hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of one hundred forty two of them severally, one hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of six hundred and twenty six of them severally. fifty Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of five thousand six hundred and seventy five of them severally, twenty Pounds Principal Money; which Principal Sums so to be written, or otherwise expressed, upon the said Fortunate Tickets, together with five hundred Pounds Principal Money to be allowed to the Owner of the first dray/n Ticket, and one thousand Pounds Principal Money to the Owner of the last drawn Ticket,

befiues

C 2 2. 22 1

Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them t the Cashier, and take a Receipt for the same.

Cashier to give a Ticket for every Sum of 10 J. paid in, and permit the Adventurer to write his Name on the corresponding Ticket.

Cashier to redeliver the books to the Managers, by 14 October 1758, and account for the Sums received.

Tickets undisposed of to be returned into the Exchequer,

Tickets of the middlecoiumn to be relied up, and tied j and cut offin der.twife into a Box marked with the Letter (A)

Box to be 1 eked up and haled.

Books to be prepared with 2 Columns, on each of which 50, 000 Tickets to be printed.

The Number and Value of the For tuna, e Tickets,

500 1. to the first drawn Ticket, and 1 00 I. tj the said drawn.

C 2 2#

4.3, 500 Blank Tickets, at the Rate of 6 I.

Tickets of the Outermost Columns to be rolled up and tied,

and cut out in dentwife into a Box marked with the Letter

(»)

Box to be locked tip and sealed.

Public Notice to be given of Times of cutting the Tickets into the Boxes.

Lottery to begin drawing cn 13 Nov. 1758.

Method to be observed in drawing, &c.

After each day's Drawing, ihe Boxes tff be lack J up auj sealed.

Numbers of the Fortunuc ick ct', a ad the Sum!, to be printed.

Disputes relating thereto, to be sdjufied by the hijiljgr*, s. Penalty of forging ti kcts or Certificate:

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

besides the Benefits which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned Tickets, will amount in the Whole to the Principal Sum of two hundred thirty-nine thousand Pounds; which Sum being added to the Sum of two hundred sixty one thousand Pounds (which will be the Principal payable according to the Intent and Meaning of this af, on the remaining forty-three thousand five hundred Blank or Unfortunate Tickets, computed at the Rate of six Pounds for each Blank or Unfortunate Ticket) do amount together to the Principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, being the Total Principal Sum to be converted into Annuities in pursuance of this Adft, in respetft of the said Lottery Tickets; and the said Managers and directe>rs, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said Tickets contained in the Outermost Columns of the said last mentioned Books, to be, in the Presence of the said Managers and directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Prefenee of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, carefully rolled up and fastened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indentwise through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (B) which Box shall be presently put into another strong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until those Tickets shall also be drawn, in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and sealing the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Directers, or such of them as aforesaid, within six Days at least before the Drawing of the said Lottery shall begin; and to the End every Person concerned may be well assured th. t the Counterpart of the same Number with his or her Ticket, is put into the Box marked with the Letter (A) from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some public Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of cutting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the End that such Adventurers as shall be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the thirteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes, with all the Tickets therein, to be brought into the Guildhall of the City of London by nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, and placed on a Table there for that Purpose, and shall then and there severally attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said pickets, to be severally taken out of the other two Boxes, in which they shall have been locked up,; and the 'Pickets of Lots in the respective innermost Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as will be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well shaken and mingled in each Box distinctly; some one indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed by the Managers aforesaid, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall presently take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said six thousand five hundred Fortunate, and forty-three thousand five hundred Blank Tickets shall he promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number, as well of the Fortunate as the Blank Ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn with the said Blank at the same Time, shall both be put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots, shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets, then the principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket, whatever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums whereunto they shall be intitled respectively, and two of the said Managers shall let their Names as Witnesses to such Entries; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another File; and so the said Drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Boy, and with opening, namingaloud, and filing the same, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in such Adcthod as is before mentioned, until the whole Number of six thousand five hundred Fortunate Tickets, and one more for the last drawn as aforesaid, hall be completely drawn; and if the same cannot he performed in' one day's Time, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in alan ner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day, and so from Day today, and every Day, (except Sundays, Christmas and Sass: Days appointed by particular Acts of Parliament, or by the King's Proclamation) apd then open the same, and proceed as above till the said whole Number of six thousand five hundred Fortunate Tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn as aforesaid; afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the Fortunate 'Pickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a ffrong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust and settle the Property thereof.

LV And, to the End the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what Degree they have been so; Be it en.idted, That as soon as the Drawing is over, the said Adanagers are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to cause to be printed and published the Number of the Tickets drawn against each Fortunate 'Picket, and the Principal Sum written on the same; and if any Contention or Dispute shall arise in a ijufting the Property of the said Fortunate Tickets, the major Part of the said Managers agreeing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any picket or 'Pickets, Certificate or Certificates, to be made forth in pm finance of this Act for made forth, or to be made forth, on any former Lottery Act for alter any the Numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged or counterfeited 'Picket or pickets, Certificate or Certificates, or bring any forged or counterfeit Ticket or Certificate, or

3 any

G. 22. 223

tiny Ticket or Certificate the Number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said Managers, or any of them, or the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Cashier or Cashiers, or Accomptant General for the time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to the Intent to defraud his Majesty, or any Contributor or Adventurer, or the executors, administrators, successors or Assigns, of any Contributor or Adventurer upon this Act, with a fraudulent Intention; then every such Person, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and Felony, shall suffer death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And the said Managers and Directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her or them, to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall Managers to be, be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his adding sworn. in such Commission, shall take the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me; and that I will not use, any The Oath,

4 JL indiredd Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any indiredd Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or Fortunate Lot, for myself, or any other Person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my Judgement, declare to whom any Prize, Lot or Ticket, of Right does belong, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of Parliament made in the twenty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign in that Behalf.'

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other Managers and Direddors.

LVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cashier or Cashiers, having given Security as aforesaid, at any Time or Times before such Cashier or Cashiers shall have received any Book or Books from the said Managers comprehending the said fifty thousand Tickets as aforesaid, in three Columns as aforesaid, to receive from any Person or Persons who will voluntarily, offer, contribute and advance, the Residue of any Sum of ten Pounds, or several Sums of ten Pounds, upon this Act as aforesaid, the Sums so offered to be contributed or advanced, at one entire Payment, or in such Proportions and Manner as aforesaid, before such Cashier or Cashiers shall have received such Book or Books; and the said Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Note or Receipt, under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Sum or Sums so contributed, and shall be obliged thereby, and by this Act, to give the Bearer of every such Note or Receipt, a Ticket or Tickets of the Extreme Column of the three Columns Book or Books aforesaid, for every ten Pounds so contributed, paid or answered, as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto by Delivery of any such Book or Books to him or them from the said Managers as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor or Adventurer as aforesaid, who shall have ad Adventurer not' vanced and paid down to such Cashier or Cashiers a Proportion of his, her or their consideration money, paying his whole his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay unto such ca ^on^de" t't"n fhier or Cashiers the remaining Part of his, her or their consideration money, so to be paid in full for such ^imes limited Tickets as aforesaid, on or before the Times for paying thereof as aforesaid; then, and in every such p, a]j ife thead* Case, every such Contributor or Adventurer shall forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the Use of the Public, vanced Money., the Proportion of his, her or their purchase money which he, she or they shall have so paid down as aforesaid; in such Case no Ticket or Tickets shall be delivered out by the said Cashier or Cashiers to such Contributor or Contributors making such Default, but the Ticket and Tickets which should have been delivered to such Contributor and Contributors, had they paid the full Money for the same, shall be returned and delivered to the said Managers and Directors by the said Cashier or Cashiers, together with the other Tickets (if any) in the Outermofd Column of the Book and Books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of to Contributors as aforesaid; such Ticket and Tick Tickets to beets, upon and for which Defaults of Payment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the disposed of, (tall?

Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer with other the said undisposed Tickets (if any) there to be retained and delivered in; o.

kept as Cash, and to be issued, sold and disposed of, for the Purposes, and in the Manner herein before di 1 texc equei* redded and appointed with respedd to the said undisposed Tickets; and the said Contributor and Contributors making such Default, shall not have or receive, or be entitled to have or receive, any Benefit or Advantage for or in respedd of the Money which he, she or they shall have paid for or towards the Purchase of such Ticket or Tickets; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys to arise Manager, c. by the said Contributions to the Lottery as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three ovmore to be paid by the of the Commissioners of the treasury, or the High 7'reasurer for the time being to reward the said Mana Commissioners gers and Direddors, and the Clerks and Officers to be employed by and under them, and any other Officers th'^loc^ and Persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this Affair, for their Labour and Pains; also to dif tery Money. charge all incident Expenses as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, flail, from time to time, think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this add.contained.to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the Guardians may. Disposition of the Money of any Infant, for the Use and Behoof of such Infant, to contribute and pay, for advemurei.nf.int3

or towards advancing the said Sum of five millions, any Sums of the Moneys of such Infant, and such In in tlis faat, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums, shall become a Contributor, within the meaning of this Act, 01 ay?

and.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

l'mit3t*on of Sals of Chances, c.

[Penalty.]

l'ersons selling Shares intickets of which they >, re no: possessed,

to forfeit 500l.

Offences eom mitied in Ireland against Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, declared to be punishable, and may be sued for in Dublin.

After the Drawing of the Lottery, the Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates.

Mi nagers to give Notice of the Time frr taking in the Tickets, and delivering on the Certificate.', c.

idnk to be kept for en ctine Performs Names, and th Number of their Tickets, see.

cc tificates to bssigned, c. Atcnmptam General to give Credit for the Principil Sums in the Certificates

altigirr.ents may be made of

and be entitled to have and receive such Payment in respect thereof, and in suchlike Manner as any other Contributor; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receiptor Receipts for such Money; and also upon the Ticket or Tickets that shall be delivered out for the same, that soit may appear that such Infant or Infants was or were the Contributor or Contributors.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall sell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or any Share or Shares in any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, for a Day, or Part of a Day, or for a longer Time less than the whole Time of drawing the Lottery then to come, or shall receive any Money whatsoever in Consideration of the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, in case any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery shall prove Fortunate; or shall lay any Wager relating to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, either as to the Time of such ticket or Tickets being drawn, or whether such Ticket or Tickets be drawn Fortunate or Unfortunate; and all and every Person and Persons who shall offend in any of the abovementioned Matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been received by such Person or Persons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; to be recovered by. Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin respectively; on which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Impbrlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who hall sue for the same; and every such Wager or Contract, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void.>

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall keep any Office or Offices, or shall print or publish any Scheme or Proposal, for receiving any Sum or Sums of Money in Consideration of an Interest to be granted for the same, any Ticket or Number of Tickets in the said Lottery, whereof such Person or Persons shall not then be. actually possessed, or in Consideration of any Sum or Sums of Money to be repaid in case any Ticket or Number of Tickets, in the said Lottery, which shall not be in the acstual Possession of such Person or Persons, shall irove Fortunate, all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred 5ounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin respectively; which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Lav, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall suffer three Months imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offence against any of the Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom, for preventing private and unlawful Lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment, to be inflicted in like Manner as if the Offence was committed in this Kingdom; and that such Penalties as, by any of the said Acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall, in case of Offences committed against any of the said Acts in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin.

LXIV. And to the End that all the Payments as well upon the Fortunate as upon the Unfortunate Tickets, may be more easily ascertained, settled and adjusted, for the Persons who shall be and become entitled thereunto; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Drawing of the said Lottery shall be completed and ended, all the said Tickets, as well those contained in the Books with three Columns, as those contained in the Books with two Columns, to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for Certificates to be signed by such of the said Managers as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Managers as any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall appoint to take in the said Tickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu thereof, hall give timely Notice, by Advertisement to be printed and published in Manner as they shall think fit, of the Days and Times for taking in the said Tickets, and delivering out the said Certificates, for and in lieu of the same; and every ivrion's Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to their bringing their Tickets to the said Officer or Officers so to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which Purpose such Officer or Officers shall enter or cause to be entered in a Book or Books to be by him or them kept for that Purpose, the Name of every Person who brings any Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for fuel) Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the 'Picket or Tickets which shall be so brought by such Person or Persons, the Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord, when the same was so brought; which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all P. rfons concerned to perufc; all which Certificates shall be signed by the Officer or Officers so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the Accountant General of the Bank of England for the time being.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accountant General of the Bank of England for the time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall upon receiving and taking the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named therein, in a Book or Books, in Manner herein before directed, to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and af signs, shall and may have Power to assign anj transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and

kept

C 22,

O O r

kept by the said Accountant General for that Purpose; the Principal Sums so assigned or transferred, the said Sums, Avail carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be sic'

Stock transferable by virtue of this Act, until the Redemption thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Accountant General of the Bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates, as they hall from time to time be received and taken in by him, Certificates to le and to give the Persons bringing the same, a Note under his Hand, testifying the Principal Money for which j^dandcatnccy they have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in, anti cancelled, as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same. (: eu thereof,

LXVII. And, for the more easy and sure Payment as well of said Annuities after the Rate of three

Pounds per Centum per Annum, as of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum

; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of A chiefcaftier, England, and their Successors, shall, from time to time, until the said respective Annuities shall be redeemed and Accountant

according to this Act, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in General t, °, bet,

the City of London, to be the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person in the said Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Moneys by this Act appropriated for this the annu.ties. J Purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective Annuities and other Payments herein directed to be made out of the said Moneys, hall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury to issue Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Money for that Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act before ap iilw ' "ll'pointed for Payment thereof, to be issued and paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities payable by virtue of this Act; and that all and every such Cashier or Ca whoistoaccount fibres, to whom the said Moneys shall, from time to time, be.issued, hall from time to time, without De for the same, lay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

LXVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the time being, shall, Accountant ge from time to time, infp edl and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the neral to examt.e Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all Persons jje who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, and all Persons lawfully claiming

under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, and that the same Avail not be descendable to Annuities the Heir, and shall be free, from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever, and shall not be liable to deemed a Per. Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; Law, Statute or Custom to the con fonai Estate, ttary in any wise notwithstanding. ani 10 betax"

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of four millions five, fee' hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of five millions, shall be deemed one Capital or Joint Stock; ^annu jind that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Moneys by them severally advanced, deemed for the Purchase of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, joint Stock; or such other Annuities to which they shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuities attending the same, at the Rates aforesaid; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the and made trans proportional Annuity attending the same, hall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not ferrable. otherwise.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to which any Person or The 3l.rercent. Persons shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed towards Annuities to be the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, on which the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds made a Joint per Centum per Annum, hall beattending, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at Stock with an the Bank of England, into which the several Sums carrying an Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per; Cnc0vno centinn per Annum, were by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty con rated by 25 Geo. verted, and shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to a Redemption s. by Parliament, in such Manner, and upon such Notice, as is in the said Act directed, in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every Person or Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which he, she or they shall become entitled as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be constantly kept by the Transfer Books Accountant.general for the time being, Books, wherein all Alignments of the Sums advanced or contri to be kept by buted towards the said Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and also all Alignments or Trans the Accountant fers of all Sums advanced and contributed towards the said Sum of five hundred t housand Pounds, shall at general all seasonable Times be entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Method of trans purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be ab furring Stock. lelit, by their respective Attorney or Attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorised in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, and the several Persons to whom such transfers shall he made, do respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said several Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest, shall be good or available in Law. ^. .1

LXXII. Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any shatre or Interest in either of the said Joint Annuities de stocks ot Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested vifcable by Will, by two or more credible Witnesses, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise till so much Entry to be made of the said Will as relates to the said joint Stocks of Annuities, be entered in the said Office: and in de fich1tcla, use,

VIII. Gg; fault, nthew

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

A.D.

*757-

I ramie:

fer not liable

to Stamp Duties.

fault of such Transfer or Devise, such Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; that no Stamp Duties whatsoever, shall be charged upon the said transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Treasury to p: y all incident Changes attending the Execution of this act; and to make an Allowance to the Caftiier and Accountant General i

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys arising from the Contribution towards raising the said Sum of five millions, the Commissioners of the treasury, or to be at the dif p Tal of the Governor

and Company of chebank.

Cfilters taking any Fee or Gratuity in the Course of their Business, forfeit 20 s.

The Annuities to 3 1. ios. percent, not redeemable till alter the expi ration of 24 Yeats, &c.

Bank to continue a Corporation till t'nefe Annuities be redeemed, &c.

Act 8 Geo. 1.

Penalty in the recited Act of forging or counterfeiting Letters cf Attorney, in order to sell, or teanifer Steel: in any of the Funds, tec. or to receive any Dividends or Annuities

thereon, «: C extended to this Act, c,

any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall see just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have Power to take out of the said Sinking Fund such further Allowances as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and respective Annuities payable by virtue of this Act, and also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Accountant General of the said Governor and Company for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that the Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee or Gratuity, contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time after the Expiration of twenty-four Years, to be computed from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and not sooner, upon six Months Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament; and upon Repayment by Parliament of the whole Principal Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, for which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, are payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities; or upon the like Repayment by Parliament of any Part of the said Sum of four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, so as such Part of the Sum so paid at' any one Time be not less than five hundred thousand Pounds; and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the Condon Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

LXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation, till all the said several Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Provisoes herein before contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company, 'or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability, for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

LXXVII. And whereas Doubts may arise, whether the Punishment inflicted in and by an Act of Par

made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Mfchiefs by Foreign Powers, to transfer such Stocks, or to receive such Annuities or Dividends as are therein mentioned; or by fraudulently personating the true Owners thereof; and io rectify Mistakes of the late Managers for taking Sulscriptions for increasing the Capital Stock of the South Sea Com

and in the Instruments founded thereupon, on Persons guilty of the several Species of Forgery, and other Offences therein mentioned, extends to the Commission of the like Forgery and Offences in relation to such Capital Stocks and Funds as have been established by the Authority of Parliament, since the passing of the said Act, and may be hereafter established; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven htindred and fifty-eight, shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer, assign, sell or convey any Share or Shares, or an^r Part of any Share or Shares, of or in any such Capital Stock or Funds of anybody or Bodies Politic or Corporate established, or which shall be established, by any Act or Acts of Parliament; or to receive any Dividend or Dividends attending any Share or Shares, or any Part of any Share or Shares, of or in any such Capital Stock or Funds as aforesaid; to receive any Annuity or Annuities, in respect whereof any Proprietor or Proprietors have or shall have any transferable Share or Shares of or in any Capital Stock or Stocks which now are, or hereafter shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament, in Proportion to their respective Annuities; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any the Proprietors of any such Share or Shares in Stock, or of any the Persons entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Inftrmnent or Authority; or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have, any such Share or Shares in Stock, or any Part thereof, transferred, assigned,

sold

C 23. 227

sold or conveyed) or such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Authority or Instrument; or shall falsely and deceitfully perfoliate any true and real Proprietors of the said Shares in Stock Annuities and Dividends, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer the Stock, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money, of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every or any such Case, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted endue Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

LXXVIII. And whereas Doubts may arise whether the Punishment inflicted in and by an act of Parliament made and passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the penalty in the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of Perjury; and to make Act of 2 Geo. 2. ' it Felony to fealbonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment of Money, on Persons guilty of the several Spe 25- cies of Forgery therein mentioned, extends to the Commission of the like Forgeries with an Intention to defraud any Corporation; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person from of forejn? or and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, shall falsely make, forge or conn terfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging or counterfeiting any Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing Obligatory, Bill of Fx finance, c. change, Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Endorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange, or with intent to Promissory Note for Payment of Money, or any Acquittance or Receipt either for Money or Goods, with defraud any cor an Intention to defraud any Corporation whatsoever; or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged or porat ion, extend counterfeited Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing Obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note for e t0tiis c Payment of Money, Endorsement, or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange, or Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Acquittance or Receipt either for Money, or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Corporation, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited; then every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted according to the due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Eelony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

LXXIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at Limitation of any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of Aliens, this Actor of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a General Issue. verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff Treble Costs. or Plaintiffs. See farther 32

CAP. XXIII gcoz. c.v and

2 Geo. 3.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Western Division

of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surry.

s.

: W

WHEREAS many small Debts are daily contradfed within the Western Division of the Hundred of

[Preamble,

Brixton, in the County of Surry, by reason of the great Number of Artificers and working People,

constantly employed in many great and useful Works and Manufactures for Exportation, as well as Home Consumption; although the Persons contracting such Debts are generally very well able to pay the same, yet they frequently refuse or neglect so to do, presuming on the great Discouragements and dif ficulties their Creditors must labour under, from the unavoidable Expenses attending Suits at Law; For Remedy whereof, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pasting of this Act, the sixty Persons herein after named, residing within the Western Division of the said Hundred of Brixton; videlicet, Jojhaa Smith, John Baker, Arthur Collins, Melachy Hawtaine, commissioners Henry Robinson, John Page, Alexander Gordon, William Bridges, Samuel Plumb, Esquires; Bell, Philip Names. Worlidge, Thomas Barry, Isaac Akerman, John Lttmifden, Benjamin Doggct, Michael Cuff', John Broom, John Madrill, John Spence, Theodore Hodgson, Thomas Williamson, John Smith, Benjamin Afferley, Nightingale Draper, ij aac Streatly, Daniel Parker, Thomas Strong, Humphry Webb, Matthew Shrub, William Iffes, Ezekiel Edmonds, Nuce Sterry, Thomas Gooding, John Stand ford, Francis Hunt, John Rose, Richard Afferley, Benjamin Biggs, Tyson Chapman, William Charlcivood, Thomas Harding, Francis Fairchild, Charles Ryley, Thomas Hammond, Ralph Crutcher, Philip Bourn, Richard Pen lay, William Saunders, James Gornb, John Suter, jfif Ham Courtney, Thomas Berryman, Peter Batts, Richard Dollett, John Patterson, Thomas Sawkins, Charles New jvne Pigott Sivift Kirby Morgan Riji, and Francis Hutchings, mall be, and are hereby declared and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt to be brought before them as are herein after mentioned; which said several Persons hereby declared and appointed, and all such Persons who by Commissioners virtue of this Act ball become Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid for the time being, shall be, and constituted a are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests for the Western Division a" Court of Mice. the Hundred of Brixton; and the said Commissioners herein before nominated and appointed for the lime sjne of liic being, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby authorised, im coult' powered and required to hear and determine all Matters of Debt within the said Western Division of the Crurt to (, r; er. Hundred of Brixton, where the Debt in Demand doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and to give mine all Mat. and pronounce such Judgement and Decree therein respectively, and to award Execution thereupon, with ters of Debt, not Costs, against the Bodies and Goods of all and every the Person or Persons against whom they shall give or amounting to pronounce any Judgement or Decree, as to them shall seem justin Law or Equity; and for that Purpose, arts

all such Commissioners as aforesaid for the time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised judgment^!

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Execution there and required to assemble, fit and hold the said Court once in every Week, to wit, upon every 7'burfday, or oftener, if Need shall require, in some convenient Places within the Towns of Wandsworth and Putney, to be approved and fixed on by the said Commissioners for the time being, or by a Majority of such of them as shall, for the time being, be the sitting or acting Commissioners, according to the Rotation herein after mentioned; and that the first two Courts to be held by virtue of this Act shall be at Wandsworth, and the third Court at Putney, and foin like Manner, two Courts to be held at Wandsworth and one at Putney, alternately, at all Times hereafter.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to whom any Debt or Debts, bum or Sums of Money is, are or shall be due or owing, in his, her or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons to whom he or she shall be Executor, Administrator, Guardian or Trustee, and for which Debt or Debts he, she or they shall demand any Sum, not' amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing, lodging and inhabiting or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, trading, dealing, working or otherwise seeking a Livelyhood within the said Western Division of the

upon.

Court to sit weekly, on Thursiay, at wanjsworth or Putney, c.

Method of Proceedings, and Recovery of Debts in the said Court, not exceeding 40 s.

or

Hundred of Buxton, to complain to the said Commissioners for the time being, or to any three or more of them, at any Court to be held by virtue of this Act, or to the Clerk of the said Court for the time being.

at any Time out of Court, touching such Debt or Debts; and upon such Complaint, the said Clerk for the time being, shall cause such Debtor or Debtors to be warned or summoned by the Beadle or Officer of the said Court for the time being, by Writing, to be left at the Dwelling house or Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or any other Place of dealing, lodging or working of such Debtor or Debtors, or by any other lawful and reasonable Notice or Warning to be given to the said Debtor or Debtors, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court for the time being, at some certain Court, and at some certain Place in the said Summons or Notice to be mentioned, to answer touching such Debt or Debts; and upon the Return of such Summons or Notice, and at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and at all Times afterwards, as there shall be Occasion, in case such Debtor or Debtors appear according to the said Summons or Notice, the said Commissioners for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall and may hear and determine concerning such Debt or Debts, and shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act to make, or cause to be made, such Acts, Order or Orders, and to give and pronounce such Judgement and Judgments, Decree and Decrees, for or against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, touching the same, and the Costs of such Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Justice and Equity; which Acts, Orders, Judgments and Decrees, shall be final between the Parties thereto; but in case such Debtor or Debtors shall not appear according to such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, to answer touching such Debt or Debts as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, beinr assembled in the said Court as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, upon due Proof being made before them, that such Debtor or Debtors was or were duly warned or summoned, as aforesaid, to proceed, ex Parte, to hear the Matter of the Complaint touching such Debt or Debts, and to make and pronounce thereupon such Order or Orders, Judgement or Judgments, Decree or Decrees, concerning the same, as to them shall seem just and equitable; and shall set down and appoint some certain Time and Place, according to their Discretion, for such Debtor or Debtors to show Cause before the Commissioners of the said Court, or any three or more of them, against such Order or Orders, Judgement or Judgments, Decree or Decrees, so made and pronounced upon a Hearing, ex Parte, as aforesaid; which Time and Place, or at any other subsequent Court or Courts, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, whether such Debtor or Debtors shall appear, or show Cause or not, upon due Proof that a Copy of such Order or Orders, Judgement or Judgments, had been delivered to such Debtor or Debtors, or left at his, her or their usual Place of Residence or Abode, or dealing or working as aforesaid, or that any other lawful and reasonable Notice thereof had been given to such Debtor or Debtors, to make and pronounce such final Orders, Judgments or Decrees, between the Parties, touching such Debt or Debts, and the Costs of Suits, as to them shall appear agreeable to Equity and good Confidence; and all such Acts, Orders, Judgments and Decrees, and all and every the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, shall be entered and registered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, by the clerks or Clerk of the said Court, and shall be observed, performed and kept in all Parts, as well by the Plaintiff as by the Debtor or Defendant.

III. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual for the Purposes thereof; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, who, according to the Rotation herein after prescribed, shall be the adding Commissioners for the time being, or any three of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, from time to time, and as often^as they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the better regulating of the Court, so the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessuy and conducive to the Purposes of this Act; as the same be so as they be conformable to Law, and do not tend to lessen or abridge the Fees herein after allowed by this not inconfiilent Act to foe taken by the Cu iks or Clerk, and Beadle or Officer of the said Court for the time being, or toast: the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to court to proceed Pi'occfs, Practice and Method of Proceeding, of and in the said Court only; according to which Rules

to give Judgement and Orders, so from time to time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall according the re have Power and Authority by virtue of this Act to proceed upon and to hear and determine all Matters of to, up n Mat Debt, not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act; and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the same, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon making and pronouncing every such final Order, Judgement or Decree, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall the ratty, r, r make and set down, for or concerning, or relating to such Debt or Debts, Complaint or Complaints, and

Goods, to be Costs

Till Otiicr?, fcc. of the Court to be registered.

A sling Commissioners impow <red to make Rules and or di rs for emulating the Practice

t: rs of Debt brought before them.

i'rocefs of f.xe

cution

against

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 23. 229

Costs of Suit, for or against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid, then it shall i, y the and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award and issue cou.t, on pro out, or cause to be issued out of the said Court, Process of Execution against the Body or Goods of such nouncins juds person or Persons, directed to the Beadle or Officer appointed to execute the Process of the said Court for ment > the time being, for levying by Distress and Sale of such Goods, or for the compelling by Imprisonment as herein after is mentioned, the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be ordered, adjudged and decreed to be paid, by any such Order, Judgement or Decree as aforesaid; which Executions against the he same to be Body or Goods, shall be governed by, and subject to the same Rules as Executions by the Writs of Fieri t0eke Facias, and Capias ad Satisfaciendum, out of superior Courts are subject to; and upon and by virtue of every of Fieri Facias such Execution so to issue out of the said Court of Requests, against the Body or Bodies of any Debtor or c. 'nibing out Debtors, the Party or Parties against whom the same shall issue, shall and may, if he, she or they shall be of superior found within the said Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, be taken and committed to, or detained urts. in Custody or safe keeping of the Beadle of the said Court for the time being, to be by him or them Party raa/be committed to, and confined in the County Gaol of the County of Surry the Gaoler or Keeper of which th^xecutio" said Gaol is hereby required to receive such Person or Persons from such Beadle, and to keep such Person or '

Persons within the said Gaol, during the Time for which he, she or they shall be committed by virtue of such Execution; thereto remain in Confinement until he, she or they shall perform and obey such or for any Time der, Judgement and Decree as aforesaid; so as no Person so to be imprisoned, shall remain in actual Confine rot exceedins ment and Custody under the said Execution, for a longer Space of Time than forty Days, to be computed /ol>j>'s from the Day of such Commitment exclusive. Process not to

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the

the said Commissioners, to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattles of any Person or Persons, where where'wa'rrant the Party entitled to the Benefit of any such Order, Judgement or Decree as aforesaid, shall have obtained shall have teen any Warrant or Process as aforesaid, against the Body or Bodies of the same Person or Persons, unless such obtained against Person or Persons shall escape, abscond or depart out of the said Western Division of the Hundred of Brix 'i16 Bod' th

V - r - - - r - — -'r Mr unless he

tonne, to avoid being apprehended and taken by virtue of such last mentioned Warrant or Process.

Party,

cfeape or abscond.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons being apprehended Beadle or Gaoler or convicted by virtue of any Warrant or Process of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall escape out of answerable for Custody of the Beadle of the said Court of Requests, or of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said County Gaol, vnlful Escapej, then in case such Escape shall, by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, be adjudged to have been wilfully permitted, or to have happened through gross Negligence, such Commissioners shall have and to make. Power to order and adjudge that the said Beadle, or Gaoler or Keeper, from whom such Escape shall be ^h^court made, do pay to the Party or Parties appearing to be injured by, and complaining of such Escape, so much frail adjudge Money, not exceeding the Sum mentioned in such Warrant or Process, against the Body or Bodies of the Person or Persons (To escaping, and which ought to have been paid by such Person or Persons) as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet and reasonable; and in case such Beadle, or Gaoler or Keeper, shall not forthwith perform such Order so to be made upon him or them, in respect of such Escape, such Beadle, or Gaoler or Keeper, shall be liable not only to make Satisfaction to the Party or Parties injured by such Escape, with Damage?; for all such Damages as he, she or they shall sustain thereby, to be recovered by Action in any of his Maand may be also

iesty's Courts of Record at tveftmivjier; but also to be removed by the said Commissioners, or the major removed'

art of them, from his said office, as and for a Misbehaviour in the Execution thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Warrant or Process tobeiftued Debt to be against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, shall be wrote or marked, in marked on the a plain and legible Manner, the Sum or Sums by reason of the Nonpayment whereof such Process shall if the

sue; where any Person or Persons shall be apprehended and committed by virtue of any such Warrant^".rant orpro" or Process to the Custody of such Gaoler or Keeper for refusing or neglecting to obey and perform any such" " Order, Judgement or Decree, as aforesaid, the Gaoler or Keeper for the time being, in whose Custody such Person or Persons shall be or remain, shall, and is hereby required, upon Tender to him of such Sum or and upon Bay sums of Money as shall be so marked or wrote upon such Warrant or Process of Commitment, as aforesaid, ment thereof, for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled to the same, together with five Shillings as his See in respect 5p, ..^gtr'<jn such Custody or Commitment, forthwith to discharge and set at Liberty such Person or Persons foin Custody be discharged, ° and in case any such Gaoler or Keeper shall make Default therein, or shall, after such Tender, unjustly de-upon penalty of tain in his Custody any Person or Persons so committed, as aforesaid, longer than forty Days, to commence 5l. a; aftoin and be reckoned from the actual Arrestor Confinement of such Person or Persons, or longer than the Time case of longer expressed in the Warrant or Process of Commitment which shall issue against such Person or Persons, every. Detention than such Gaoler or Keeper shall, in every such Case, forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons so unjustly detained dtr, U the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for tyre ed; n t'; Ye vvar county of Surry, for the Use of the Person or Persons so detained, in such and the like Manner as any Fine rant. orfines imposed as herein after is mentioned, on any Person or Persons for contemptuously affronting, insulting or abusing, all or any of the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests for the time being, during their Sitting in the said Court, shall and may be recovered and levied upon the Goods or Chattles of such Person or Persons so offending.

VIII. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of Matters and Can Court may ad fes which shall be depending in the said Court; It is hereby further eiradled, That it shall and may be lawful The f° k" S for the said Commissioners, or any three or mrtre of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby audio witricle^and rized and empowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath or Oaths to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, other Berfcns. Defendant or Defendants respectively, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party; and also to all or any of the Officers of the said Court, and to all other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning any Business relative thereunto; and an Affirmation or Affirmations to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant.

230

If any Action

for D^st under 4.0 final I L e filed in any other Court,

the Court to award the Defendant Full Costs:

But the Plaintiff may afterwards sue for the same in the Court of Kc; ueftc.

Penalty of infilling or abusing the Court daring their Sitting.

Fines to be leaded by Difirtfs and Sale.

Aoaliration of the Fines.

Cop Vs of the two hft claus s to tc affixed on the Dor of the Cliurthes, and in the Court.

C

0

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

fendant or Defendant?, Witness or witnesses, and Persons aforesaid, as are or shall be of the People called Quakers, if the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall so think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or upon the Case, upon any Jffumtpt for Recovery of any Drbr, to be sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons liable to be summoned as aforesaid, in any of the King's Courts at jvejtm vijier, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests, the Plaintiff shall declare for any Sum of Money not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally in Bar of Inch Action, that at the Time of commencing such Action, the Defendant was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other Matter specially; in case she Plaintiff in any such Action shall declare for the Sum of forty Shillings, or any Sum of Money exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant was not at the Time of commencing such Action indebted to the said Plaintiff, in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff shall and may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid; if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or ver didl pass against him, or Judgement be given on Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Full Costs; and in case such Defendant or Defendants (hold neglect to plead such Matters specially to such Action, and shall plead the General Issue, or any other Special blatter, not herein before particularly mentioned, and the Jury upon the Trial of such Action, shall, by their Verdict, find the Debt, Damages, or Sum of Money due to the Plaintiff, to be under the Sum of forty Shillings, such Verdict shall be, and is hereby declared to be void to all Intents and Purposes; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court in which such Action shall be depending, to tax and award the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, his, her or their Full Costs of Suit, in the same Manner as if a Verdict had parted for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action; the Defendant or Defendants shall, in such Case, have the same or the like Remedy for obtaining and recovering such Costs, as in Cases where a Verdict pastes for the Defendant in the like Action.

X Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants, for the Recovery of the said Debt, in the said Court of Requests; thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And for the more effectual establishing the said Court of Requests, and the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees which shall be made by the said Commissioners for the time being, and that such commissioners may be inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any Insults or abuses; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously affront, insult or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners of the said Court for the time being, during their sitting in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Beadle of the said Court for the time being, by Order of the said Commissioners then sitting, or any three or more of them, to take such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid into Custody, and carry him, her or them before one or more of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surry, to answer such Affront, Insult or Abuse, and upon the 'act alleged being duly proved upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, against him, her or them, then, and in such Case, the said Justice or Justices shall impose and set upon such Person or Persons offending as aforesaid, such Fine or Ftnes as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet and reasonable, provided the Fine on any one Person do not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the nonpayment of the said Fine so to be imposed or set upon any Person convicted of offending as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices to i(sue a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying the said Fine or Fines so imposed upon the Goods and Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, being then refiant or inhabiting in the County of Surry, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case such Goods and Chattles shall not be redeemed within five Days, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Person so offending, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not be refiant or inhabiting within the County of Surry, or shall not have any Goods or Chattles within the said County of Surry, whereof such Fine or Fines can be levied as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, and upon nonpayment of such Fine or Fines, it shall and may he lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or rheir Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Gaol of the County of Surry, there to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month, unless he, she or they shall sooner pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as aforesaid; in which Case he, she or they, on Payment of such Fine or Fines, shall forthwith be discharged out of Custody, and such Fine or Fines shall be applied to and for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed, in such Manner and Proportion as the said Justice or Justices of the Peace shall think fit and convenient.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks or Clerk of the said Court for the time being, shall, from time to time, affix, or cause to be affixed, upon the Doors of all the Parish Churches in the said Western Division of the Hundred of Bnxton, and likewise in the Room where the said Court shall be held, true Copies of the last two preceding Clauses of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may pretend Ignorance in the Premisses.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall make Oath or affirm, or give Evidence in any Cause depending in the said Court of Requests, whereby he, she or they shall commit any wilful or corrupt rerjury, and shall thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then, and in such Case, every such Person or Persons shall incur and fuster the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Pei jury, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, are now subject unto.

3 XV. And

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 23.

231

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That William Smyth of Putney in the County Clerics of the of Surry, Gentleman, and John Baptist Bnfhman of Battersea in the said County, Gentleman, shall be, and Court. are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests during their good Behaviour; who shall, and are hereby empowered and required to attend and do the Business of the said Court, and to issue out and register, in proper Books to be kept for that Purpose, all Summonses, Warrants, Precepts,

Acts, Orders, Difrniffions, Adjournments, Decrees, Judgments, Executions and Proceedings of the said Court; and the said Clerks shall, and are hereby authorised and required, within ten Days after the passing five Commit of this atto cause the first five of the said Commissioners, as they (land in order in this atto be sum sioners as they moned by the Beadle of the said Court to attend and do the Business thereof for the Month of July, and so first i "1 the like Number of Commissioners, as hey stand, or shall hereafter (land, next to the former, in Rotation, Rotation n the to do the like Duty from Calendar Month to Calendar Month, for each succeeding Calendar Month, till! the monedmonthw" whole Number of Commissioners shall have been summoned, and then begin with the first: 0? the Commis to attend the sioners monthly, in the Order they now Band and are set down in this atto continue to summon Business of the five Commissioners monthly, in like Rotation, in all succeeding Times, so as that the Commissioners for the Court, time being may, according to the Order aforesaid, and the Order in which they shall stand in the List of Commissioners for the future, take upon themselves, and put the Powers in this Act contained in due Execution.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to commissionera exclude or debar any of the said Commissioners for the time being, from sitting in the said Court, although empowered to they be not in Rotation or not summoned as aforesaid, but that all such Commissioners shall and may, so fit, the they be. often as they shall respectively think fit, fit and give Judgement therein; anything herein before contained to not in

the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Resignation or Remo Upon the Death; val of either of the said Clerks herein before named, the remaining Clerk shall continue to be the only Clerk Resignation or of the said Court, and shall proceed in the Business thereof, and in the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities

by this at vested in the said two Clerks, without any new or other Clerk to be nominated or ap^in the Place or Stead of such of the said two Clerks as shall first: die, resign, or be removed, it be mainingclerk ing the Intent and Meaning of this at, that from the Time of such first Death, Resignation, or Removal, to act fi kly; there shall be, at all Times afterwards, one Clerk only of the said Court of Requests, and no more, at one and only cne and the same Time, and upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the surviving or remaining Clerk courun all herein before named, the whole Number of Commissioners shall be summoned by the Beadle of the said futeure times3 court; or in Default thereof, by, or by Order of such of the Commissioners for the time being, as shall be upon his Death present at the said Court of Requests, next after such Death, Resignation or Removal, to meet at some Commissioners certain Place within the Town or Parish of jvandsworth aforesaid; upon some certain Day within five be summon days next after their being so summoned; such Commissioners as shall be assembled at such Meeting, or ed the major Part of them, are authorised, empowered and required to eleift and appoint another Person in the on

Room of such Clerk, and so from time to time thereafter, every Vacancy of the Office of Clerk shall be filled up and supplied by the like Election and Appointment.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioners the said Commissioners for the time being, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby required, to meet to meet and ap 3r assemble together at some convenient Place within the Town or Parish of jvandsworth aforesaid, within pint a beadie* twenty Days after the passing of this act, and then and there nominate and appoint some fit and sufficient

Person to be Officer, by the Name of Beadle of the said Court, for executing all and every the Process of the said Court of Requests committed to his Charge within the said Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, who is hereby authorised, empowered and required, by himself, or by his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, for whom, and for whose Behaviour, he shall, at all Times, be answerable, to execute all Warrants,

Summonses, Orders, Executions, Precepts and Process, issuing out of or from the said Court of Requests, or the said Commissioners for the time being, and upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the said Beadle, to choose another Person or Persons in his or their Room, and foin like Manner from time to time, and at all Times thereafter, as the Office of Beadle shall become vacant; and which said Beadle, so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall hold the said Office of Beadle of the said Court, during his good behaviour, and no longer; and shall and may be removed from the said Office from time to time, for mifbc haviour, to be judged and determined upon by the said Commissioners for the time being, or the major Part of them, in Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable Commissioners of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, until such to rake the fol

Time as he and they shall have respectively taken an Oath to the effect following: lowing Oath before

they ab,

I

A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the hest of my Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Adfc of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speecty Recovery of s?nall Debts within the jvejlern Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surry, without Favour or Affection to either Party.'

Which Oath one of the Clerks of the said Court, or any one of the Commissioners, who shall himself have clerk to admi taken the said Oath, are or is hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; a Memorial nifter and regi. whereof shall be entered in the Register of the said Court. x. fter lhe

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other See or Sees, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the said Clerks and Beadle of the said Court for the time being; that is to say,

For

Tabic of Fees,

Table of Fees to be hung tp in the Court.

Penalty on Officers taking other Sees, ur misbehaving in the Execution of their Office,

4

Regulations in the Proceedings of commilfip ers on Complaint of the mitheha \iour or Breach of Duty in the Offerers of the Court.

Time and Place of commissioners Met ling, j o Days Notice In be given of futit Meeting.

The filling up

Vjr WIC'CS ol

C nrmnifiuutrs how to be ob

1 # V i d.

C 23. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

For every Summons, to the Clerk fourpence.

For the Service of such Summons, to the Beadle fourpence.

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, to the Clerks twopence j and to the Beadle, one Penny.

For a Nonsuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerks one Shilling.

For paying Money into the Court, to the Clerks six Pence.

For every Hearing, to the Clerks threepence.

For a Copy of every Order upon a Hearing, CX Parte, and of every Judgement of Nonsuit to be served, to the Clerks fourpence.

For the Service of every such Order or Judgement, to the Beadle twopence.

For an Execution, to the Clerks one Shilling.

To the Beadle for levying the same, one Shilling.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in Full, to the Clerks fourpence.

For every Scarcn, to the Clerks twopence,

A Table of which Fees shall, from time to time, be hung up by the Clerks or Clerk of the said Court, in some public or most conspicuous Part of the Place where the said Commissioners shall meet for the purposes aforesaid, to the End that all Persons may, at all Times, see and read the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either of the said Clerks of the said Court, or any future Clerk for the time being, or the said Beadle for the time being, or either of them, shall take or demand any greater or other See or Fees than are before mentioned, or otherwise misbehave himself or themselves in the Execution of his or their Office, that then upon Complaint made of the said Offence or Offences to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at some Court to be held within one Month after such Offence or Offences shall be committed (such Complaint being duly proved upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, against him or them so offending as aforesaid) the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, before whom such Complaint shall be brought, shall proceed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, and not less than forty Shillings for any one Offence, to be levied (if not paid cn Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by whom such Complaint shall be heard, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted; which said Fine or Fines of such Person or Persons so offending, when so paid or levied, shall be applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall have been committed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the said commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Complaint deserves the Consideration of the whole Number of Commissioners, then such Commissioners sitting in Court are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet, as soon as conveniently may be, by public Notice to be given in the several and respective Parish Churches, within the said Western Division of the Hundred o{brixton, by the Clerk of the Parish, immediately after Divine Service, on the Sunday Morning next before such Meeting is to be held, such Sunday being at leaf! three Days before the holding of such Meeting, which Notice such Parish Clerks are hereby required then to publish and read, and such Commissioners so atlembled shall examine into the Aderits of such Complaint, and if it shall then appear unto such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Clerks or Clerk, or Beadle, hath been guilty of a gross Misbehaviour, or Breach of Duty in his Office, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to suspend or remove such Clerks or Clerk, or Beadle, from his or their respective Office or Offices.

XXIII. And for continuing a sufficient Number of fit, able and substantial Persons to be Commissioners for putting in Execution the Powers in this act contained; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the time being, shall meet upon the first Day of July in every succeeding Year, unless it shall happen to be on a Sunday, and then on the next Day following, in some convenient Place to be appointed and fixed upon for that Purpose by a Majority of the said Commissioners for the time being, and publicly notified ten Days before the said Day of Meeting; and in Default of such Appointment, then at the Place where the Court was last kept, at ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day; and the said Commissioners, or such of them as shall be so met, shall proceed by Ballot to electand appoint so many sit, able and substantial Persons inhabiting within the Western Division of the said Hundred of Brixton, as will fill up the several Vacancies that shall have happened by the Death of any of the said Commissioners, and also shall at the same Time, and in like Manner, cieift and appoint new Commissioners in the Stead of such of the said Commissioners as shall be removed out of the said Division, or shall refuse or neglect to aift for the Space of one whole Year before such Day of Election; and all and every such Person or Persons so to be eleifted a Commissioner or Commissi tiers, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered and required, as often as Occasion shall be, to ast, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and amide Manner as the said Commissioners herein named are by this al empowered to do; and upon every such Election, a List of the whole Number of the Commissioners shall be wrote fair by one of the present Clerks, and every future Clerk of the said Court, and by him he registered in the said Court, and in Inch i.ill the Name of each for mir Commissioner shall stand in the Order wherein it was before placed, and the said new Commissioners shall always be placed and stand last in Order in every new List.

XXI. V And whereas the Number of Persons herein before nominated and appointed out of each of the Parishes contined in the said Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, to make up the Number of fr ty Conuniffiaoners, is calculated, as near as may he, to bear a due Proportion with the Extent, Trade,

[ Wealth and Number of Inhabitants of and in each lclpcdlive Parish Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

i

I A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georg; 1 II

C 24. 233

aforesaid, That the same Proportion shall, as near as possible, be observed in filling up all Vacancies of Commissioners that shall hereafter happen.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt or Demand, No Suit for not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Re de^ts recower qtiefts, shall be brought against any Person or Persons in any other Court whatsoever; and that the Register^be or Book of Entries or Proceedings of the said Court of Requests shall be deemed legal Evidence of the Acts [, rou giit in any and Proceedings thereof; and that the Order of the said Commissioners for the Payment of any Money into other Court. Court for the Use of the Plaintiff or Defendant in any Suit there depending, shall and may be pleaded in

Bar, or given in Evidence upon the General Issue in any Action depending in any other Court for the same Matter between the same Parties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, being served with Process of Attornies, c.

the Lid Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege again! the Process, Authority, Jurisdic not exempted tion or Judgement thereof... franpro"ft

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Plaintiff not ap ftimmon, or cayfe to be summoned, any Defendant or Defendants to appear before the said Court, under pearing. Pretence of any Debt owing to him, her or them, from inch Defendant or Defendants, and shall not appear

and prosecute such Suit or Suits, or shall not prove, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any^not fl, ew; nr three or more of them, that there was a probable Cause of Suit and Complaint against such Defendant or obable cwe' Defendants, then, and in such or in either of these Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of Suit, Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to tobenonfuited, give Judgement of Nonsuit against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and to award and order him, her or them, to and Coils award pay the Costs of such Suit or Suits; and if the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be of Opinion, that such or either of the said Prosecution or Prosecutions was or were vexatious, that then, and menc; ng vexa in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to ticussuit, to award and order such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to such Defendant or Defendants, such Damages for such pay Costs. Prosecution as they shall think reasonable, over and besides the Costs of Suit on Judgement of Non and bc/lnc, b not suit aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of ten Shillings; and in case such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, after being txceedins 103* served with an Order for Payment of such Costs only, or such Costs and Damages jointly, as shall be so respectively awarded against him, her or them, shall refuse or negletft to pay the same; then, and in such and distress in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or pndvile 1^more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to issue out of the said Court Process of Execution against the Goods and Chattles, or Body or Bodies, of every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Offender may for levying such Damages or Costs by Distress and Sale, or for compelling, by Imprisonment, the Payment te imprisoned. thereof, in such and the like Manner as Execution against the Goods and Chattles, or Body or Bodies, of any Defendant or Defendants, by virtue of this act, may be awarded and issued forth.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this AI, or anything Limitation of herein contained, shall not extendi to any Debt for Rent upon Lease, or real Contrail, where the Title of the Poweis of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, can or may come, or be brought in Question; to any other th's with Debt, Matter or Thing that shall or may arise upon or concern the Validity of any Will, Testament or ^j^dcb^&e Contrail of Matrimony, and which propeily belong to the Ecclesiastical Courts, or any other Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; but that such Debt, Matter or Thing, maybe

sued and prosecuted in such Court or Courts, and in such Manner, as if this Act had not been made, although the same shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings; anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ailion or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in purfu Aflioos. ance of this Act, then, and in such Case, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Salt committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants, in

such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and any Orders, Books of General Issue, Entry, or other Proceedings of the said Court of Requests, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, anu have such tret lc Coils. Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged Public act, and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An for the more easy and speedy Recovery of^small Debts within the Borough of Great

Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof.

WHEREAS the Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, is a great Antiquity, and a great and extensive Trade and Commerce is carried on the

Port Town of very Preamble, therein: And whereas the Mayor of the said Borough hath usually held once in every Week a Court of Record, for the Trial of Civil Actions, commonly called The Borough Court, but as the Proceedings of the said Court in the lawful Course and Forms thereof, have been found to be expensive and dilatory, many il! disposed Persons do often contrail Small Debts, and although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements which Creditors lie under, from the Expense which they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which Vol. VIII H h ' they

2 74.

j

C 24*

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Vote.

On Death, AC. of commilnon c s, othois to be chosen.

C 'they meet with, in suing for such Debts May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Justices of the Peace, 2nd Aldermen of the said Borough, for the time being, and pjfo the thirty following peitor>?, be! 1 Fuller Esquire, Richard Lufon Esquire, liam Manning, "John Morris, Thomas Cobb, William Polgra William Fisher, Wi Ur qn hart, John Cromhic

be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all Inch Matters of jdebt and Detinue, as are herein after mentioned; and said Commissioners, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests for the Borough, Tcivn and Port of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the said Court on every Monday, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in the toll house Bali of the said Borough, Town and Pott, or at any other convenient Place within the Liberties of the said Borough, to be appointed by the major Part of such of the commissioners as shall be assembled at any such Meeting; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time, assembled at such Courts, are hereby authorised, and fully empowered, to hear and determine all such Causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with Costs, against the Body and Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement, if the Commis or make any such Order or Decree, as to them shall seem justin Law or Equity; and if the Commissioners f, oners shall be f0 assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question which may come before them, the Mayor sin an°1vq<!ie Borough for the time being, if present, or in his Absence, the Deputy Mayor, if present, or in

fiion though 1shall his Absence, the senior Alderman present, and if no Alderman is present, the Commissioner present who have the casting Hands first in the List of Commissioners, to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners shall meet, shall have the casting Vote.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from time to time on the Decease or re flgnation of any or either of the thirty Commissioners herein before particularly named, or of any or either of their Successors, to be eleefted in Manner herein after immediately mentioned, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of such of them as shall be assembled at a Meeting to be held for that purpose, within the Space of one Month next after such Decease or Resignation shall happen or he known, to elect and appoint one Commissioner in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying or refusing to act; and every such Commissioner so elected, shall be, and is hereby enabled to at in the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been Civil Magistrates herein particularly named a Commissioner.

to have no Vote

III. Provided always, That the Mayor, Justices of the Peace, and Aldermen of the said Borough, shall in thef.lediionof have no Vote in the Election of any such new' Commissioner.

cotmish ners. JV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June ceeiin°t and one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons what rove' v'ofdcbts' soever, who now' hath, have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, Thingor Things, under the Value of 1 r. the said cours, forty Shillings due or owing, or belonging unto him, her or them, in his, her or their own Right, or as Execu mi exceeding for, Administrator, Guardian or Trustee, to any other Person or Persons, by or from any Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or reflding within the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, or the Liberties thereof, or using

or frequenting the Markets thereof, or usually buying or selling, or seeking a Livelihood therein, or failing or navigating to and from the said Port and Haven of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, to apply to any one of the Persons herein after nominated and appointed for that Purpose, who shall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Sergeants at Mace for the find Borough for the time being, (which said Sergeants at Mace aie hereby appointed, authorised and required, to execute all Warrants, Precepts and Process, of the said Court of Requests) a Summons, in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum or Thing demanded of him, her or them; the Party demanding and requiring him, her or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in Inch Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Complaint; and the Sergeant at Mace shall forthwith cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by 'leaving the same at the dwelling house, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stan 1, or other Place of dealing or trading of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Limits of the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, with his, her or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her or them; and that upon Proof made that such Summons hath been duly Served, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, being a Majority of such Court, are hereby empowered and required to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and award Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience: for the better dif rovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of Matters and Causes which shall he depending in the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby empowered, to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath or Oaths to either of the Parties, an 1 t such Witness or Witnesses, as shall be produced by each Party, and to the Officers of the said Court; and all'o to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem neccflhry towards the He iring or Determining any of the said Causes, or making any Older or Decree therein, or for any other Purposes requisite to the Execution of this Act.

C 24. 23

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summons; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them so assembled, being a Majority of the said Court, after due Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree or Judgement, and to award reasonable Coffsof Suit, as to them shall seem moult agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing hall not make due Proof of his, her or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, but become nonsuited; and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts, ordered and decreed by the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid, hall have made, any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against 'whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, byway of Capias ad Satisfaciendum, or Fieri Facias, to the Sergeants at Mace of the said Borough, or any one of them, who by virtue of any such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the said borough, or Liberties thereof, and carry him, her or them to the Common Gaol or House of correction.for the said Borough, there to remain until he, he or they hall perform and obey such Order, Decree or Judgement, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution, fora longer Space than three Calendar Months; and by virtue of any such Preceptiffued upon Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the said Borough, or Liberties thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, 2sshall be so ordered, decreed and adjudged: And if the Party, 2gainst whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process thereupon shall issue, shall, by absconding, or by secreting his, her or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or eft edl of any such Execution; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon due Proof made to them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Service or Effecff of the said Execution had been prevented or evaded, at their Discretion to award another Execution, either against the body or Goods of such Party, and Process hall issue thereupon, and be served by the said Sergeants at Mace, or one of them, in Manner as is aforesaid: in case the Laid Court shall at any Time, upon the r.equest, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order, decree or adjudge a Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid by several Payments, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered, decreed and adjudged, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, shall and may award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall remain unpaid at the Time of such Default or Failure, together with such further Costs as to them hall seem meet, to be recovered by the same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of a Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order, Decree or Judgement to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted ly the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons, the Clerk of the said Court shall endorse, or cause to be endorsed, the Sum or Sums and Costs so ordered, decreed or adjudged, and the Costs of the said Execution; and if the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall, before any actual Sale of the Goods, or before he or hers apprehended, or before the Expiration of the 'Berm of his or her Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk of the said Court, such Sum or Sums and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in full for the same; and also the Sum of two Shillings and twopence for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Pxifon) then and in any such Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods of the said Party shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege, or pretended Privilege, shall he allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction of the ft id Court of Requests, on Account of his being a sworn Attorney cr Solicitor cf any of the Courts 2t West rnirfler, or of any Court whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any of the Sergeants at Mace who shall be employed to serve an Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carri. d away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not havctits due effccpr, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled.at any such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon Complaint made, and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Sergeant at Mace to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for

Debtor not appearing, being duly summor.ed. Court may examine the Plaintiff, and award reasonubk costs:. 1

But if the Plaintiff" become nonsuited, the Court to award i favour of the Defendant.

Process of Execution against the Party or Goods, to be issued on Judgement of the Court.

Party may be committed, on Execution issued against his Body, for any Time not exceeding 3 Months.

If Process iff tie against the Goods, the Sums due thereon may be levied by Distress and Sale. Patty abscond ing, or evading the Service of such Process, Court, on Procf thereof, may award another Execution. Where ihecourt shall direct a Debt to be paid by several Payments,

the Defendant liable, on the first Default, to Execution for the whole Sum, and Costs,

Debt and Cells to be endorsed on the Back of the Process.

On Payment thereof, and Sees, Execution to be superseded.

No Privilege so prevent the Execution of this Act.

Offcer foss ering the Pa 1 ty to escape, or his Goods to be secrettd,

liable, upon Conviction, to pay the Debt,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

236 C 24.

A.D. 1757.

commiittorers empowered to make Rules for regulating ti e Piaitice of the Court.

Commissioners to take the follow ng Oath before they aft.

which the salt! Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any six or more of them, assembled at any such Court, from time to tiinc, to make such Rules and Orders for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, and the Method of Proceeding therein, as shall seem to them most expedient and conducive to the Purposes of this Act; so that such Rules and Orders shall be agreeable to Law, and according to the true intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Rules and Orders, having been signed by the said six or more Commissioners, shall be in full Force, and be kept and observed by all the Commissioners thereafter holding, or to hold the said Court, and their Officers, and the Suitors therein, until the same shall be repealed by the like Number of Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of adiing as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effedi following; that is to say,

The Oath.

Oath to be fu minilhreu by the Clerk, or one of the Commissioners.

John Spurgeon, Cent, nominated Clerk of the Court, with Power to appoint a Deputy. Business of the Clerk.

Future Clerks by whom, and in what Manner, to be elected.

The four Attorneys of the bo rough Court for the time being, to ill lie sum nionfes at the sir if Infbnce. Fires allowed to b.' a'<cn by 1i1; Ofiv cis of the cut,

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the beffc of myjudg ' JL ment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Great Tar mouth, and the Liberties thereof, without Favour, Affediion or Prejudice to either Party.'

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Court, or any one of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the Registers of the said Court by the said Clerk.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Spurgeon Gentleman, the present Town Clerk of the said Borough of Great Tarmouth, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests, during his good Behaviour in the said Office; and shall have Power and Authority to appoint a Deputy; which said Clerk, or his Deputy, are hereby empowered and required to ill lie out all W arrants and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees and Judgments of the said Court; and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided by him, and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court; and whenever it shall happen that the Place or Office of Clerk of the said Court shall become vacant by the Death, Resignation or Removal of the said John Spurgeon, or any other future Clerk of the said Court, the Mayor of the said Borough for the time being, 'shall, and is hereby required, within ten d.iys after such Vacancy shall happen, to cause all the Commissioners for the time being to be summoned to meet' at the toll house Hall of the (hid. Borough, at a certain Time by him to be appointed, so as the same be not less than four Days, hor more than fourteen Days, after such Vacancy shall happen; and the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, or the major Part of them, shall nominate and appoint another fit and able Person to be Clerk of the said Court during his good Behaviour.

XIV. And whereas in the said Borough Court of Great Yarmouth, there anciently have been four attor nies only who have been allowed to practice in the said Court, who hold their Offices during their good Be 4 haviour, and may sustain great Loss by this Act, unless some Compensation be made to them for the same Therefore be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Robert jvoohuer, John Ramey, Rracey toy lor, and Thomas Mandarke the younger, Gentlemen; the four present Attorneys of the said Borough Court of the said Borough, and their Successors, Attorneys of the said Borough Court for the time being, and every of them (as a Compensation for the Loss they may sustain in their said offices.by this present Act) shall and may, and are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to make out all Summonses at the first Instance, in such Manner as is herein before directed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several pees hereafter limited and expressed, and ro other, shall be taken by the said Clerk, and the said four Attorneys and Sergeants at Mace, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; that is to say.

For issuing every Summons, to the Attorney who iffucs the same, six Pence.

For the Service of such Summons, and attending the Court with the Return, to the serjeant threepence.

For entering the Cause, to the Clerk six Pence.

For every Hearing, to the Clerk threepence, to the Attorney threepence.

For every Order, to tyre Clerk threepence, to the Attorney threepence.

For cnteiing every Order, and making a Copy, if required, to the Clerk threepence, and to the Attorney threepence.

For the Service of every Order against a Party not in Court, and attending with the Return, to the Sergeant six Pence.

For a Nonsuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerk twopence, and to the Attorney twopence.

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing, to the Clerk six Pence, to the Attorney six Pence, and to the Sergeant for Service thereof one Shilling.

For acknowledging Satisfaction, to the Clerk threepence, to the Attorney threepence.

For an Execution, to the Clerk LIX Pence, to the Attorney six Pence, and to the Sergeant (or Service there? of one Shilling.

For a Sulperna, to the Clerk threepence, to the Attorney threepence, and to the scijeai.t for Service thereof twopence.

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk six Pence.

For every Search of the Books, to the Clerk twopence.

A Tabic

C

24.

0?

7

A Tabic of which Fees shall, from time to time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court in some conspicuous Part of the said Court, or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, i'o that all Persons who mall attend the said Court may see and read the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk of the said Court for the time being, or his Deputy, or the said Attorneys or Sergeants, or any of them, or any Person employed by or under them, or any of them, shall take or demand any greater or other See or Fees than as abovementioned, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses made in open Court, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, shall, and are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, to punish such Offender by Fine, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings for one Offence to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Cha

Table of Fees 10 be hung up in the Court. Penalty of ta king gieater nr other Fees.

ties, by Warrant under the Planets and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or

of

Mefbehaviour, with the Proofs thereof, unto the thereupon cause all the said Commissioners to be shall lay the same before the Commissioners al

more

them, rendering to the Owner the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced; which Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Chamberlains of the said Borough, for the Use of the Corporation of Grvai Yarmouth aforesaid, in like Manner as other Fines within the said Borough, are, and have usually been paid: And if the said Clerk of the said Court for the time being shall be guilty of any notorious Adifbehaviour, either by continually or frequently taking or demanding greater or other Fees than as aforesaid, or any other wise, upon Complaint made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall in open Court, hear and inquire into the Matters of the said Misbehaviour by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall, if they (being ji Majority of the said Court) shall think fit, certify the Particulars of the said Mayor of the said Borough for the time being, who shall funnnoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and

sembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall take the same into Consideration, and may, according to their Discretions, suspend or remove the said Clerk so offending from his said Office, and nominate and appoint another fit and able Person to exercise the said Office in his Place and Stead.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Commissioners of the said Court for the time being filial 1 be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing or determining the said Cause, or making any Order, Decree or Judgement therein; but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw until the same is finally determined: And if the Clerk of the said Court, or any other of the Officers thereof for the time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk, or other Officer, shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any tiling relating thereto, but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk or other Officer re fpcfftively, in all things relating to such Cause: no Attorney of the said Borough Court, or Clerk or other Officer of the said Court of Requests, so long as they respectively continue in such Office, shall be capable of being nominated for, or ailing as a Commissioner of the said Court.

Court disqualified from being

Fine to be paid into the cham beriain's Court, for the Use of the Corporation. How the com m'.fijaneis are to proceed upon Complaint of Misbehaviour aeainst the ck ik.

1'ower of the Coutt upon Convicti n to suspend or remove him. Where a Commit!']; neri par tv to or mterefled in a Cause, he is to withdraw, after giving Evidence, and where the Clerk, or other Officers are interested, the court is to appoint others to act for them. Ofnceis of the corr.inifiioneii.

XVIII. And for the more effectual Establishment of the said Court, and that the Commissioners thereof Penalty of inmay be veiled with a proper Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse; enacted by the fultingoi abu authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the (" !g the Court Commissioners of the said Court for the time being, during their sitting in the said Court, or wilfully prevent

or hinder them, or any of them, from proceeding in the Business of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the Sergeants of the said Court, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said court, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and carry him, her or them, before the Mayor, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough; and upon tyre Insult, Abuse or other Misbehaviour as aforesaid, being duly proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es, the said Mayor, Justice or Justices. punish every such Offender, either by Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings, upon any one Person for any one Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the said Offender, or Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of the said Borough, for any Space of Time not exceeding ten Days; and where the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, shall have imposed a Fine upon such Offender, and there shall not be found sufficient Goods of such Offender, whereupon such Fine can be levied, the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, shall and may by Warrant under his or their Hand or Seal, Hands or Seals, commit the said Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Borough, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding ten Days; and all such Fines as aforesaid, Hi all, when levied, be paid and applied, in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be paid and of applied; and the said Clerk of the said Court for the time being, shall, from tune to time, canfe a true Copy clause to be six of this Clause to be fixed up in the Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, in some conspi CD up in the cuous Part thereof, where the Persons resorting to the said Court may see and read the same. Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in any Action of Debt, or a clion on if any Action

the Case, upon an assumpsit for the Recovery of any Debt or Thing, to be sued or prosecuted against: any fr Debt under Person or Persons as aforesaid, in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said bs

Court of Requests, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall declare for any Sum of Money not amounting to forty ^ther eourr Shillings, the Defendant or Defendants may plead generally in Bar of such Action, that at the Time of corrmcncing such Action, the Defendant or Defendants was or were liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other Matter specially; if the Plaintiff or Plain the court to tiffs in any such Action, shall declare for any Sum amounting to forty Shillings or more, the Defendant or award the De

Defendants fcndanl Double Costs,

23

C 24,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

A.D.

Defendants m?, y plead generally, over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant or Defendants, was or were not at the Time of commencing Inch Action, indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Sum of Money amounting to forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter spec: ally, and unto the said Pleas, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matter pleaded as aforesaid; if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or Verdictpafs or Judgement on Demurrer, be given against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants hall have Double Costs, unless the Judge who shall try such Cause, upon any such Plea or Pleas as aforesaid, shall in open Court certify on the Back of the Record, that there was a probable or reasonable Cause of Action for some Money or Thing of the Value of forty Shillings or more, or that the said Cause was not within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or that an Act of Bankruptcy principally came in Question'

'Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, afterwards to prokcute the said Defendant or Defendants for the Recovery of the said Debt or Thing in the said Court of Requests; thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt or Thing not amounting to the Value of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons in any other Court whatsoever; and if any Action or Suit shall be brought in any other Court for any Matter within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, and concerning which any Order, Decree or Judgement shall have been made or given in the said Court of Requests, such Order, Decree or Judgement, being pleaded or given in Evidence on the General iftiie of such Action or Suit, shall, as to the Matters contained therein, be an effectual Bar to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit 5 and the Registers or Books of Entry of the said Court, or true Copies proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be deemed legal Evidence of the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court; and no Suit which shall be commenced in thfe said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceeding therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court, but the same shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act or anything herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, renements or Hereditaments, can or may come in Question; to any Debt, Matter or Thing that shall or may arise upon, or in any wise relate to or concern, any Cause of Testament or Matrimony, or anything concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts, nor for any Debt for any Money ot Thing won at, or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, cr any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statue or bylaw 5 nor to any Debt whereof there has been no Contract or Undertaking to pay within six Years before the taking out the Summons, although the same shall be under the Value of forty Shillings.

Jurisdiction of

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act or anything herein ih« Court of, \d contained, shall not take away, limit or lessen the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, held in and for

miralty not.

abridged by this Act.

Rat the Plaintiff

may afterwards f ie sir the f.nie in the Court of If er news.

Debt: rcccvtr ab'e in this orrt not sue i b'e el few here. Decree of the Court therein to bar all Ac 1 ions in other Ceurtt.

Cause not removable to higher Coot: ?, and Judgement to be final. Limitation of the Po trs of 1 his Act vit h respect to certain Debts, see.

the Borough and Port of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, by virtue of certain Royal Grants or Charters, but all Causes lawfully cognizable in that Court, may continue to be commenced, prosecuted and determined therein, according to the usual Course and Practice thereof as heretofore hath been; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding -

Andj be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, in making Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests pursuant to this Act, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Person or Persons being duly convicted thereof according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wily full and corrupt Perjury is or are subject and liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the time being, of the Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said Borough, shall, and they are hereby required to receive and take into their Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to Hand committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, being the Majority of such Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution or other

Penalty of Re Process, issuing out of the said Court of Requests; and in case the Keeper of the said Gaol or House of kif.il, or suffer Correction respectively, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody, any Person or Persons ing the Prisoner committed by virtue of this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at Large, without Warrant or Order for that Purpose, in Writing, signed by three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court; such Keeper respectively offending in either of the said Cases, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon his own Confession, filial forfeit and pay for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Discretion of such Justice; such Sum shall he immediately paid by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or, in Default thereof, shall lie levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender, the ((1 { t Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deducttd; which Forfeiture, when paid or levied,

cli»mbrrlaln fer e immediately paid overby such Justice, or by the Person who shall levy and receive the same, to the 1 Ik ufr of the Chamberlains of the said Borough for the time being, or one of them, for the Use of the Mayor, alder corpo aiion. men, Burgesses and Commonalty of the said Borough.

Anomies of the

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney of any Court of Record, (Wt not ai be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests, as Attorney or Advocate, on Behalf of any Plain

Penalty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Gaol Keeper, o. to receive Prisoners committed by the Ccurt.

to escape, or to £0 at large, cpr

iu'tv lo be

tried to plead

3

tiff

C 2^.,

239

or a p fe j r as A i*Vf'cftes, except where lh.'y are i'art>s to tic Cause; nor to art as

tiff or Defendant, or be admitted to spealc in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attorney is not himself a Party or Witness, under a Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be levied and applied as abovementioned, with respect to Keepers of the said Gaol and House of Correction; hall any such Attorney act as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests; thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person inhabiting or re Comm (Timers.

Tiding within the said Borough, shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the Clerk Penalty on Poof the said Court, to appear in the said Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Sum fon$ rtfuhng 10 inons mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to ap

pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, and due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or the^urt Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shown to the Satisfaction of the Majority of the Commissioners, 'present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, and being a Majority of them, to impose a Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Off'; northeast to be pall fender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deducted; which Fine, when paid or le ever to the Party vied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance, or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Sum whose o mons issued.'fhncelhesum

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be sued out againfr, rntnns I, ut^nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of any Person or Persons, shall be served on any the said Commis ^fs^ithou^0* sioners for the time being, for anything by him done in the Execution of his Office, until Notice in Wri month's Notice ting of such intended Writ or Process hall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place of his to be served on Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue, or cause the same to be sued 01 served, anycommiflio at leaf! one Calendar Month before the suing out orferving the same; in which Notice shall be clearly and " er explicitly contained the Cause of Action, which such Party hath, or elaimeth to have, against such thttlx commissioner, on the Back of which Notice shall be endorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, toge ecu ion of his there with the Place of his Abode, who shall be entitled to have the See of twenty Shillings, for the prepa Oilke. ring and serving such Notice, and no more.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioner, at any Comnvflnner

Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party com may tender plaining, or to his or her Agent or Attorney; and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such Tender amen<js'^in Bar to any Action to be brought against him, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea thee

of Not guilty, and any other Plea with Leave of the Court; and if, upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury Action, c. shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; Court to give and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or her Action; Judgement and or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer, such Commissioner award Costs. shall be entitled to the like Cosh as he would have been entitled unto, in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if, upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper; which he or he hall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Commis pontiff not to

fioner in any Case where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendant as a Commissioner, unrecover where less it is proved upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given as aforesaid; but in Default Notice as afore thereof, such Commissioner shall recover a Verdict, Costs, as aforesaid. ha.snoi;

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner hall northeast cons^en

gledt to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends, before the Action brought, it hall

may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before ioinr/ n y Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Or the money into ders and Judgments, shall be had, made and given, in and by such Court, as in others Actions where the Court, c. Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on No Evidence to

the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notice be Slven by the hereby directed to be given. flamt, f but

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Aaion or Suit shall be ^ncdva the brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done, or to be done, in pur r Notice, fuance of this Act, such Aaion or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next Limitation of after the Faa committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the Aftlons general Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon; General I/tne, and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Aaion or Suit; or if, upon Verriia or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble such Costs as are usually taxed and allowed between Party and Treble Costs, Party, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged publick act. and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

240 C 25.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Tor funr.tr Pry

ns czr.cet. IV?

j ct

C'jrrty re ft 1 to

1 & z V £7 AC. C 15 Ckr 2.

2 C<K. 2 f. ls.

[Preamble.]

CAP. XXV.

An act for establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn and Grain, within the City or Liberty of Westminster.

2 c513 W. 3. C 10. 5 C 29.

r. 7.

5c,

22 Cilr 2

1. 2. f. 12.

C 13. i Jctc. 2. C 19. 1 W7'. & m.fiat, c. 12 Gf 24. 11 12 t 3. r. 20.

11 2. r. 22. 24 G. 2. C 5 & 26 Geo. 2. c. 15. 30 Geo. 2. r. I.

A free Market for Sale of Corn End Gran to be held in wcfl rr.inltcr.

Trustees Names;

Trustfes impow ored to let oot and purchase Ground, hz. for the Site of the Market.

Bodies Politic, Guardians, true f'res, and other i'crfons in'.ercft td in such Ground', Arc. inv owere.l to fill and convey the same, for the Purpose afort said.

Such Sale and Conveyance deemed good in Lav.

Where such Lands, &c. Hall hr held in Trust, the Maury is to be laid cut in Purchn cs C f o'hrr Lan I;, he. of ctjol V il i ", to be frilled an 1 applied to like 13 lit s ?i declared

i;. i'uth T rtilb,

WHEREAS the establishing a free Market for the Sale of Corn and Grain within the City or Liberty of Westminster, would be very advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said City and Liber ' ty, as well as the adjacent Parts, but such Market cannot be established without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be a free and open Market held within the City or Liberty of wstminster, for all Sorts of Corn and Grain whatsoever 3 and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to buy or sell any Sort of Corn and Grain, Seed, Malt, Meal and Flour, in the said Market, without any Disturbance or Molestation whatsoever, hevertheless yielding and paying such Sums as are herein after mentioned.

II. And to the end the said intended Market may be erected, established and maintained, under such

Rules and Regulations, as are by this Act herein after directed and prescribed; Re it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Honourable Major-general Edward Cornwallis, Sir John Croffle Baronet, and the Representatives in Parliament for the City of Westminster For the time being; Sir William Beauchamp Proflor Baronet, George Cooke Esquire, and the Representatives in Parliament for the County of Middlesex for the time being; the Honourable Charles Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord Charles Cavendish; the Right Honourable Lord Carpenter in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Richard Groflvcnor, Sir Matthew

Lamhe, Baronets; George Onslow, John Wilkes, John Little, Nathaniel c/trzon, Samuel Threfloer, John Olmius, John Goodchild, John Drummond, Edward Byron, John Pudsey, Saunders Welsh,

Clutterbuck, John Waljh, Henry Collett, 'thomas Gilpin, Esquires; Wright Coach maker,

Giffard, John Machin Timber Merchant, Latham Distiller, Thomas Chamberlain Pewtcrer,

Kemp Bridges Laceman, Morris Woollen Draper, Thomas Bcdwell Ironmonger, Samuel

Pehfon, Nicholas Spencer, Roger Jackson, Richard Lane, Thomas Brook and Nathaniel Beaver, Gentlemen; shall, from and immediately after the pa sling of this act, be, and they are hereby appointed True flees for putting this al in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or any person or Persons authorised by them, to fetout Ground proper for holding the said Market at some convenient Place within the said City or Liberty; and also to purchase such Ground, together with any Buildings erceled thereupon, or upon any Part thereof, and all or any Estate, Term or Interest, subsisting therein, and to convert the said Ground into a Market; in Trust nevertheless, to and for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, as are herein after declared concerning the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Femes Covert who are or shall be seized or interested in their own Right, Trustees and feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Lunatics and Idcots, Executors, Administrators and Guardians whatsoever, not only in Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and in Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seized or postefi ed of, or interested in, any Lands, Messuages or Tenements, which shall be within the Bounds and Limits so to be set out by the said Trustees, as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, for the holding the said Market thereon, to contrail for, fell, convey or surrender to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to any Person or Persons they shall appoint in Trust for them, all or any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Terms for Years, or any Estate or Interest therein; and that all such Contrails, Agreements, Bargains, Sale, Alignments, Surrenders and other Conveyances, which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons conveying, but also all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Ceftique Trusts, whether Infants or Iftlie unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and all Persons claiming, or to claim, by, from or under them; any Law, Statute or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid by the said Trustees, for the Purchase of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Estate therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Femes Covert, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Guardians or Committees for Lunatics or Idiots, Executors, Administrators or Guardians whatsoever, either as aforesaid, or in Manner herein after directed, shall be laid out again in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of such Estate therein, as the Vender or Venders had in the premisses, from the Sale of which the said Purchase Money arofc; and the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other the premisses, which shall be purchased with the said Money, shall be settled, conveyed and allured, to the same Uses, and Hand charged with, and be liable to, the lame Charge or Charges, as

the

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 25*

241

the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, from the Sale of which the Purchase Money shall arise, were liable to, and chargeable with, before the same were so sold to the said Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen that any Person or Per if the Parts fons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are hereby en intcrcfh djhail a bled to convey as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat and agree with the said Trustees, or to convey as aforesaid, iefuf- 10 Crca'* then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, Trustees are to to issue out a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the High Bailiff of ivcjitnlnjler (who is hereby authorised and directed to obey the same) to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial and Bailiff to im" disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than forty-eight, nor more than seventy two; and pine! and return out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn jury; by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or some Person to be by them, or any five or more of who are to be them, appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at jvejl f^hvtnals^ot' minster, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the i, Tues joined, by better Regulation of Juries) are drawn; which Persons so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, are Act of 3 Geo. hereby required to come and appear before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at such Time 2. are directed, and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be diretfted and appointed; and all Jurors may be Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them, touching or concerning the Premises, and to require any Person or Persons who shall have any Books, Trustees may Papers, Deeds or Writings, which may tend to discover the Value of the premisses, or the Title or Titles f, mmon and <* of the Persons claiming any Estate or Interest therein, to produce the same to the said Trustees, or any five ^q^'tnef, CI or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to inspetsl the same; and the said True °, d 03rje' r.vi ftees, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby empowered to administer Oaths, as well to the dences and Do parties concerned, as to others, for the Discovery of the Truth of the Value of the premisses, or of the cuments of the Title of the Person or Persons claiming any Estate or Interest in the premisses; and shall and may autho Estates to b. c. rize the said Jury to view the Place or Llaces, or Matters in Question, in case the said Trustees, or any five 'iru°1dut<0e^jew, ic or more of them, shall think fit so to do; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths shall also be phle inou.*' administered by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them) shall inquire of, and assess such Damages ftim, and assess and Recompense, as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses, Ground the Damage and or other Estate or Interest, or either of them, for their respeiflive Estates and Interests therein, and which the said Trustees shall adjudge necessary to be purchased for the Purpose aforesaid; the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled together, shall and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums so afteif cd by such Jury or Juries respectively; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgement, Decree or Determination, thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, afiem blpd together; and the Value and Recompense so to be assessed and declared (Notice in Writing being first b*ndlns given of the Time and Place and Intent of the Meeting of the said Trustees, at lead twenty Days before of (e, C

such Meeting, to any Person who is in Possession of any Estate or Interest, then to be valued and assessed; t(jbe given or in case such Person or Persons cannot be found to be personally served therewith, such Notice being left to the Party in at the dwelling house or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, or with Possession, c: some Tenant or Occupier of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or premisses, so to be valued and assessed, or any of them, or if wholly untenacted, then Publication thereof being made in the London Gazette) shall or ifmtenant be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person or Persons |.d bet?ub" whatsoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, claiming any Right, Title, Trust or Interest, in, to or out of Gazette.'*the said Houses, Grounds, Tenements and Premises, to be affected by this AI, either in Possession, reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, Tenants in Tail, verdia, and Tenants for Life, Terms of Years, or at Will, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and ad judgement there ministrators; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Trustees, or any upon, toretranf five or more of them, which concern such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be transmitted to, fitted to, and and entered or docquetted in, the register's Office for the County of Middlesex, and shall be deemed and re^fter soffice taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; all Persons may have Recourse to the same Recouife may gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for the Copies a Sum riot exceeding six Pence for every two hundred be had thereto. Words; and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words. and copies taken

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money thereof so to be adjudged for the Purchase of the premisses, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal Conveyances, assign ments and Assurances in the Law, to the said Trustees and their Successors, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money were so awarded, and shall do all such acts, Matters and Things necessary or and executed of

requisite to make a good, real and perfect Title thereto; and such Conveyances, Assignments and Afluran v^g^tticl* ccs, shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall, on Behalf of the said Trustees and their flja|| not be e - Successors, he required; and in case any Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be awarded as afore vinred, or shall said, shall not evince a Title to the said Premises to the said Trustees, and make, or procure to be made, be refused to l good and legal Conveyances thereof, or sit all refuse so to do, being thereunto required, such Sum and Sums made of Money so awarded as aforesaid, being ready to be paid to him, her or them, on making such Title, and tendered for that Purpose; in case any Person or Persons entitled to the Premises for which Sum or Sums or the Proprie. of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot b. c. found within the City or Liberty of Westminster or for eannot be

County o' a'liddl(sex; or in case that by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or b. c.

for Defcdt of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, what Person °ou'btm v.ho is Vo I. VII f. II Or the right Owner;

Recomuence on Oath. '

Trustees to give Judgement thereupon; which ito be final and

Upon Payment of the Sum assessed, Conveyance to be mad

242 C 2 5*

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

ths Trustees are to lodge the Money, payable for the Premises, in the Bank;

Receipt to be given for the Money, and to be transmitted to, and entered in, the register's Office;

after which, all Right in the Premises to veil In the Trustees.

After Payment of the purchase money, Trustees may enter on the Premises, and convert the same into a Market.

Trustees may borrow Money for the Purposes of this act;

build Sheds and Stands in the Market 5 orletthegroimd on a Building Lease.

Previous Motiee to be g venin the Gazette before the borrowing Money, toco 1. may be ajv need for the Purchase of Life Annuities,

after th Rate of fc 1. percent, per Annum,

and to be paid tjuartcrly.

Annuities to be sold to the best Bidder.

Names and Abode of the Purchaser, the Sums when and by whom paid, Arc. to Lc enter'd in proper Books;

or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in Question; then, and in all and every or any such Case and Cases as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to order such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, as the Value of and Purchase Money for the said Premises, to be paid into the Bank of England for theufeof the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and each and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, at such Times as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, order and direct; and the Caftiier and Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum and Sums, mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums into the Bank of England as aforesaid; Receipt or Receipts shall be transmitted to, and entered or docqueted in the register's Office of the County of Middlesex, in Manner aforesaid, and shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and immediately on such Payment and Registry all the Estate, Right, Title, Use, Trust, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity, of all and every Person and Persons for whose Use such Money was paid, of, in, to, from and out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, shall vest in the said Trustees and their Successors; and they the said Trustees and their Successors shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual pofl ession thereof, and to be seized thereof in fee ftmpic, freed and discharged from all Claims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption either at Law or in Equity, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually, as if all and every Person and Persons, having any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Interest: or Equity of Redemption, of, in, to, from or out of the said Premises, had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale, Enrolled Feoffment, with Livery of Seifln, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made; but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, and Remainders, as fully and effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do, or would have done, if levied or suffered by proper Parties in due Form of Law.

VIII. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after Payment made for the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and their Successors, to enter upon the Premises so purchased, and every Part thereof, and to convert the same to be used as a free Market as aforesaid.

IX. And, for raising a Sum of Money sufficient for the Payment of the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, and other the Purposes of this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to raise, borrow, take and receive, of and from any Person or Persons whomsoever, or anybody or Bodies Corporate or Politic whatsoever, who are willing to lend and advance the same, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three thousand Pounds for the Payment of such Purchase Money, and for other the Purposes of this Act; and to setup and build upon such Lands so to be purchased, all such Sheds, Stands, Stalls, and other Erections, as shall be found necessary for constituting the said Market; or in case it shall be found to be more convenient and beneficial to let out such Ground upon a Building Lease or Leases for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to set and let out such Ground for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same, payable Quarterly, or otherwise, upon a Lease or Leases, for any Term or Terms not exceeding sixty one Years, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to contrast for and take the same, with proper Covenants binding him or them to build and setup all necessary Erections thereupon for converting the same into a Market as aforesaid.

X Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of this Act by the said Trustees, unless Notice in the London Gazette shall be first given thereof at least twenty Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XI. And, for discharging the Debt to be incurred as aforesaid. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or their Treasurer for the time being, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole, the Sum of three thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the Natural Life of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the Natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by and on the Eehalf of such respective Contributor or Contributors, at the Time of Payment of his or their respective Contribution Moneys; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for every one hundred Pounds, and foin proportion for any greater or less Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; all which Annuities so to be purchased, shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of two hundred and forty Pounds per Annum, and shall be payable and paid by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, in such Place within the said City or Liberty of Westminster, as they, or any five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, by Quarterly Payments; the first Payment to begin and be made to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers, and his or their Assigns, at the Expiration of three Months after Payment of their respective Purchase Moneys; which Annuities shall he publicly sold by the said Trustees to the best Bidder for the same.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, That there shall he provided by the said Trustees, and kept in such Place within the said City or Liberty c&Westminster, as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, a Book or Books in which shall be fairly written in Words at Length the Names and Surnames, with the proper Additions and Places of Abode, of all such Persons who shall be Proprietors of any of the Annuities aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upon

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

G. 2j.

the Credit of this Act, and also the Sum so paid for the purchase of such Annuities, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; to which Book and Books, it shall be lawful for the said respective Purchasers, and their to which p.c assigns, and to and for any other Person or Persons, at all seasonable Times, to have recourse to and inspect 'ourfc m.iy le the same, without Fee or Reward. 13 grlu*'

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Annuities en credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, for any such fared 10 the Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or pu!cha ers' their respective Assigns, hall have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, during the Term of the Natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor, as abovementioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Assigns respectively, hall have good, sure, absolute and indefeazable Estates and interest in the Annuities so by them e'la! "

respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the Receipts to be said Annuities shall be subject or liable to any Tax assessed upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and given to contri that every Contributor upon the Credit of this Act for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as bllt: ors far the aforesaid, his, her or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, !^0?ey p3ld at the Rate aforesaid, or any Part or Proportion thereof, into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any five or ^ytn ctmricar more of them, or their Treasurer for the time being, hall have one or more Receipt or Receipts, import jnpg their Paving the Receipt of so much purchase money as shall be so paid; and upon Payment of all the Purchase ments, an Order money for any such Annuity or Annuities, every such Contributor, his, her or their Assigns respectively, is to Le given hall have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the °?'e!um the Natural Life of such Personas shall be nominated by such Contributor or Purchaser as aforesaid; /jgnjd bythe1* Order shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and after signing thereof, the same Trustees, for shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof, and of Paymemof their this Act. Annuities.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Annuities may any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her and their Execu be aligned, tors, Administrators or Assigns at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals (without any Stamp thereupon) to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any interest

therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Entry to be made Assignments shall be made in a Book, which is hereby required to be kept for that Purpose at the Charge oftiiereof the said Trustees, as aforesaid; Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities so to be pur Annuiucs char chafed under and by virtue of this Act, hall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and paid ui, cn able from time to time, upon all Moneys arising by the Rents and Profits of the Sheds, Stalls, Stands and thehi°- all other Buildings and Erections, to be setup in and upon the Ground to be set out and appointed for the icet.

Site of the said Market, and all other the Profits whatsoever, arising or accruing by or from the said Market, to the said Trustees and their Successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Lands, Tenements and Pleredi round, »taments, to be purchased by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, for the Site of the said Market

as aforesaid, and all Sheds, Stalls, Stands and other Erections, to be built or setup thereupon, and the m°rka' Rents and Profits arising from the same, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and their Sue vested in the ceflors, for ever; and that they shall stand seized thereof in Trust, for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes Trustees, far the herein after mentioned and declared, concerning the same; that is to say, the said Trustees and their Sue and Trulls ceflors, or any five or more of them, shall, out of the first Moneys to be borrowed or arising by granting hefemdcclaied' of Leases, or the Sale of Annuities, as aforesaid, or by any other Ways and Means under the Authority of this Act, pay and discharge the reasonable Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act of Parliament; and shall in the next Place pay off and discharge all Debts that shall be incurred by the Purchase of the Ground whereon the said Market hall or may be erected, and all such Charges and Expenses as shall northeast ceftarily attend the erecting and constituting the same; and the Rents, Produce and Profits arising thereby, shall be applied in paying the Annuity or Annuities to be granted to such Purchaser or Purchasers, as aforesaid, folong as any of them shall live; and all such Savings as shall from time to time be made by the Death of any such Annuitants, hall, after the Discharge of all Debts accrued for eft efting the Purposes of this Act, be appropriated in Manner herein after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to the said ruf Tolls to be paid tees, or such other Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to far Corn fa1(1 fa time, appoint to receive the same, the following Sums, by all and every Person and Persons selling any the

Sort of Coen or Grain, Seed, Malt, Meal or Flour, in the said Market; that is to say.

One Penny for every Sack of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour; and, One halfpenny for every Bushel of Seed.

The Tolls;

Which said several Sums shall, and they are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, and their they are vested in Successors; and the same, and every Part thereof, shall be paid, applied and disposed of, and assigned to and the Trustees sir for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in such Manner, as by this Act is directed; it shall 'es

and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as ' 5

they, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, hall, at a General Meeting, nominate

and appoint, to demand and take the Sums hereby granted and rfiade payable; and to levy the same upon and may be le

any Person or Persons, who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay such Sums, as vied by Distress

aforesaid, by Distress of any Goods or Chattles belonging to the Person or Persons who by this Act are and Sale

I i z made

244 C 25.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Trustees to make Regulations for the Government of the Mar ice*; and appoint Collectors, Treasurers, and aether Officers,

t'l'ii 5 ijarie?, c.

Collectors and Treasurers to account to the Trustees monthly, or timer, if required

under Pain of Commitment,

till Payment or Composition be made.

Treasurer to give Security,

made liable to the Payment of the same, and to keep such Goods and Chattles so distrained, until such Sums, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and such Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of three Days after such Distress made and taken, shall and may, sell the Goods or Chattles so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Sums, and the reasonable Charges for distraining keeping and selling the same, shall be deducted and paid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall and may, at the first or any succeeding General Meeting, by Writing under their Hands 2nd Seals, make Rules and Regulations for the Government of the said Market; and shall and may choose and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the Sums aforesaid, and hall also appoint one or more Treasurer or trea furers, and all other necessary Officers as to them hall appear proper, for the better Execution of the Powers contained in this Act, allowing to such Person or Persons so by them appointed, such Salaries or other Rewards for their Trouble, as to the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, hall appear just and reasonable; and the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered, to remove or aifplace such Treasurer or trea furers. Col etfter or Collectors, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, so by them from time to time appointed, and to place others in their Stead; and the Person or Persons so appointed to collect and receive the said Sum or Sums, and also such Treasurer or Treasurers so appointed as aforesaid, shall, before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, upon the first Monday in every month, or oftener, if thereunto required by the said Trustees as aforesaid, give in a true, exact and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all the Adonies which he or they, and every or any of them, shall to such Time have received, paid and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, by Reason of their respective Offices, and produce vouchers for the same, and shall pay over the Balance to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, hall at such Meeting direct; and in case such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, hall refuse to give in such Account, or to pay such Balance as aforesaid, as often as required by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting, such Person or Persons so refusing shall be committed to the Common Gaol of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty, upon Application made to him by any two of the said Trustees, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall make or render in, a true, exact and perfect Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, by virtue of this Act, and shall have produced and delivered up all Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have likewise paid over the Money due on such Account, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, or shall have made such Composition as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall approve; which Composition the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make and accept.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or rrore of them, are hereby authorised and required, to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his and their said Office and Offices, as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall seem

meet.

Trust es to render an Account annual y to the Justices, of their Receipts arts disbursemer.ts.

Account to t C kept amengft the Rcr irds of the seltions; and the Surplus Moneys to be paid over, for the Benefit of the \vtstminster Infirmary.

Cotn. ftc. bought by the Corn gh.ndlers in the Market, may I e soil again by them in any other paie within the City and Liberty.

Clause irv Act is Geo. 2. c. 4g.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall yearly and every Year, within six Weeks next after the twenty-fifth Day of December, make and deliver in to the Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, at the General Quarter sessions, or any Adjournment thereof assembled, a just, true and perfect Account in Writing, fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that purpose, and signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, of all and every Sum and Sums of Adoney, which they shall know to have been received or disbursed under the Authority of this at, during the preceding Year, with the Balance (if any) remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees; such Accounts shall be kept by the Clerk of the said Sections among the Records thereof, to be inspected by any Person or Persons desiring the same, upon Payment of one Shilling to the said Clerk; and if any Surplus of the said Sums shall remain in the Hands of the said Trustees, the same is hereby appropriated to, and shall be applied, yearly and every Year, by them, within twelve Months next after the delivering of such Accounts to the said Justices as aforesaid, to the Treasurer for the time being of wtjhmnjur Infirmary, for the Benefit of the said Charity.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Corn Chandler, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall buy any Corn or Grain, Seed, Malt, Meal or Flour, in the said Market, to sell the same again in any other Place or Places within the said City or Liberty of Westminster, orclfcwhere, without any Let or Disturbance from any Person or Persons whatsoever for so doing; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by an Act pafi cd in the twenty second Year of his Majesty's Reign,

7 homes.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo pfirao Georgii II.

C 25,

24 5

to be used for the Purposes png and selling Corn,

Thames, from the New Palace Yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, were empowered to make a Grant to the Trustees appointed by the said Act 1 of the twenty second Year of his Majesty's Reign, of a Piece of Ground near Common Roiu, in the said City of Westminster, which was conveniently situated for holding the said intended 1 Market, which Grant has been since made for the Purposes of the said AI: And whereas: the said Piece of Ground may be found convenient for holding the said Corn Market, in

; Common with the said Fish Market Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, If the Sdte of the Fist Market That in case the Trustees herein before appointed by this Act, or any nine or more of them, stal! ke convenient for holding

hall find the said Piece of Ground to be proper and convenient for holding the said Market for tl*.e, c?rn ^ar!iet 'n conl, nn

the Sale of Corn and Grain, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees, ap cited and his aft^are imported to put the said at of the twenty second Year of his Majesty's Reign in Execution, or powered to agree to permit such any five or more of them, to contract and agree with the Trustees for putting this AI in Exe use to be made thereof, cution, to permit and suffer the said Piece of Ground to be used as a free and open Market for all Sorts of Corn and Grain, Seed, Malt, Meal and Flour whatsoever, in common with the said Market for the Sale of Fish; the said Trustees appointed by the said at of the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are hereby authorised and empowered, in case such Agreement hall take Place, to use and apply the said Piece of Ground for the holding of a Market for all Sorts of Corn and Grain, Seed, Malt, Meal and Flour, in common with the said Market for the Sale of Fish; any Thing in the said Act of the twenty second Year of his present Majesty, or any other af contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, in case such Agreement hall take Place, that then from and im 1"tich Agreement take Place, mediately after the Execution thereof, all the Powers and Authorities vested by this Act in they owe" vein the fruf trustees herein named, hall cease and determine; and that then and from thenceforth, the cease^and are to vertin' Trustees Trustees appointed to put in Execution the said Act of the twenty second Year of his present named in the recited A; Majesty, hall be, and they are hereby declared to be, Trustees for putting this Acts in Execution, and shall be, and are hereby declared to be, invested with all and every the Powers and

Authorities in this Act contained, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been originally nominated and appointed as Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfuland; Iie Lessees of the Premisses to and for the said Trustees appointed to put the said Act of the twenty second Year of his are: o bil in?pol iere..d by them, present Majesty's Reign in Execution, or any five or more of them, in case such agreementr°u., estlc lfere hall take Place as aforesaid, to empower the Left ee or Lessees of the said Premises for the time of buyir being, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to permit or suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever, to inhabit, dwell in or occupy any Messuage, dwelling house, Shop or other Building whatsoever, which shall be erected or built, in or upon any Part of the said

Premises, for the exercising or carrying on therein, any Occupation, Trade or Business, which shall relate to the buying or selling of Corn and Grain, Seed, Malt, Meal and Flour; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Trustees may susper.d the Pay

and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, if they shall tent Tolls for 3 Vcais 3

think fit, to suffer Corn and Grain, Seed, Malt, Meal and Flour, to be sold for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Years from the opening of the said Market, without the Payment

of any Toll; and also to reduce or lefien the Toll, from time to time, as to them, or any nine and may also reduce the same,

or more of them, at a public Meeting assembled, shall appear reasonable (Notice of which Meeting shall be given in the London Gazette, one Week at least before such Meeting) anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person or Per Trustees disabled from holding fons appointed or to be appointed by this Act a Trustee or Trustees for putting the same in any Place of Prefit ur.dc f this Act. Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising out of or by reason of any Sums

by this Act laid or granted, but such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees, from the Time of his accepting, and during the Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

XXVII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Trustees, for putting this Act in Execution; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Election of new Trustees, Trustee or Trustees shall die, or by Writing under his or their Hand refuse to act, it shall and may

be lawful fortuch of the said Trustees as hall survive or remain, or any nine or more of them, at any General Meeting, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to elect, nominate and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons, in the Room or Place of such Trustee or Trustees so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; such Person or Persons so elected, nominated or appointed, hall be joined with such surviving or remaining Trustees, in the Execution of all and every the Powers in them reposed by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first Meeting of the n.

said Trustees shall be on the first tuesday in July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, at'1 ° e ru ee?*

the House known by the Name of the King's Anns Tavern in New Palace Yard, within the said

City of Westminster; and they hall have Power to adjourn their succeeding Meetings, from Power of Adjournment, time to time, and to such Places within the said City or Liberty, as they shall think fit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Limitation of Actior*

Suit or.information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what

he or they shall do in pursuance or Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within

I

C 26

246

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Public al.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757

six Months after the Offence committed; and such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue Not guilty, and upon any Issue joined, may giv this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor hall becorr nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance; if a Verdict pass again him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, for which he shall have the like Remedy, ! in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemec adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by a Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to explain, amend and enforce an Act made in the last Session of Parlic ment, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the feveri Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

30 Geo. 2. c. 25. For former prvvifi.ns concerning Militia refer to ft 5 PM. C 3. 13

14 Car. 2. f. 3. 15 Car. a. C 4.

10 & II IV 3. C 12. 1 Ann.

sat. 2. C 23. 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2

C 14. 9. Geo. I. C 8. 7 Geo.

WHEREAS several Doubts have arisen, and Difficulties have occurred, in carrying into

Execution an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain call England: And whereas it has been found, that some farther Provisions are necessary, in ord

to enforce the Execution of the said Act; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Countiet

Renewal of the former Direction Ridings or Places, wherein nothing has been done towards carrying the said Act into Executior. to Lieutenants to execute the his Majesty's Lieutenant for every such County, Riding or Place, shall immediately proceed t m.litia Aits, conforming to the put in Execution the said recited Act, and this present Act; and that his Majesty's Lieutenant;

'ihereiunrepe oed by anc ah other Persons concerned in such Execution, shall, in all Points, conform themselves t visions of this*6 new the Directions of the said former Act, so far only as they are not either amended or repealed b la Counties where they have not this present Act; and in all Counties, Ridings or Places, where some Progress has been mad proceeded so far as to be able to towards the Execution of the said former Act, but not sufficient to enable them to choose th choose by Lot out of the Lists Men by Lot out of the Lists already returned, his Majesty's Lieutenant of every such County returned, such Counties to begin Riding or Place, and all other Persons concerned as aforesaid, shall begin with and proceed i aas^devovo?^1100 ° 1'W the Execution of the said former Act, and of this present Act, in like Manner, to all Intent and Purposes, as if nothing had been hitherto done in such County, Riding or Place, toward(

b" chose by^ot out oahctifts" Execution of the said former Act; and that in all Counties, Ridings or Places where returned, the Remainder of the Militia Men have been actually chosen by Lot, or where they can now be chosen out of th' former atto beexecuted, as Lists already returned, either for the whole County, or for any Subdivision thereof, his Majei amended by this. sty's Lieutenant, and all other Persons concerned in the Execution of the said former Act, an

of this present Act, within such County, Riding or Place, shall proceed to execute the remain' ing Provisions of the said former Act (which have not been yet executed in all or any of th Subdivisions within such County, Riding or Place) as the same are amended, supplied or en., forced by the Provisions of this Act.

VAS; IE And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant of every County, Riding or Place 0 r e n all, an(j ke; s j, ereby required to appoint a proper Number of Commission Officers to trail

and discipline the Militia of his respective County, Riding or Place, before the Times appointe for holding the second Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace withi their respective Subdivisions, for choosing by Lot the Persons to serve in the Militia for fuft County, Riding or Place.

III. And whereas in the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, there.

contained a Proviso, That there shall not be more than three Commission Officers (that i i to say) one Captain, one Lieutenant and one Ensign to eighty Private Men, and foin Proportion, as near as may be, to any greater or lesser Number of Private Men, which has bee found inconvenient be it therefore enacted and declared, That the said Proviso shall be an is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it enacted, That a Person seized or possessed, either in Law or Equity, for hi

own Use Benefit' in Possession of an Estate for a certain Term originally granted so f t Deputy Lieutenants and Of twenty-one Years or more, and renewable, of an annual Value, over and above all Rents an ficcri. Charges payable.out of, or in respect of, the same, equal to the annual Value of such an Eftat

as is required by the said recited Act for the Qualification of a Deputy Lieutenant and Commission Officer of the Militia respectively, and situate as in the said recited Act required, fha be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to act and serve under such respective Commission; thing in the said recited Act, or in this Act, containe to the contrary notwithstanding.

That in thofecounties where 20 y. A, id be it enacted, That in such Counties where twenty Deputy Lieutenants cannot h so imd* w i t h 3 00 ific at i on, found, who are seized or possessed of an Estate of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, as the Lieutenant may app int ijei required by the said rcciied Act, and this Act, it may and shall be lawful for his Majesty's Lieu fans with 2 o I. Qualification, tenant of any such County, to appoint such Number of Persons to be Deputy Lieutenam as he shall think fit, who shall respectively be seized or possessed of a like Estate of the years Value of two hundred Pounds, and situate as in the said recited Act is required; provid'd th the Persons so appointed shall not make the whole Number of Deputy Lieutenants for the fai

3 Count

th

Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants in their Subdivisions.

Repeal of the Clause in the former at preferring that there shall rot be more than 3 Officers to 80 Fiivate Men, and foin Proportion.

A Leasehold Estate originally

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. 247

County to exceed the Number of twenty; and every such Person shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and Sufficiently qualified to at and serve under such respective Commission; thing in the said recited at, or this at, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Captain of every Company of Militia may and shall appoint Power to Captains to appoint two Persons to be Drummers to his Company, and may and shall appoint Corporals out of the corporals and Drummers, and Private Men of his Company, in the Proportion of one Corporal to twenty Men, and may dlfp, ac them; and, with the displace such Drummers and Corporals respectively for Misbehaviour, and appoint others in ^poin^serjeants out otth* their Room, from time to time, as he shall see Occasion; may and shall appoint, with the Militia Men to fill up Vacancies j Approbation of his Majesty's Lieutenant, Sergeants out of the Private Men of his Company, and the Colonel or Commanding to fill up such Vacancies of Sergeants as may happen therein; and every such Appointment shall Officer of the Battalion, may, be deemed an actual Discharge of the Person so appointed from serving in the Militia as a Pri upon Complaint to the Captain, vate Militia Man; and that it shall be lawful for the Colonel, or, in his Absence, for the Com remove u< erjeants' manding Officer of any Battalion of Militia, to displace, upon the Application of the Captain, any Person so appointed a Sergeant out of the Private Militia Men.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That it is and shall be lawful for any A Deputy Lieutenant and Justice Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, to act in the Execution of this Act in any and of the Peace may aft in any Sub every Subdivision within the County, Riding or Place for which he is or shall be commissioned; and that each and every such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace hath, and shall have, the same Power and Authority therein, as is by the said recited al, or by this at, given to any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, within the Subdivision to which he is or shall be particularly appointed; anything in the said recited Act, or in this AI, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, Riding or Place, a Clerk for the General meet may and shall appoint a Clerk for the General Meetings within such County, Riding or Place, ings to be appointed by the lieu and may displace such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the tenant; and Clerks for the Sub deputy Lieutenants, at their first Meeting within their respective Subdivisions, or the major dlv|f>°n Meetings to be appointed Part of them present, may and shall appoint a Clerk for their Subdivision, and may, at any byte eputy ieutenants' other Meeting within their Subdivision, displace such Clerk, if they, or the major Part of them

present, shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every County, Riding or Place, where Commissions have not in which Commissions for the Field Officers, and Captain of any one Battalion of the Militia been issued, or accepted of, the of such County, Riding or Place, have not already been given and accepted in Pursuance of the Lieutenant to advertise a Meeting said recited A, his Majesty's Lieutenant shall, within fourteen Days after the passing of this of Persons qualified and willing Act, or as soon after as may be, by an Advertisement inserted in the London Gazette, and also af as^officers in the Milm* in some one or more of the Weekly News Papers (if any such there be) published or usually ort at 0mty o: a<e' circulated within such County, Riding or Place, summon a Meeting of all Persons qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and of this Act, to serve as Officers in the

Militia of such County, Riding or Place, and willing to accept such Commissions, to be held on some certain Day within one Month after the Publication of such Advertisement; and at

some certain Place within such County, Riding or Place; in order that every Person so qualified w}iere th are to dt>1jver the; t as aforesaid, and willing to accept any such Commission, may, at such Meeting, deliver his Name and Rank they are will name in Writing, or cause it to be delivered to his Majesty's said Lieutenant, or, in case of his ling to serve in;

Absence, to such Personas shall be authorised by such Lieutenant to receive the same, specify

i g also the Rank in which he is willing to serve; that if his Majesty's said Lieutenant shall and if at such Meeting, or with not be able to find, within one Month after such Meeting, so many Persons qualified and will in one Month after, a sufficient ling to accept the Commissions of Field Officers and Captains respectively, as shall be equal to Number of Persons duly qual fia the Number of Field Officers and Captains requisite for any one Battalion of the Militia of such not be found to accept Com county, Riding or Place, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Lieu jtke publick no'^"to suspend tenant, upon Notice thereof published by him in the London Gazette, and such other Papers as all further Proceeding, aforesaid, to suspend all farther Proceedings in the Execution of the Provisions of the said recited act, and of this at, within such County, Riding or Place, until the following Year;

and that whensoever and as often as such Execution shall have been so suspended, his Majesty's till March following, when like said Lieutenant shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March next following, summon, in Summons add Notice is to be like Manner, and with like Notice, a Meeting within such County, Riding or Place, of 8iven» and ^i>rov, fions in the all Persons so qualified and willing to serve as aforesaid; and his Majesty's said Lieutenant, ior!"er and are thjn and all other Persons, shall proceed thereupon, and also in the farther Execution of the Pro to becarr, edint0 saue«c, rtmm' visions of the said recited at, and of this al, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he and they respectively ought to have done, in case a sufficient Number of Persons so qualified and willing to serve as aforesaid had been found in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

X Provided always, That no Commission shall be granted to any Person to be an Officer The Names of Persons Intended

of the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, until the Lieutenant of such County, Riding for Officers are to be certified or Place, shall have certified the Name of such Person to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to his Majesty, before commis (which such Lieutenant is required to do) and in case his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, fionib, e, gant, 'd the 'ad lf, within one Month after such Certificate laid before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, signify hfs disapprouuon of any such his or their Disapprobation of such Person to be such Officer in the said Militia, his Majesty's no Common is to be g!anted w said Lieutenant shall not grant such Commission to such Person. such Person.

248 C 26.

gar.eral Directions for carrying the former and th s Act in'o present Execution, viz A ge fieri! Meeting to be had of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Counties, see. in August, for appointing the Subdivisions of the Deputy Lieutenants, and their first Meetings therein, and also th, second General Meeting. Orders to be then iitued to the Constables, to return, on a Day appointed, to the Deputy Lieutenants,

Lists of the Inhabitants between IS and 50 Years of Age, distinguishing each Person.

Copy of the List to be affixed on the Door of the Church on the Sunday before the Return is made.

Deputy Lieutenants, affifled by the Justice, on the Day of the Pseturns, after hearing particular Grievances, are to amend the Lists; and then appoint a second Meeting.

The Lists, so amended, to be returned to the next General Meeting; when Orders are to be given for Copies of the said Lists to be made out, and returned to the Deputy Lieutenants, at their second Meetings in their Subdivisious;

and the Number of Men each Hundred, £: C is to furnish, is to be ascertained

kt the said second Meetings such Number is to be choseu by Lot, out of the said Lists.

A Meeting is then to be appointed n be held within 3 Weeks after, and Orders issued for turn rroning the Men chosen, to appear thereat;

the Men to appear accordingly, and be fuern and enrolled, to serve Lr 3 Yeats;

cr provide proper Subflitules;

v.'lin are to be sworn and f gnon the Roll thrir Cnnfent to serve for the said Term j

en Penalty of 10 1. and being liable to serve at the Lnd of 3 Vcafb.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Method for

and this Act, to be observed in the year one thousand ieven

carrying

into Execution the said recited Act, hundred and fifty eig'nt, shall he as followeth; that is to say, his Majesty's Lieutenant for each County, Riding or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants or any three or more of them, shall meet at some City or principal Town of the County, Riding or Place for which they shall be commissioned, on the third Titefday in Augii(i, and shall, at their first General Meeting, appoint Subdivisions of the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, and the Times and Places for their nrfp Meetings within the said Subdivisions respectively, and the Time and Place for a second General Meeting; and hall issue out their Orders to the Chief Constable, and where there is no Chief Constable, to foire other Officer of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, to require, by Orders under their Hands, the Constable, Tythingman, Keadborough, or other Officer of each Parish, Tything or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place, and on the Day appointed at the said first General Meeting, fair and true Lists in Writing, of all the Men nfually and at that Time dwelling within their respective Parishes, Tythings and Places, between the Ages of eighteen and fifty Years, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and which of the Persons so returned, labour under any Infirmities incapacitating them from serving as Militia Men, having first: affixed a true Copy of such List on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish, Tything or Place; and if any Place, being Extra parochial. shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereto adjoining, on the Sunday Morning before they hall make such Return; and on the Day, and at the Place, so respectively appointed as aforesaid, for the Returns of the Lists, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with ny one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, so assembled in their Subdivisions, shall after hearing any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by having his Name inserted in such Lists, or by any others being omitted) direct such Lists, to be amended, as the Case shall require, and also the Names of all Persons by this Act respectively excepted, to be struck out of the said Lists, and shall appoint the Times and Places for their second Meetings within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the second General Meeting all the Lists for the several Parishes, Tythings and Places so amended; at which said second General Meeting, his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or, in the Absence of his Majesty's said Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall order Copies to be made of all the said Lists, and such Copies to be returned to the Deputy Lieutenants at their second Meetings within their Subdivisions, wherein the Parishes, Tythings and Places for which such Lists are made and returned, are respectively situate; shall appoint what Number of Men in each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake or other Division, shall serve in the said Militia, towards raising the Number of Militia Men, by the said recited Act ordered and directed to be raised for such respective County, Riding or Place, in Proportion to the whole Number contained in such Lists; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenant, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, assembled at their said second Meetings within the said Subdivisions, ball cause the Number of Men appointed at the said second General Meeting to serve for each respective Hundred, Rape, lath, Wapentake or other Division, to be chosen by Lot out of the Lists of the several Parishes, Tythings and Places within the same; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any one or more of them, shall appoint another Meeting to be held within three Weeks in the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constable or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes or other Divisions, to direct thcconstable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of each Parish, Tythins or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Militia, to appear at such Meeting; which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Ahodc. at least seven Days before such Meeting; and every Person so chosen by Lot, shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and there take the Oath by this Act directed to be taken (which Oath any one Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorised then and there to administer) and shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such respective County, Riding or Place, as a Private Militia Man, for the Space of three Years, in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose, or shall provide a fit Person (to be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, then met) to serve as his Substitute; which Substitute (b provided, shall take the said Oath, and sign on the said Roll his Consent to serve as his Substitute, during, the said Term; and if any Person so chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia (not being one of the People called Quakers) shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath, and sign his Consent to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so refilling or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten

Pounds, and at the End of three Years be appointed to serve again.

A.D. 1757. Anno triceumo primo Georgii IX

XII. Provided always, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person who hall serve as a corn million Officer in any Regiment, Troop or Company, in his Majesty's other Forces, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Noncommission Officer or Private Man, serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, nor any Commission Officer serving in the Militia, nor any Person being a Member of either of the Universities, nor any Clergyman, nor any Teacher of any separate Congregation, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman or Seafaring Man, shall serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia.

XIII. And whereas the Members of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, are liable at all Times under certain Penalties to serve in the Royal Navy of Great Britain, when summoned for that Purpose; 'it therefore enacted, That no Person free of the said Company, shall serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all Deputy Lieutenants and Parish Officers shall be liable to serve in the Militia, and the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officers of every Parish, Tything or Place, is and are hereby required to insert the Names of such Deputy Lieutenants and Parish Officers, in the List to be returned to the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, for such Parish, Tything or Place, according to the Directions of the said recited act, and this Act; anything therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, shall every Year, within fourteen Days after their respective Meetings in their Subdivisions for administering the Oaths to, and inrolling, the Private Militia Men, transmit to his Majesty's Lieutenant true Copies of the Rolls for their respective Subdivisions; and that a General Meeting of his Majesty's Lieutenant, and the Deputy Lieutenants, or of the Deputy Lieutenants, for the forming and ordering the Militia of the respective Counties, Ridings and Places, into Regiments, and for the polling Officers to each Company, shall be held within three Weeks after the said Rolls shall have been transmitted to his Majesty's Lieutenant as aforesaid; thing in the said recited at, or this Adb, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with anyone justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Subdivisions, to add together, whensoever they shall think necessary, the Lists for two or moreparifties, Tythings or Places, and proceed upon such Lists thus added together, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, Tything or Place, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Lot, within such Subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Churchwarden or Overseer, of any Parish, Tything or Place, or of twto or more Parishes, Tythings or Places, so added together, as aforesaid, shall provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or to any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, at their Meetings within their respective Subdivisions for chusing the Militia Men, any Number of Vounteers, not being Seamen or Seafaring Men, and such Vounteers shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices so met as aforesaid, the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices within their respective Subdivisions, shall eause only such a Number of Persons to be chosen by Lot out of the List returned for such Parish, Tything or Place, or Parishes, Tythings or Places, as aforesaid, as shall be wanted, after the Acceptance of the said Vounteers, to make up the Whole Number to serve for such Parish, Tything or Place, or Parishes, Tythings or Places, as aforesaid; in case all or any such Vounteers shall not, at the next Meeting of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or of any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or of anyone Deputy Lieutenant, together w'iih any two Justices of the Peace, appear, and be sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia for such Parish, Tything or Place, or Parishes, Tythings or Places, as aforesaid, the Churchwardens and Overseers, or Churchwarden and Overseer, of such Parish, Tything or Place, or Parishes, Tythings or Places, as aforesaid, shall find one or more fit Person or Persons in the Room of such Voluntier or Voluntiers, or forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for every vo hinder not appearing as aforesaid; Penalty to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the Penalty of ten Pounds laid upon any Person for refusing or neglecting to appear, and be sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, is, by the said recited Act, and this at, directed to be recovered and applied; and the said Churchwarden and Overseer, and Churchwardens and Overseers, shall be reimbursed the said Penalty out of the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor within such Parish, Tything or Place, or Parishes, Tythings or Places, as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person wffio shall he chosen by Lotto serve in the Militia, or the Person provided to serve as a Substitute, instead of taking the Oaths, and making, repeating and subscribing the Declaration, in the said recited at mentioned, shall, at the Time and Place appointed by the said recited at for taking the said Oaths, and making, repeating and subscribing the said Declaration, take the Oath following; that is to say,

C 26. 249

Specification of Person? exempted from serving in the Militia.

Person? that are free of the Watermens Company not fable to serve.

Deputy Lieutenants and Parish Officers to be returned in the Lists, and liable to ftive.

Deputy Lieutenants ate annually to uansmit to the Lieutenant true Copies of the Roll for their respective Subdivisions; and a General Meeting for forming and ordering the Militia, to be held within 3 Weeks after.

The Lists of two or more parishes may be oniicd, 2nd proceeded on, as if they had been returned for one Pared:

Parishes may offer, and Deputy Lieutenants accept Vounteers; in which Case, so many Men only as shall then be wanting of the Quota of such Parish are to be chosen by Lot out of the Lists.

If such Vounteers shall W appear at the next Meeting, and serve;

Churchwardens are to find other Persons to serve in their Stead, or forfeit 10 1. a Man.

Application of the Penalty.

Churchwardens to be reimbursed the same out of the Poors Rate.

The following Oath to be talc vn instead of the Oaths and Declaration appointed to be made anti subscribed by the former Adb.

<1

Jl. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will he faithful, and bear true Allegiance to The Oath his Majesty King George, his Heirs and Successors; and I do swear, that I am a Pro vol. VIII K k ' testant.

ro C 26.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

to fce adm niflcred t) the Deputy Lieutenant.

Penalty of refusing to take the f me.

Discharges may be granted, and Vacancies filled up, at any Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants in their Subdivisions.

A Vacancy upon the Death of a Substitute; or his entering into the King's Service; or upon his Promotion in the Militia; or upon his Discharge for just c3 u fc; to be filled up by Lot.

txfiant, and that will faithfully serve in the Militia within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

Which Oath any one Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorised to administer: in case any such Person shall refuse or negleifl to take the said last mentioned Oath, he shall be subject and liable to the same Penalties as are infli£led in and by the said recited al, for refusing to take the Oaths, and to make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned; to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the said Penalties are therein directed to be recovered and applied.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, at any of their Meetings within their respective Subdivisions, as well as at their annual Meetings in the Week before Michaelmas Day, to discharge Persons from serving in the Militia, and also to fill up all Vacancies, according to the Directions of the said recited a.dt, and this Act.

XX. Provided always, That when any Substitute shall, after having been approved of by any three Deputy Lieutenants, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, and before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or enter into any of his Majesty's Land or Sea Forces, or be appointed a Sergeant in the Militia, or be discharged for any other just Cause, the Person for whom he served as Substitute shall not be obliged to serve himself, or to find another Substitute; but such Vacancy shall be filled up in like Manner as is directed by the said recited al, and by this Act, in case of Vacancies occasioned by the Death or Discharge of Persons serving for themselves.

XXI. And whereas it is found by the Returns of the Numbers of Persons contained in the Lists for the Parishes, Tythings and Places within the several Counties, Ridings and Pla ces in that Part of Great Britain called England, out of which Lifts the Private Militia Men are by the said recited Act passed in the aft Session of Parliament dire died to be raised, that the Numbers of Private Militia Men so directed to be raised in the said several Counties, Ridings and Places, do not bear so just a Proportion to each other, in making up the Whole Number of Private Militia Men, by the said Act directed to be raised, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, as in Justice they ought; ' Be it enacted, That after all the said Lists shall have been returned to, and amended by the respective Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, and transmitted to his Majesty's Privy Council, as they are by the said recited Act, and by this Act, directed to be, it shall be lawful for the said Council, and they are hereby required to six and settle, as near as may be, the Number of Private Militia Men, who shall for the future serve for each County, Riding or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, by the Proportion which the Number returned in all the Lists for the Parishes, Tythings and Places therein, bears to the Whole Number of Private Militia Men by the said recited Act directed to be raised, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid; forthwith to transmit Accounts of the Numbers so fixed and settled to all his Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties, Ridings and Places, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid respectively: where the Number of Private Militia Men so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be respectively greater than the Number of Private Militia Men who shall have been, by virtue of the said recited Act, appointed to serve for any County, Riding or Place, then, and in such Case, his Majesty's Lieutenants, together, with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or, in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three a Gcrer.: ! Meeting is lo beheld, or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall, at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, appoint

what Number of Private Militia Men shall serve for each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, within the County, Riding or Place to which they belong; and the additional Number of Private Militia Aden to make up the Whole Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be chosen by Lot, in the same Manner as all other Private Militia. Men are by this Act directed to be chosen; all the additional Men so chosen, or their substitutes (to be appointed as Substitutes are required to be by this Act) ilia!i take the Oath, by this Act required to be taken, and shall respectively be enrolled, or sign their Consent to serve in the Militia in the same Manner as is directed, and shall be subject, in case of Refusal, to the same Penalties as are in like Cases inflicted by this Act: And where the Number of Private Militia Men so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be respectively less than the Number of Private Militia Men who shall have been, by virtue of the said recited Act, appointed to serve for any County, Riding or Place, thcoi and in such Case, his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or, in the Absence of his said majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall, at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, discharge by Lot proportionally out of each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, so many private Militia Aden as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as. aforesaid.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in case it shall at any Time appear to his Majesty's Lieutenant, and any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, to any three or more Deputy Lieutenants of anycounty, Riding or Place, at their General Meeting, that the distituition by them made of the whole Number of Adilitia Aden, charged upon such County, Riding or Place, among the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, was either unequally and erroncoufiy made, or, from any subsequent

Altera

The Privy Council, upon receiving the corrciflel Lists ordered to be transmitted to them, are to settle the Qjota of Men to serve ior each County, according to ft e Proportion the Returns for ach County bear to the While Number to be raised throughout the Kingdom;

and are forthwith to transmit Accounts of the Numbers so settled, to the icfiedlive lieu t. nan s; and if the Number shall be greater than was required by the termer AO,

anj the additional Men are to be then chosen by Lot;

ami iflrfs, a. proportional num ber is to be discharged by Lot.

Where the Number to be raised in ..ny County, shall be unequally or ctrorcoufiy apportioned a nongst ihe Hundreds < r divi f.om thereof; the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants ate to

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

Alteration of Circumstances, is become unequal and disproportionable, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Lieutenant, and any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or on the Death' or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, for any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to make a new and more equal Distribution of such Number as aforesaid, among the said several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, according to the Method prescribed by this al for making the original Distribution for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and to cause such additional Number of Men to be chosen by Lot, or such Number to be discharged out of those before chosen, for each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, as shall become necessary in Consequence of such new Distribution, in like Manner as is by this AI prescribed to be done, where the same shall become necessary in Consequence of the Accounts transmitted from his Majesty's Privy Council.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall, by Gratuity, Gift or Reward, or by Promise thereof, or of any Indemnification, or by Menaces, endeavour to prevail on any Chief Constable, or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, of any Parish, Tything or Place, to make a false Return of any List for any Parish, Tything or Place, or to erale or leave out of any such List, the Name of any such Personas ought to be returned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at ifejlrninster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; all which Penalty shall go to the uf'e of the Person who shall sue for the same.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, 7 hat no Private Man serving in the Militia, either for himself, or as a Substitute, shall, during the lime of such Service, be liable to do any Highway Duty commonly called Statute jvork: or be appointed to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer; nor shall such Private Militia Man be liable to serve in any of his Majesty's Land or Sea Forces, unless he shall consent thereto; and that every Person having served as a Substitute in the Militia, when ordered out into actual Service, and being a married Man, shall have the like Privilege in respect to setting up and exercising any Trade, as by the said recited act is given to those who shall have personally served in the Adilitia in the like Circumstances.

XXV. Provided also, r hat every such Private Militia Man, who shall have^served in the Militia for the Space of three Years, shall be entitled to, and shall keep and retain to his own Use, the Clothes provided for him as a Private Militia Man.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Private Alan serving in the said Militia shall, on the Alarch, or at the Place where he shall be called out to annual Exercise, be disabled by sick ness, it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of the County, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town or Place, where such Man shall then be, to order him such Relief as he shall think reasonable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal; and the Officers of the Parish, Tything or Place, for which such Man shall serve as a Adilitia Man, shall rcim burse the same to the Officers of the Parish where such Militia Man shall then receive such Relief, which shall be allowed in their Accounts, upon producing the above Order: Provided that such Allowance shall not entitle such Person to any Settlement in the said Parish or Place where he shall receive such Relief.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or Place, shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Captain, or other Commanding Officer of each Company of Adilitia so ordered out for such County, Riding or Place, one Guinea for each Private Adilitia Man belonging to his Company, to be paid over by such Captain, or other Officer, to every such Private Adilitia Alan, on or before the Day appointed for Marching; and such Receiver or Receivers General shall be allowed the same in his or their Accounts.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, 'that when any Militia Man shall be ordered out into actual Service, leaving a Family not of Ability to support themselves during his Absence, the Overseer oroverseers of the Parish where such Family shall reside, shall, and they are hereby required to allow to such Family such Weekly Allowance for their Support, until the Return of such Militia Adan, as shall be ordered by any one Justice of the Peace; such Allowance to be reimbursed out of the County Stock by the Treasurer of the County; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Adoney arising by Forfeitures paid by or levied upon Persons refusing to serve in the Adilitia personally, or by Substitute, shall be applied in the first Place, by any three Deputy Lieutenants, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peac.^, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any. two justi ces of the Peace, within their respective Subdivisions, in providing a Substitute for the Person who shall have paid such Penalty; and if any Part of such Penalty shall remain after such Substitute shall be provided, the same shall be paid into, and be applied as Part of, the Regimental Stock; anything in the said recited Act, or this AL to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, it is enacted, That the Militia of every County, Riding or Place, 'shall be trained and exercised in Half Companies, on the first Monday in the A'lonths of March, Jpril, May, June, July, C Jluguft, September and Odtcber, and in Companies, on the third Monday in the said Months: C And whereas the Training and Exercising of the Whole Militia for any County, Riding or Place, in Half Companies, or Companies, in the Week, on the same Day, will render it im

Kk 3 ' possible

C r

20.

make .1 new and more equal Distribution;

raise, and discharge Men conformable thereto.

Persons tampering with the Constables to make falle Returns, or to erase the Name of any Person out of the Lills, forfeit 50 1.

Militia Men exempted from statute work; and from serving any Parish Office; and from being pressed into the King's Service; and Substitutes, having been in actual seiv'.ce, are equally in titled, with Pei Tonnes serving fer themselves, to setup any Trade.

Militia Men to retain their Regimentals at the End of 3 Years Service.

Militia Man falling sick on a March, or at the Place of annual Exercise, is to be provided for by an Order from the ma gistrate, or Justice of the Peace; and the Expense thereof to be reimbursed by his proper Parish.

Every Militia Man to receive one Guinea upon being ordered out into actual Service,

Weekly Allowance to be made to the difiiefted Families of Militia Men in nclual Service;

which is to be reimbursed out of the County Stock.

Fines for not serving, to be applied in providing Substitutes ir. such Persons Room.

Surplus to go into the Regimental Stock.

252 C 26.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

the Months above recited.

The Lieutenants may change the Exercise from two Days in a Harvest Month, to the Tuesday and Wednesday in Easter Week.

The Time the Militia Men may be kept to Exetcife.

Militia Men where they at a certain

to

be furnished are quartered Rate, viz.

Subalterns at I s.

and Private Men at 4 3. per Diem.

When the Pay, Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements may be issued.

1 possible for the Adjutant of any Regiment or Battalion to attend such Half Companies, or The Exercise in Half and whole Companies, so often as the Necessity of the Service may require; ' Be it enacted, That it shall Companies net confined to Men be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, together with any two day, and the Day left open to be or more Deputy Lieutenants, or, in the Absence of the Lieutenant, for any three or more de appumed as shall be found bell puty Lieutenants, to change the Day of Training and Exercising any Half Company, or com or 1 te Series; panics of Militia, from Monday to any other Day of the Week Sunday excepted) as shall ap

foss the Men be exercised in pear to them to be belt for the Good of the Service, so that the Whole Militia for his or their Half Companies the first Week, respective County, Riding or Place, be trained and exercised in Half Companies, within the and m Whole the third Week, in fftft Week, and in Whole Companies, within the third Week, in each of the Months afore

f no ivt nnf h C shnro rontc/1 _..

laid; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenants, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered to dispense with the Training and Exercising of the Militia within their respective Counties, Ridings or Phces, in any one Month in the Time of Harvest, and to order and direct that the Paid Militia shall be trained and exercised instead thereof on the Tuesday and wednesday in Easter Week; anything in the said recited Actor this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful for the Officers of the Militia, or, in the Absence of an Officer, for a non commission Officer, to detain the Militia Men, on the Days of Exercise, any Time not exceeding six Hours, provided they do not keep them above two Hours under Arms at any one Time, without allowing them a proper Time to refresh themselves.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Private Men serving in the Militia quartered and billeted according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Alehouses, victualling houses, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned; that is to say, For one Commission Officer under the Degree of a Captain, for Diet and Small Beer per Diem, one Shilling j and for one Private man's Diet and Small Beer per Diem, fourpence.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Pay, Arms, Accoutrements and Clothing, maybeiltued, and that an Adjutant and Sergeants may be appointed, for any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of any County, Riding or Place, when it shall appear, by a Return sinned by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Absence by three Deputy Lieutenants, that three Fifths of the Militia Men of any such Regiment or Battalion have been enrolled; and that three Fifths of the Commission Officers have been appointed; and that they have taken out their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with anyone Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Subdivisions, from time to time, to issue out their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, commanding the Attendance of the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, of any Parish, Tything or Place, within their several Subdivisions, at such Times and Phces as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed \ such Constable, Tythingman, head borough, or other Officer, who shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, shall suffer all the like Pains and Penalties as are inffidted by the said recited Act upon such Officers, for not complying with any Orders given in pursuance of the said recited Act;

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That whensoever the Militia shall be ordered out into actual Service, it shall and may be lawful for the Captain of any Company of Militia Men to augment his Company, by incorporating, with the Consent of his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, with the Consent of two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, any Number of Persons who shall offer themselves as Voluntiers, and who shall appear to him to be Efficiently trained and disciplined, and provided with proper Clothes, Arms and Accoutrements, and who shall take the Oath appointed to be taken by this Act, and sign their Consent to serve in the Militia for the Time of such actual Service, and to submit to the same Rules and Articles of War as Militia Men are by the said recited Act, and this Act, liable to, during the Time of their continuing in actual Service.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commission Officer of the mili justirc of the Peace, may, rpon tia, being a Justice of the Peace, and acting as such, upon his own View of any Offence com hui.wn View, puniili a m.lma initted by any non commission Officer or Private Militia Man under his Command, punishable by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to punish such non commission Officer or Private Militia Man respectively, in the same Manner as any one Justice of the Peace is empowered to do, upon Proof thereof made according to the Directions of the said recited Act.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace, within the Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Wtjhnorlaml, ami Rutland, and within all the several Counties and Places within the said Dominion of ivales respectively, hall have and exercise all and every the Powers conferred by the said recital Act, and this act, on any three Deputy Lieutenants, or on any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one

3 Justicj

Attendance of conitabl s enforced by like Penalties, as are infilled by the recited Ail for noncompliance with Orders.

Power to the Captain, when the Militia is called into afluil southeast rice, to augment his Company with Voluntiers, with the con seal of the Lieutenant,

A Commission Officer being a

Man guilty of any Offence pu nifiumt by the recited Act.

Prifnn': required for the Execution of this Act in Cumberland, Huntingdon, C!

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

Justice of the Peace, or on any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any two Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England; any

\ thing therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, it is enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised for the Tower Division in the County of Middlesex, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, shall be one thousand one hundred and sixty Be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Number of Private Militia Men to be raised within and for the said Division or Hamlets, or to the levying, training and exercising the Militia of the said Division or Hamlets, or to the Appointment of Officers, or levying Trophy Money, within the same, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whereas the Militia of the Tower Division in the County of Middlesex, commonly known by the Name of the tower Hamlets, is, and always has been, under the Command of his Majesty's Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hatnlets, for the Service and Preservation of that Royal Fort; it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Constable or Lieutenant, for the time being, from time to time, to appoint his Deputy Lieutenants, and to give Commissions to a proper Number of Officers to train and discipline the Militia to be raised within and for the said Division or Hamlets, pursuant to an Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Ordering the Forces of the several Counties of this Kingdom; and to form the same into two Regiments of eight Companies each, in such Manner as the said Constable or Lieutenant hath used to do; and also for defraying the necessary Charge of Trophies, and other incident Expenses of the Militia of the same Division or Plamlets, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Constable or Lieutenant, to continue to raise in every Year the Proportion of a fourth Part of one month's Assessment of Trophy Money, within the said Division or Hamlets, in such Manner as he hath used to do, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act of the thirteenth and four teeth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's said Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall appoint a Treasurer of the said Trophy Money, for receiving and paying such Moneys as shall be levied by virtue of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second; which said Treasurer shall yearly account in Writing, and upon Oath, for the same, to the said Lieutenant, or his Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them; which Oath they shall have Power to administer; which Accounts for the same shall be certified to the Justices of the Peace for the said Division at their next General or Quarter Sessions; that the said Constable, or Lieutenant, shall not issue out Warrants for raising any Trophy Money, until the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them at such Sessions, shall have examined, stated and allowed the Accounts of the Trophy Money raised, levied and collected, for the preceding Year, Mid certified the same under the Hands and Seals of four or more of such Justices, unless in case where it shall appear to such Justices, that by reason of the Death of such Treasurer, or otherwise, such Accounts cannot be passed.

XLII. And whereas from the Peculiarity of the Jurisdiction of the Town of Berwick upon Tivccd, the said recited Act could not be carried into Execution in that Place without a parti cular Provision Bd it therefore enacted, That all the Powers given, and Provisions made, by the said recited Act, and this Act, with respect to the County of Northumberland, and the Militia thereof, shall, in like Manner, take Place, and be in Force, with respect to the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except only as to the Particulars herein expressed, and otherwise provided for; and that out of the Persons returned in the Lists for the said Town, a Number of Private Militia Men shall be chosen by Lot to serve for the said Town, in the same Proportion with the Private Militia Men appointed to serve for the other respective Hundreds, Wards and other Divisions, within the said County of Northumberland; and if Persons can be found within the said Town and Liberties thereof, with such Qualifications as are required for Deputy Lieutenants and Officers within Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, the Chief ma gistrate of the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint five Deputy Lieutenants, and such Number of Officers of the Militia as shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which the said Town shall raise, as their Sftiota towards the Militia of the County of Northumberland; and the said Lieutenants and Officers are hereby required to put the Powers conferred by the said recited Act, and this Act, for raising and training the Militia, into Execution, within the said Town and Liberties, subject to such Penalties as are inflicted upon Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia for acting, not being duly qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and this Act; and that the said Militia shall annually join the Militia of the County of Northumberland, and be exercised together at the General annual Exercise in whitsun Week, and shall then, and also in Time of actual Service, be deemed the Militia of the County of Northumberland for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLIII. And whereas the separaiing the Militia of the Isle of Purbeck front the Militia of the County of Dorset, is attended with many Inconveniences; 'bc.it enacted, That the Clause in the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament relative to the Militia of the Isle of Purbeck aforesaid, be and is hereby repealed; and that all the Powers given, and Provisions made by any Part of the said recited Act unrepealed, and by this Act, with respect to the said County of Dorset, and the Militia thereof, shall take Place and be in Force with respect to the said Isle; and that out of the Persons to be returned in the Lists for the several Parishes, Tythings and

Places,

C 26. 253

Clause in the recited Aff re speshing the Number and Training of the Miliia of the Tower Hamlets, repealed.

Lieutenant of the Tower im- powered to appoint Deputy Lieutenants, and grant Commissions, and regiment the Militia of the said Hamlets, as the Act of 13 & 14 Car. a. C 3. directs;

and raise Trophy Money for defraying incident Charges;

and appoint a Treasurer of the said Moneys,

who is to account yearly upon Oath.

The said Accounts to be certified to the Justices at their Sessions; no Warrant to be issued for raising Trophy Money, till the preceding year's Accounts ars settled.

Provisions, &c. in the recited Act with respect to Com' Northumberland, extended to Berwick upon Tweed;

and the Number of Men to be chosen by Lot to serve for the said Town, to be in Proportion to the Number appointed for the other ejundreds, c. within the said County.

Chief Magistrate to appoint 5 Deputy Lieutenants, if so many shall be found qualified, and a Number of Officers in Proportion to the Qucta of the Men,

Men to join the Militia of the County at their General annual Exercise.

Clause in the recited Acb relative to the Militia in the Jfieof Purbeck repealed

and the Militia thereof for the future to be chofin, cas is provided

with respect to the other P'lrrlrers, c. in ihe County of Dorset.

Nothing in this Act shall make void what has been done in pursuance of the former Act.

Limitation of Actions.

Generra! lime.

[Treble Costs.]

Continuance of the Act.

Set farther, 32 Geo. 2. c. 20, 3t Get. 2. C 2, 22 24.

Find 2 Geo. 3. C ic.

Places, within the said Ifie, a Number of private Militia Men shall be chosen by Lot to serve for the respeddive Hundreds, Liberties, and other Divisions, within the said Isle, in the same Proportion with the private Militia Men appointed to serve for the other respective Hundreds, Liberties, and other Divisions, within the said County of dorj'et, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool; and that the Number remaining out of the eighty private Men, by the said Clause in the said recited Act directed to be raised for and in the said Idle, shall be apportioned as equally as may be amongst all the Hundreds, Liberties, and other Divisions, within the said County of Dorset, with the said Town and County of the Town of Pool.

XLIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall in any wise extend to annul, or make void, anything already done in pursuance of the said recited Act, within any such County, Ridingor Place, or any such Subdivifon where the Militia Men have been, or now can be, chosen out of the Lists already returned; or to oblige his Majesty's Lieutenant, or any other Person concerned in the Execution of the said recited Act, and of this Act:, within such County, Riding, Place or Subdivifon, to put in Execution any of the Provisons contained in this Act, except only such as relate to Matters subsequent, in Order of Time, to those Provisons of the said recited Act, which they have already put in Execution, within such County, Riding, Place or Subdivifon; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of the said recited Act, or this Act, such Addion or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be commenced within six calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County or Place where such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, did arise, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such a.ddion or Addions, Suit or Suits, to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if such Addion or Auctions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought after the Time for bringing the same; or if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have, in other Cases, to recover Costs by Law.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force, for and during the Continuance of the said recited Act, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, to restrain the making Insurances on Foreign Ships bound to or from the East hides.

Preamble, reciting certain Clauses in Act 2 5 Geo. a. C 26 Fur former Latvs concerning iifu ranee refer to 4] El. C 12. 13

(Sj 14 Car. 2. C 23. 6 Geo. 1.

C 18.7 Geo. I. C 27. 8 G 0. I.

C 15. 11 Gto 1.030 uj Geo.

a. C 37. 21 G: o. 2. c. 4.

The recited Act repealed.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma 4 V / jesty, intituled, An Act to rejirain the making Insurances on Foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies; all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Subjects of his Majesty in Great Britain or Ireland, or elsewhere; and all other Persons whatsoever ref ding within Great Britain or Ireland, are ref rained and prohibited from granting, signing or underwriting any Policy or Policies of Affurauce, or lending any Money on Bottomree or Respondentia, of or upon any Foreign Ships trading or failing to or from the Rajl Indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within the Limits of Trade granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the east Indies, or to or from any Ports or Places within the said. Limits Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act (laall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, be repealed; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the permitting the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork and Butter, into this Kingdom from Ireland, for a limited Time, may, at this Time, be of great Advan* imt rr' vionof sa'.tod p.ccr, p0rk 4 tage to botii Kingdoms; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and Rjucr allowed lor 6 Months j and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the (ime, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Importation of all Sorts of Salted Beef, Pork and Butler into this Kin «dotn from Ireland, shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed and authorised, for and duiitig the Term of six Months from thence next

D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. 255

ensuing; and that all Persons shall be and are hereby exempted, freed and discharged from the without being subj.fttoany Payment of all Subsidies, Customs, Rates, Duties or other Impofkions, and also from all Pe Penalties or Forfeitures rial tics, Forfeitures, Payments and Punishments for or upon account of importing or bringing

I Salted Beef, Pork and Butter into this Kingdom from Ireland, during the Term atorefnid, other than such as herein after are mentioned in respect thereof; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and to the Intent that the Revenue arising from Salt may not be prejudiced by such Importation of Salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland; Be it enacted, That other Duties, on the Landing after the Paid twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, during plia? 1 s: 33 f*perc*

the Continuance of this Act, there shall be paid to such Officer as the Commissioners for the Jr et or ur<'

Duties on Salt for the time being shall appoint, at the Port in England into which any such Salted Beef, Pork or Butter, shall, in pursuance of this Act, be imported from Ireland, and befo.'e any Part thereof shall be delivered out to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong or be consigned, the Sum of one Shilling and threepence for every hundred Weight of

all such Salted Beef or Pork; and the Sum of fourpence for every hundred Weight of all such and 4d. per C Wt. for Butter.;. Salted Butter; and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity than an hundred Weight of any such Salted Beef, Pork or Butter, as or for Custom or for Duty, on or in respect thereof; the Money so arising by the Importation of the said Salted Beef, rork or Butter, to be paid the same to be p..jd info the Ex into his Majesty's Exchequer as Part of the Duties on Salt laid on by an Act in the fifth Year ^equer, as Part of the Dunes on of his present Majesty's Reign, and continued by several subsequent Acts. salr laid b>'the Attot 5 Geo. a.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after ]fany shall be landed before Duty the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, during the paid, the importer, besides the Continuance of this Act, land any such Salted Beef, Pork or Butter into this Kingdom from Forfeiture of the said Commo Ireland, before Payment of the Duty or Duties by this Act specified and directed, the same^tlcs ls to forfeitalfo 20 s per shall be forfeited and lost, and twenty Shillings per Barrel for every Barrel thereof; and foin 'arre '

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; and that all such Forfeitures and Penalties shall be distributed in Manner following;

that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety One Moiety thereof to; heking, 'thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seize, sue or inform for the same; to be recovered the other to the informer, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for No Bounty to be allowed on the any such Salted Beef or Pork, so imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, and which shall be exporting thueof from hence, exported from hence elsewhere.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give General Iffhe, this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared;

rif Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Treble Costs. same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law. cont'.r.uej by Geo z, C u.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the due Making of Bread; and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof' and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the one and fiftieth Year of the Reign of ex/hi aed and amended by; Geo.

King Henry the Third, entitled, assija Panh & Cervifice, Provision was made, amongst C C {? r.

other Things, for settling the Assize of Bread: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made pr^ldc> rtc!this Act 51 Hem.

in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann, intituled, An Act to regulate '& ', 9

the Price and assize of Bread, so much of the said Act (entitled, Afifa Panh & Cervijta) as related to the Assize of Bread, was repealed, annulled, and made void; and the said Act made in the said eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Ann, was only made to continue in Force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, but by some subsequent Acts of Parliament, the said in Part recited Act made in the said eighth Year of her said Majesty Queen Ann, with several Alterations and Amendments there 4 to, hath been continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and?

fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient to reduce into one Act the several Laws now in Force relating to the due Ma 4 king, and to the Price and Assize of Bread, and to make some Alterations in, and Amend —

ments to the same.; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's mofqexcellent Majesty, by and; with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the the recited of '8 Anne - said eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Ann, and all Alterations and otherafts subsequent, and relating amendments made by any Acts of Parliament subsequent thereto, for continuing, explaining or th('rer°i continued to.29 scp£* amending the same, is and are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the i7'8'

twenty, -

from wh cli Time so much of the Act of 51 Hen. 3. asrslates to the Assize of Bread;

and Act 8 Anne, and other Acts continuing or amending the lame, tft; repealed.

General Ordinance for setting an Aiiize and Price of bead,

Affze to be legulated by the Price the Grain, Meal or Flour bears in the Market, and the Front to be allowed to the Baker,

Where an altize shall be set, no Sort ot Bread (Wheaten and Household excepted) other than what is thereby allowed, is to be made for Sale j

under Penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 40s. nor lei's than aos.

altize and Price of Bread to be set according to the two following Tables, narked N I. and MMJ.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and that from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, so much of the said Statute (entitled. ajpfo Pemis is Cervifue) as relates to the Affile of Bread, and which would otherwise he revived, when the said recited Act made in the said eighth Year of her said late Majesty Queen Ann, shall expire; and also the said Act of Parliament made in the said eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Ann, and all the Alterations and Amendments made by any Acts of Parliament subsequent thereto, for continuing, explaining or amending the same, mail be and are hereby repealed, annulled and made void.

II. And, to the Intent that from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, a plain and constant Rule and Method may be duly observed and kept in the making and affizing of the several Sorts of Bread which shall be made for Sale in any Place or Places where an Assize of Bread shall at any Time be thought proper to be set in pursuance of this Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, it shall be lawful for the Court, or Person or Persons herein after authorised by this Act to set the Assize of Bread, to set, ascertain and appoint, in any Place or Places within their respective Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread, which shall, in any such Place or Places, be made for Sale, or exposed to Sale, and the Price to be paid for the same respectively, when, and as often, from time to time, as any such Court, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall think proper; and that in every Assize of Bread which shall be set in pursuance of this Act, Respect shall, from time to time, be had by the Court, Person or Persons as aforesaid, who shall set the same, to the Price which the Grain, Meal or Flour, whereof such Bread shall be made, shall bear in the public Market or Markets, in or near the Place or Places for which any such Assize shall be so at any Time set; and making, from time to time, reasonable Allowance to the Makers of Bread for Sale, where any such Assize shall be so set, for their Charges, Labour, Pains, Livelihood and Profit, as such Court, or Person or Persons as aforesaid respectively, who shall at any Time think fit to set any such Assize, shall, from time to time, deem proper.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, where an Assize of Bread shall at any Time be thought proper to be set for any Place or Places by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall there make for Sale, or sell, or expose to or for Sale, any Sort of Bread, except Wheaten and Household, otherwise Brown Bread, and such other Sort or Sorts of Bread, as in such Place or Places shall be publicly allowed to be made or sold by the Court, or Person or Persons, who by this Act are authorised to set an Assize of Bread for any such Place or Places; but where it hath been usual to make Bread with the Meal or Flour of Rye, Barley, Oats, Beans or Peas, or with the Meal or Flour of any such different Sorts of Grain mixed together, or the Court or Person or Persons empowered to set an Assize of Bread by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time think fit to order or allow in any Place or Places within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, Bread to be made with Rye, Barley, Oats, Beans or Peas, or with the Flour or Meal thereof, or with the Meal or Flour of any such different Sorts of Grain mixed together, such Bread flin.ll and may be there made and sold; and if any Person shall offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, every one so offending shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order.

IV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Place and Places for which an Assize of Bread shall at any Time he thought proper to be set by virtue of this Act, the Assize and Weight of the several Sorts of Bread which shall be there made for Sale, or sold, or exposed to or for Sale, and the Price to be paid for the same respectively, shall be set and ascertained according to the Tables, hereafter following, marked N J. and II

N I. A TABLE

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29.

N I.

A TABLE of the Assize and Price of Bread made of Wheat,

IN TWO PARTS.

t

Part the First, or, the Assize Table,

Contains, in Column Nq I. the Price of the Bushel of Wheat Winchester Measure, from is. gd. to 14s. 6 d. the Bushel, the Allowance of the Magistrates or Justices to the Baker, for Baking, being included; and in Column NQ II are the Weights of the several Loaves: So that (for Example) if the Price of Wheat in the Market is 5 s. the Bushel, and the Magistrates allow is. 6d. the Bushel to the Baker for Baking, find 6 s. 6 d. in Column N I. and even therewith, under N II will be found the Weights of the several Loaves; but if the Price in the Market is 3 and the Allowance is. then the Weight of the said Loaves will be found even with 4s.

Note, That the Wheaten Loaves are three fourths of the Weight of the house hold Loaves; and if the Magistrates or Justices shall think fit to allow of any White Loaves of the Price of One Penny or Twopence, they are to weigh at all Times three fourths of the Weight of the Wheaten Loaves of the same Price.

Part the Second, or, the Price Table,

Contains, in Column N II the Price of the Bushel of Wheat Winchester Measure, from is.9d. to 14j. 6d. the Bushel, the Allowance of the Magistrates or Justices to the Baker, for Baking, being included; and in Column N I. are the Prices of the Peck, Half Peck and Quartern, Wheaten and Household Loaves: So that ffor Example) if the Price of Wheat in the Market is 5 s. the Bushel, and the Magistrates allow 1 s. 6 d. to the Baker for Baking, find 6 s. 6 d. in N II and even therewith, under N I. will be found the Prices of the several Loaves; but if the Price in the Market is 3 s. the Bufnel, and the Allowance 1 s. then the Prices of the said Loaves will be found even with 4 s.

Note, That the Prices of the Household Loaves are always three fourths of the Prices of the Wheaten Loaves; and where it shall be thought proper to allow of Half Quartern Loaves, the Prices of such Loaves (if sold singly) are to be Half a Farthing higher than is allowed by this Table, when it shall so happen that the Farthing is split.

And Magistrates and Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, being to set the Assize and fix the Price of the several Loaves of Bread, having Respect to the Price which the Grain, Meal or Flour, of which the same are made, shall bear in the Market; but no Provision being made how they should know what Price the respective Sorts of Meal and Flour should be esteemed to bear, in Proportion to the Price of Wheat, they are therefore to take Notice, That the Peck Loaf of each Sort of Bread is to weigh, when well baken, 17 lb. 6 Ounces Averdupois, and the rest in Proportion Tand that every Sack of Meal or Flour is to weigh 2 Cwt. 2 qrs. net; and that from every Sack of Meal or Flour there ought to be produced, on the Average, 20 such Peck Loaves of Bread; and, by observing the said Rule, Magistrates and Justices may at all Times know if the Baker hath more cr less than the Allowance they intend to give him.

V rtt ITT

1 1

I

Tot

258 C 29.

Anno trice.fi tno primo Georgii II. A.D. 17S7,

n°l.| N ° 1 l1

Part, the F irft; or, the Assize J able.

sa i a = 3^r. Small Assize Bread. -1*Large Assize Bread. \ V

"2. w _ xx. 0* i The Penny Loaf. The F vvopennyloaf, 1'jse Sixpenny Loaf. Tively penny Loaf. Eighteenpenny Loaf

'rr p r. V h eaten Household Whea: eh Hcuiboki Wheaton Houthplc Wheaten, Houlholc f. It.' C wheater Houfholc.

s. d. OZ. dr. oz. dr. boz. d r. lb. o. of ib» oz. dr. oz. dr, cz. dr; lb. 0?. dr lb. oz. dr 1 lb ./ dr.

2 C 2 2 4 29 4 2 1 2 8 3 10 8 8 5 8 IO S 16 11 C 21 15 2; 3 0 8 8 11 32 11

5 3 C 3 20 is 4927 2? L 4 n z 8 5 8 8: > .> 6 7 29-7 / 6 -9*5 8 4 IO9"J 7 ft 11 '5 13' n 0 1.4 C 7 20 18 4 15 1 2 5 22 20 1 2 13 3° 28 7 7 0

6 !7 6 23 3'z 2 i < 2 14 \: 6 8 4 8 11 C. 3 0 5 17 6 1 >9 8' 13 26 1. J V 1

J 2 C 10 6 21 b 2 0 1) 1 o' 12 6 "z 2 8 0 5 12. 4 4 16'. 0 11 18 6 7 24 1 d

J 4 J C ls. 4 20 4 1 >4 8 1 8 .8 5 11 S 7.98 11 7 0 15 3- 0 17 2 8 22 12 8

4' 4 4 9 1 1 I 2 8 2 6 2 5 5: 9 7 2 6 10 11 2 4 4 12 16 0 1 1 21 7 2

4 ft '39175 1 1 I 2 2 3 M 5 1 ft 6 11 1c 10 2 12 >3 7 4 3 4* 20 2 H

491 z 12 >7 1 190 2 2 4 4 12 11 6 6 799 / 1 2 12 M H 6 2 '9 3 5

C IZ 1 16 & 1 8 3 2 0 1 I 4 89'6 - z9i 1 1 2 4 4 139IC 18 6 7

C 7 119j5 7 1 7 3 1 14 M 4 5 8 5 12 11 8 11 1 1196 13 09*7 6 1

5 6 11 2 14 10 1 6 4 1 13 4 4 2 1 2 5 7 13 8 5 8 10 5 IC i 2 8 3 16 7 7

G 10 8 '4 4 1 5 C 1 I 2 S 3 x5 0 5 397 H 0 1.0 11 2 11 13 0 16 0 11

6 C 10 2 1391 " 4'4 1 I 1 2 3 12 12 5 1 ft 798 10 2 12 11 6 4 >5 4 2

6 79I I 13 1 1 3 ft 1 10 1 3 10 2 4 H 3 7 4 4912 ( 10 '4, 6 >4 10 9

6 6 g 4 1 2 10 1 2 C 194 3 7 1c 4 1 i f 13 65 497 11 10 6 '3 14 3 8

6 0 0 0 I 2 1 1 r 15 -1 8 3 5 13 4 8'9 6 11 1091 1 10 1 / j3910

7 / y C J 8 11 I I91 1 6 1 7 7 j 4 2 4 5 < 6 8 4 8 11 1912 7 13 0 9

n 7 8 7 1 1 2 1 0 M 1 6 4 3 294 2 12 6 5 2 8 3 897 11 12 8 3

/ j 6 8 IO 11 1 0 ft 1 5 ( 3 1 1 4 0 3 6 2 2 8 0 593 J 1 2 0 8

/ 797 J 14 10 6 0 5 12 1 4 12 2 13 4 3 H 5 5 14 8 7 12 10 8 13 1 2 11 10 j5

8 C 7 10 IO 2 0 '5, 4' 4 2 13 iz 3 12 12 5 11 8 798 894 11 6 4

8 7 59>5 0 4 IC 1. 3 H 2 11 44 3 11 9 5 7 >3 7 7 3 8 a 11 < 1 2 1 2

3 ( 7 299 0 H 4 1 3 2. 10 4 1 2 398 5 597 3 1 S 0 5 10 12 9

8 0 6 1: 94 0 13 M 1 292 '9 11 3 7 IC 5 3 7 6 >5 4 7 >3 2 10 6 3

0 C 6 11 8 5 0 1391 1 14 2 8 11 3 5 11 5 1 6 6 11 ft 7 10 1 10 1 i

V93 698 1 z 0 j3 2 1 1 8 2 7 7 3 494 H M 692 7 6 5913 IC

0 ft 6 7 8 8 0 12 i' 1 1 0 2 6.93 2 j5 4 !3 2 6 5 14 7 3 1198 3

0 C 6 4 8 5 0 12 8 1 0 IC 2 5 8, 3- 1 44 4 11 0 6 3 1 2 7 0 £95 IC

y 10 C 6 1 8 - 2 0 12 1 1 0'3 2 4'*4 3 05 4 8 C 6 1 M 6 12 r392 3

10 > 0 3 6 3 5 13 7 75 12 0 0 11 11 '390 0 15 '5 M» / 2 2 3 2 8 1 2 2 2 154 11 5 4 4 7 5 C 8 3 5 15 12 5 11 6 6 10 8 8. 4 8 8 '5 11 0 C

1095 11 790 11 6 0 >5 1 2 2 1 2 '3 3 4 4 2 5 10 6 6 6 7 8 7 9

11 11 C97? 0 11 2 04' IC 2 1 ft i > 2 11 H 4 2 1297 13 6 4 2 8 3 11 >3

2 6 7 3 0 10 I 3 0 >4 5 2 0 7 2 10 1; 4 0 M, 5 3 6 1 s 0 0

11 ( 5 5 / 1 0 10 IO 0, !4 2 I54 2 10 ft 3 15 12 5 4 I 2 3 15 IC 7 '5 0

11 0 2 6 13 0 10 5 0 ij 1 j I >4 M 291 L 3' >3 3 r) 3 7 5 12 11 7 3 2

: z y C C 1 6 >3 0 10 2 0 1 59I 14 5 2 8 1 1 3 1 2 i 5 1 6 3 11 0 7 10 1

[ z 3 J 4 5 6 10 091? 0 '3 4 1 13 13 2 7 1 2 3 11 ( 4 >3 7 396 7 7 3

I £ C 4. 1 4 6 8 0 9' 12 0 1 2 <5 I3 J. 2 6 >3 3 1094 13 IC 5 7 LI 7 4 7

1 z G 4 '3 6 5 099 0 1 2 10 1 1 2 12 5 >5 398 4 11 3 5 6 5 7 1 12

1; C 4 11 6 4 095 0 12 8 I 11 15 298 3 74 4 11 0 3 3 13 7 0

'3 17 3 6 4 498 6 6 3 1 0 099 2 C 0 0 1 2 1 2 6 1 I I 11 11 5 C 2 2 5 4 1 4 3 3 6 6 IC C 4 4 10 8 295 S 1 5 C 6 6 «5 12 4 5

J '394 7. 5 '9 0 8 '3 0 11 1^I, I 10 7 2 3 8 3 4 M 4 7 0 4 15 5 ft 10 8

'4 4 U 0 3 ft 4 4 J 5 4 3 5 5 3 13 1 190 0 0 8 8 8 11 8 ft 0 0 0 11 i ( 1 196 2 1 I I 1099 192 2 2 2. 2 2 1 1; 1 ( 3 3 3 4 3 2 2 2 4 4 4 + 5 4 2 8 I 2 4 4 4 H 12 11 11 ft ft ft ft 8 6 4 4 2 2

C 29. 259

17 57'

Anno trice fiimo primp Georgii II.

N 0 1. IN. 1!

Part the Second

Prized Bread. 1 5 CL E 0

'Quartern Loaf. Halfpeck Loaf. Peck Loaf. M C cp si 3c

Wheaten Household Wheaten, Household Wheaten Household cr 0

5. d. s. d. s. d s. d. s. d E. d. s. d.

0 3 I 4 0 2 I 4 0 6 1 4 0 4 3 4 1 0 1 2 09] 2 2 9

0 3 1 2 e 1 2 0 7 0 $ 4 1 1 3 3- 0 10 4 3 0

0 3 3 4 0 2 Ja 4 0 7 '2, 0 5 2 1 3 0 11 3 3

0 4 0 3 0 8 0 6 1 4 I. C 1 0 3 6

0 4 1 5 0 3 ] % 0 8 1 2 0 6! 2 1 5 C 1 1 3 9

0 42 0 3 1 2 090 6*3 T i 0 3 4 1 1 3 4 4 0

0 4 3 4 0 3 3 4 093 4 0 7 4'1 7 > 2 1 2»2 4 3

0 5 0 3 3*0 10 1 '4 0 7 3 4 1 8 1 2 1 32 4 6

0 5 2 0 4 0 10 3 4 0 8 193 4 1 4 3 4 9

0 5 3 4 0 4 1 4 0 11 1 2 0 8 1 "2 1 11 1. 5 5 C

0 6 0 4 1 2 1 0 092 0 1 6 5 3

0 6 1 4 0 4 3 if "1 02 091 2 2 1 1 7 S 6

0 6 ] 2 .0 5 1 4 1 1 1 4 093 4 2 2 1 2 1 7 1 2 5 9

0 7 0 5 1 1 .3 0 10 4 2 3 1 2 1 8 J 6 0

0 7 15 0 5 1 2 1 2 1 4 0 10 3? 2 4 3 4 191 4 6 3

0 7 1 2 0 5 I 2* i 3 0 11 2 .6 1 10 -6 6

0 7 3 4 0 5 3 4 1! 3 1 2 0 11 1 2 2 7 1 11 6 9

0 8 0 6 1 4 1 0 2 8 2 0 7 0

0 8 ] 4 0 6 1 4 1 4 2 1 0 J 292 1 7 3

0 8)£ 0 6 1 2, 'i 5 - 1 1 2 10 2 2 7 6

0 8 3 4 0 6 s 4 1 5 1 2 1 1 1 2 2 11 I 4 2 2 3 4 7 9

091 4 0 6 3 4 L 6 1 - 4«ii 3 4 3 0 1 2 3- 3 X 8 0

091 2 0 7'7 I 2 3. 2 2 4 8- 3

093 4 0 7 i 4 .1 7 J 2*2 1 2 3 3 2 5 8 6

0 10 0 7 1 2 1 8 1 3 3 4 2 6 8 9

0 to I 4 0 7 3 4 1 8 I 1 3 1 2 3 3 2 790

0 10 ] 2 0 8 19- 1 3; 4 3 6 1» '2 7 3 493

i ° 10 3 4 0 8 1 4 19.3*4 1 4- 1 4 3 7 I 2- 8 J96

1.0 11 0 8 1 1 10 1 4 1 4 3 4 D 8 J 291 299-

1° 11 2 0 8 1 11 1 5 3 to 2 10 > 10 0

I 0 11 3 4 0 8 3 1 11 ] 2 .1 5 1 3 i I 2 11 0 3

0 092 O. - 1 6 4 0 3 0 10 6

0) 4 092 O 1 2 1 6 1 4 I 3 I (O' 9

0 T 091 2 2 1 1 7 4 2 3 2 11 0

1 0 3 4 093 4 2 I 3 4 1 7 J 4 3 4 3 2 J 11 3'

1 1 0 10 2 2 1 4 1 7 4 4 '4 2 3 <» 0 1 11 6

t 1 1 2 0 10 2 3 1 8* 4 6 3 4 11 9

1 1 3 4 0 10 J 7. 2 3 1 1 8 1 2 4 7 3 5 (2 0

11 2 0 10, 1 2 f; 4 194 8 3 6 12, 3

- 2 I 4 0 10 4 2 C 4 1 2 -1 9- J 49 — 3- 7 i 2 6-

1 2 5 0 11 2, 5 2^I 1 10 4- LO >3 8 1 2 9

1 3 0 11) 4 1 10 1 4 I 1 J 3 8 2 13 0

1 3 1 4 0 11 2, 6 1 1 10 J 2 S 1 393' 3

1 32 0 11 2 7 1 11 5 2 r rcr 1 3 6

1 3 3 4 0 11'2 7 J 1 11 1 2 5 3 3 11 >3 9

1 4 I 1 0 2 8 2 0 5 4 4 0 >4 0

1 4 1 0 s 2 8 2 0 1 2 5 5 4 1 >4 3

1 C i 1 0 2 29n 1 5 6 4 2 1 4 6

260 C 29. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

N II

A TABLE of the Assize and Price of Bread made of the several Grains hereunder mentioned.

This Table is divided into seven Columns: Columns the island 7th contain the Prices of the Bushel of Grain, the Allowance for Baking included; which Prices are adapted so as to serve either for the jvin chester Bushel of Rye, the Winchester Bushel of Barley, the Winchester Buthel of Oats, the Winchester Bushel of Beans, the Winchester Buthel of Maflin dins Miscellany, confiding of two thirds Wheat and one third Rye; the Price of either of which Bushels in the Market being known, the Magistrates are to add the intended Allowance thereto; the Amount of which being found either in Column N I. or VII the Weights which the several Penny, Twopenny, Sixpenny, and Twelvepenny Loaves ought to be of, will be found under Columns N II III IV and V and the Price of the respective Peck Loaves (which are to weigh i7 lb. 6z. each) under N VI

Example, When the Price of the Bushel of barjey in the Market, with the Allowance to the Baker, is 4 r. look for that Sum in Column the iftor 7th, and under their respective Titles in the same Line will be found the Weights which the several Assize Barley Loaves should be of, and the Price of the Peck Barley Loaf, and so of each of the other Sorts.

Note, Where Bread is allowed at any Time to be made for Sale of Peas only, the Assize and Price thereof are to be set and fixed from the Bean Columns; and where Bread is ordered to be made for Sale of a coarse Sort of Maflin or Miscellany Grain, consisting of one third Rye, one third Barley, and one third either Peas or Beans, the Assize and Price thereof are to be set and fixed from the Barley Columns.

Note a if, That this Table is framed for Bread to be made of the whole Produce of the said several Grains, except the Bran or Hull thereof only.

N I. N Jl. N 0 III

w C^Weight of the Penny Loaf. Weight of the Twopenny Loaf.

TO cj Z 3 tr CL 0 Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. Maflin. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. Maflin.

s. d. oz. d. oz. d. oz. d. oz. d. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. 'b. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. OZ. d.

1 0 62 8 67 8 31 4 83 12 70 C 7 G 0 8 7 0 3- H 8 10 7 8 8 I 2 0

1 3 5° 0 54 ' 0 25 0 67'C 56 C 6 4 0 6 12 C 3 2 0 8 6 0 7 O 0

1 6 4* ie 45 0 1 zo 14 55 1 2 46 1 10 5 3 5 5 C 291 2 6m 5 8 5 13 4

1935 11 389174 47 M 40 0: 4 7 6 4 G 2 2 3 12 5 IS 12 S O 0

2 C 3i 43 12 '5 IC 4* M 3 5 0 3 H 8 4 3 8 r G 4 5 3 12 4 6 0

2 3 27 13 30 0 134 37 4 31 2 3 7 10 3 12 C 1 11 1 2 4 10 8 3 14 4

2 6 z5 0: 7 0 2 2 8 33 8 28 O 3 2 C 3^C 190 4 3 C 3 8 0

2912 11911 6 3° 7 2 5 6 2 13 6 .3 1 2 1 6 I 2 >7 0 12 14 3 2 1 2

3 0 20 >3 12 8 10 7 274 23 5 29IC 2 13 C 1 4 M 3 7 12 2 14 10

3 3 '9 4 20 12910 25 12 21 8 2 6 8 298 1 3 4 3 3 8 n 11 0

3 f I 7 3 '9 4 85 23 O 20 0 2 3 11 2 6 8 1 1 14 2 15 14 2 8 0

39l6 11 18 0 8 5 22 5 18 10 2 1 6 2 4 C 1 0 11 2 12 IC 2 5 4

4 C 15 10 16 H 7 13 20 1 5 17 8 1 >5 4 2 1 1 2 0 15 IC 29147 A 3 0

4 3 14 1 2 is 14 7 6 9 11 16 8 1 13 1 15 G 0 14 1 2 2 7 6 2 1 0

4 6 3 M '5 0 6 >5 18 10 1591 11 13 1 14 C 0 «3 1 I 2 S 3 I 15 2

49'3 24 4 6917 11 14 1 2 1 10 5 1 12 C 0 13 3 2 3 ( I 13 8

5 0 1 2 8 >3 8 6 4 16 12 4 C 19C 1 11 C 0 1 2 8 2 1 8 1 12 0

5 3 114 12 M 5 15 '5 15 13 5 1 7 1 3 1913 0 11 ls 1 15 14 I 10 IC

5 6 11 5 1 2 4 5 1 I 5 3 1 2 11 1 6 11 1 890 11 6 1 14 7 I96

5910 >3 11 I 2 5 7 '4912 2 1 5 11 1. I 8 0 10 j4 1 13 2 I 8 4

6 0 10 6 11 4 5 335 11 10 1 4 3 1 6 8 0 10 7 1 11 14 I 7 5

6 3 10 C 10*3 5 0 1 3' 6 11 3 1 4 C 1 5 1 0 0 10 0 1 10 12 I 6 6

6 b9IC 10 6 4 13 1 2 M 10 12 1 3 4'4 1 2 0910 1912 I 5 8

699 4 10 C 4 10 1 2 6 10 6 1 291 4 C 095 1 8 13 I 4 1 2

7 0 8 iq910 4 7 11 iq 10 0 1 1 13 1 3 4 0 8 iq 1 7 1 q I 4 0

N IV

7

IM 0 IV N 0 V m N 0 VI Mo VI I.

/ Weight of the Sixpenny Loaf. Weight of the Twelvepenriy Loaf. Price of the Peck Loaf. W W: C 2

Rye Barley Oats. Beans. Maflir. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans Maflin. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. Maflin. w o 5 - CX n

lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. lb. oz. d. s. d. s. d. sd. s. d. s. d. >. d

23 7 0 25 5 O 11 II 8 3x 6 8 26 4 0 46 14 0 5° IO 0 23 7 0 62 x3 0 52 8 0 0 4- 0 4; 090 3l 0 4 1 0

is 12 0 20 4 096 o 25 2 0 21 0 C 37 8 0 40 8 0 18 12 C 5° 4 0 42 0 0 0 5 i 0 5! 0 11 0 4- 0 5 1 7

159XS io 14 o 7 x3 4 20 14 8 '7 7 12 31 3 x4 33 12 0 1 5 10 8 41 x3 C 34 x5 8 0 6-2 0 61 I X 0 s 0 6 1 6

'3 6 2 H 7 6 6 11 4 n x5 4 x5 0 C 26 12 4 28 x4 12 x3 6 8 35 x4 8 30 0 0 0 7-1 0 7i I 31 0 Si 0 7 1 9

11 r i 8 L 2 io 8 5 13 12 >5 11 4 x3 2 0 23 7 0 25 5 0 11 1 r 8 3x 6 8 26 4 0 0 81 0 81 I 5! 0 61 0 8 2 C

io 6 x4 I I 4 0 5 3 4 13 x5 8 11 10 I 2 10 x3 12 22 8 0 10 6 8 27' 15 0 M 5 8 0 10 O 9l I 7' 0 7i90

9 6 C IO 2 o 4 11 o 1290 10 8 C 18 12 0 20 4 096 0 25 i 2 C 21 0 0 0 11 0 IC'I 10 0 8! 0 10 -1 6

8 8 293 6 4 4 4 11 6 1098 4 l7 0 4 18 6 12 8 8 8 21 x3 4 '9 0 8 1 0 0 X >4 2 1 0 9-1 0 11 2 9

7 12 XS 8 7 C 3 >4 IO 10 7 4 8 11 x4 XS915 16 x4 0 7 x3 4 20 x4 8 l7 7 12 1 1 1. °2 2 2i 0 10 1 0 5 0

7 3 8 7 12 8 39I 2910 8 8 1 C x4 7 0 '590 7 3 8 x9 5 0 16 2 C 1 21 1 x4 2 4-1 0 io! 1 1 3 3

6 y i 7 3 8 3 5 IO 8 x5 10 7 8 0 13 6 2 x4 7 0 6 11 4 '7 x5 4 x5 0 0 1 3i I H 2 61 0 XI 1 2 3 6

6 4 2 6 12 o 3 2 I 8 5 x4 6 x5 12 12 7 4 13 8 0 6 4 2 16 11 12 x3 15 8 1 41 1 32 81 I 04 1 3 3 9

5 13 12 6 s 4 2 x4 i4 7 x3 10 690 11 11 8 I 2 10 8 5 x3 12 x5 11 4 x3 2 0 I 5i 1 4l 2 r! 1 X 1 4 4 0

S 8 8 5 >5 7 2 I 2 4 7 6 2 6 3 0 11 1 0 I I x4 x4 5 8 8 '4 12 4 12 6 0 1 61 1 5l 3 ol 1 21 1 5 4 3

5 3 / 5 IO o Z f IO 6 x595 x3 6 10 6 x4 1 I 4 0 5 3 4 x3 15 2 11 10 12 1 8 1 7 3 ai I 3 1 6 4 6

4 H ls 5 5 11 2 796 10 2 5 8 8913 x4 IO 11 6 4 x5 2 '3 4 4 11 1 0 1 CO 1 8 3 5l 1 1 7 4 5

4 11 0 5 i 0 2 5 8 6 4 8 5 4 096 0 IO 2 C 4 11 0 1290 10 8 0 1 10 193 8 1 A 3 44 i 8 5 C

4 7 7 4 x3 7 2 3 x3 5 x5 10 4 x5 x4 8 «4 x4910 x4 4 7 IC 11 x5 4913 12 1 XX 1 10 3 11 1 r 1 3 4 195 3

4 4 i 4911 2 2 2 S 11 5 4 12 2 8 8 293 6 4 4 4 10 6 IC98 4 2 °1 1 11 4 1 I H I / a 1 10 3 6

4 i i 4 6 8 2 O IO 5 7 6 4 8 12 8 2 2 8 x3 0 4 1 4 10 !4 1291 8 2 1j 2 C 4 3 I 7! 1 11 5 C

3 x4 7 4 3 8 I X 5 3 3 IC 4 5 x5 7 12 x5 8 7 0 3 x4 10 10 7 4 8 11 x4 2 21 2 1 4 54 1 8 2 0 5 C

3 12 o 4 o x4 I x4 o 5 0 4 4 3 2 7 8 0 8 1 12 3 12 0 10 0 8 8 6 4 2 3i 2 2 4 71 1 81 2 1 6 3

39I 2 3 '4 4 I I 2 !4 a 1 x3 4 4 0 8 7 3 8 7 12 8 3912910 8 8 1 C 2 5 2 3 491 92 2 2 6 6

3 7 I 1 3 12 0 I I I x5 4 10 7 3 x4 4 6 x5 6 7 8 0 3 7 x494 x4 7 12 8 2 6 2 4 5 0 1 x 2 3 6 9

3 5 8 3 Q 12 I TO 13 4 7 13 3 12 0 6 11 1 7 3 8 3 C 10 8 K IC 8 0 2 7 2 5 5 14 1 XX 2 4 7 0

several Sous of Bread.

C 29. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Assize to be set m Avery. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth dupoize Weight, and in lay of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, every Assize which hall, from time to the Proportions directto tjm<?5 be set in any City, Town Corporate, Hundred, Division, Liberty, Rape or Wapentake, in

V e "L'°- pursuance of this at, shall be always let in Averdupoize Weight, of sixteen Ounces to the Pound,

and not Troy Weight, and in the several Proportions directed in or by the said Tables above set forth, or as near the same as may be, as to the several Sorts of Bread in this Act specified; that the said Tables shall extend as well to such Bread which shall be made with the Flour of Wheat mixed with the Flour of other Grain, as also to Bread which shall be made with the Flour of other Grain or Grains than Wheat, which shall be publicly licensed and allowed to be made into Bread, in any Place or Places in Pursuance of this Act; and that the Assize of all such mixed Bread shall be set and ascertained as near as may be, according to the said Tables.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty wefkly to the court of ninth Day of September, the respective Prices which the several Kinds of Grain, Meal, and Flour, 1, 1 ay or and Aidarnien oi an(j proper to the different Sorts of Bread which shall be allowed t

Itetcrn to Be made

publicly fall for in ihe Markets of the City.;

London h the Meal 11l "u eu.uuu wun.o uj jjimu wiuui uuui uc anuwcu to be made in pursuance of

wi z'bers, of the Prices this Ad, shall, from time to time, bona fide, sell for in the Markets or Places in London, whefe such which the several Kinds Grain, Meal and.flour, shall be openly and publicly sold during the whole Market, and not at paros Grain, Meal and ticular Times thereof, or on particular Contracts only, shall, from time to time, be given in and cer flour, fit for Bread, tified on Oath, on some certain Day in every Week, as the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London shall, from time to time, appoint, by the Meal Weighers of the said City of London, or such other Persons as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen in London shall, from time to time, the Prices to be entered direct; arjd shall also on some certain Day in every Week, to be appointed by the said Court of may by them on j en or and Aldermen in London, be entered by such Meal Weighers, or other Persons to; be appointed as In th^town clerk's ep aforesaid, in Writing under their Hands, in some Book to be for that purpose provided by the said Office; and the Assize City of London, and kept at the Town clerk's Office in the said City: And the next Day after every such Price shall be so given in and certified as aforesaid, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale by any Person within the Limits of their jurisditshon, and the Price to be paid for the same respectively, shall, from time to time, be set by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen in London, if the said Court shall then sit, and if such Court shall not then sit, by the Mayor of the said City for the time being; and that the Assize of Bread which shall be so set in London shall take Place from such Time as the said Court shall order, and be in Force for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality (the City of Westminster and Liberties thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surry excepted) until a new or other Assize of Bread in London shall be set; and that after the Fixing or Setting of every such Assize of Bread, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of London, or the Mayor of the said City for the time being, when the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of London shall not fit, the Assize so from time to time set shall, with all convenient Speed after setting thereof, be made Public in such Manner as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall order or direct: But before any Advance or Reduction shall in any Week be made by the said court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Mayor of the said City of London for the time being, in the Price of Bread, the Meal Weighers of k avt at the jokers Hall ^a'lc^ City of London for the time being, or such other Persons as the said Court of Mayor and Ai

a Copy of the Returns dcrmcn shall from time to time appoint to return the Price of Grain, Meal and fiour, shall leave in

Writing at the Common Hall of the Company of Bakers in the said City of London, a Copy of every Return of the Price of Grain, Meal and Flour, which they, shall make, and enter in such Book to

he provided and kept at the Town clerk's Office as aforesaid, sometime of the same Day on which such Meal weighers.or other Persons shall make every such Return and Entry, as aforesaid; the Intent that the said Company of Bakers may the Morning of the next Day after every such Return bdore tue Af and Entry shall be made, and before any Assize shall be set, from time to time, have an Opportunity bci: 1, to offer to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, if such Court shall then, fit, and if such Court shall not then sit, to the Mayor of the said City of London for the time being, all such Objections' as the said Company of Bakers shall have and think fit to offer against any Advance or Reduction being that Day made in London in the Price of Bread.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of every other City, where there shall be any such Court, and when such Court shall sit; red where there mail be no such Court, or, there being any such, when the same shall not fit, the Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magistrate or Magi

and Price of Bread to be set the next Day;

and to take Place according to Order, and <ontir.ue till ancvvaf f.ze be set;

and to bepublish'd forthwith.

Before any Advance or Reduction be made in the Price of Bread, the Meal Weighers are to

made that Da;

ilut the Company may itav* Time to obiedt

The Court of Mayor and /.k'cimen and magi f*ra cs, dec. in oilier Cities, Towns and Bo

Mariner, cause Returns ft rates of every such other respective City; and in Towns Corporate, or Boroughs, the Mayor, bai to te mad' them < f the iffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magistrate or Magistrates for the time being of every such Town Cor prues which the feve porate or Borough; or two or more Justices of the Peace in such Towns and Places where there shall ra) Sous of Gramme, j, e no such Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or Chief Magistrates; and may severally and respectively, BRI iii svuk fi°m time to time, as there shall be Occasion, within their several and re(pe£iive Jurisdictions, cause 1 y ful/at in the Markets, ftc respective Prices which the several Sorts of Grain, Meal and Flour, fit and proper to make the within their Junkie different Sorts of Bread which shall be allowed to be made in every such other respctftive City, Town tions; Corporate, Borough, Town or Place, shall, from time to time, bona fide, sell for, in the respective

public Markets in or near to every such other Town Corporate, Borough, Town or Place, during the Whole Market, and not at particular Times thereof, or on particular Contracts only, from time to time be given in and certified, upon Oath, unto such Court, Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, as aforesaid respectively, within their several Jurisdictions, in

such

Anno tficeiimo primo Georgii II. c. 20<

263,

such Manner, and by such Person or Persons, and on such Day in every Week, as any such respective Court, Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, as aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall from time to time appoint; and the Price which shall be so the

certified, shall, from time to time, be entered by the respective Person or Persons who shall certify anicu Book or Books to be provided by such respective Person or Persons, and kept by him Boplc

th

of Bread

altizs and Price r to be ftt witji'*

a lid to^take Place, anf continue (not exceeding 7 Da js) and to be

3 ub*

Prices to be entered tif.ed in a proper

the same in some

or them for that Purpose: within two Days after every such Price shall be so returned, the Assize a1 and Weight of Bread for every such other respective City, Town Corporate, Borough, Town and pace, and the Price to be paid for the same shall, from time to time, be set by the Court of Mayor 'n z l5sa, e*« and Alderman of every fych other City where there shall be any such Court, and when the same shall sit; and when such Court shall not fit, by the Mayor of every such other respective City; and where there shall be no such Court of Mayor and Aldermen in any such other City, then by the Mayor,

Bailiffs or other Chief Magistrate or Magistrates of every such other City; and in I owns Corporate and Boroughs by the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magistrate or Magistrates of every such Town Corporate or Borough; and by two or more Justices of the Peace in Towns or Places where there shall be no such Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or Chief magistrate.or Magistrates: the Assize and Weight of Bread, and Price to be paid for the same, which shall be so from time to time set in every such other City, and in every Town Corporate or Borough, and in every Town and Place where there shall be no such Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, as aforesaid, shall commence and take Place on such Day in every Week, and be in Force for such Time, not exceeding seven Days from the Setting of every such Assize, and shall be made Public in such Manner, as such Court of Mayor and Aldermen in every such other City where there shall be any such Court, and when the same shall sit and where there shall be no such Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or there being any such, when the same shall not fit, as the Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief^3: 511 t: ues "dl Magistrate or Magistrates, as aforesaid, of every such other City; and as the Mayor, Bailiffs, aider men or other Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, as aforesaid, of every such Town Corporate, or Borough; and in Towns and Places where there shall be no such Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, as aforesaid, as any such two Justices, as aforesaid, shall, within their respective Jurisdictions, from time to time direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Tv. 0 or more Jnftirw

ninth Day of September, if any two or more Justices of the Peace of Counties at Barge, Ridings or v'lth'n reit Divisions, shall at any Time think fit to set an Assize of Bread, for any Place or Places within the nztof brwthvnd cause Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, then, and in any such Case, it shall be lawful for any such Returns to be made by two or more Justices, within the Limits of their respective jurisdictions, to cause the Price which the Clerks of the neiph grain, Meal and Flour, fit to make the several Sorts of Bread which shall be made for Sale in any bocri, 1s Markets of the such Place or Places, shall, from time to time, bona fide, sell for in the respective Public Corn Mar", ", cvni.r

ket or Corn Markets, in or near any such Place or Places respectively - the whole Market, and there sold j*not at particular Times thereof, or on special Contracts only, to be from time to time given, and certified on Oath, to them at their respective Houses or Places of Abode, in any such County, Riding the Returns to be made or Division, on such Day in every Week, as any such two or more Justices shall for that Purpose fix on a certain Day,

on and appoint, by the respective Clerks of the Market of the several Markets in or near such respective Place or Places, or such other Person or Persons as any such two or more Justices as aforesaid respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall for that Purpose appoint; and that the Price of and to be entered and Grain, Meal and Flour, which shall he so returned, shall, from time to time, be entered by the rep, sncd !n a bop!c, p be spective Person or Persons who shall so return the same, in some Book or Books to be provided by him ke?t ior_ tl at rurp"e; or them, and kept for that Purpose; and within two Days after any such Return of the Price f the act.zeand Price Grain, Meal and Flour, shall be made, to any such two or more Justices, as aforesaid, the Price and Dra "af" eij and to'con assize of Bread may be by them, or any two of them, set for every such Place or Places, for any tinue (not exceeding 14 Time not exceeding fourteen Days from every Setting thereof; And the Assize which shall be so from Days) and to commence time to time set, shall commence and be in Force, at such Time after every Setting thereof, and be and be published as shall made Public in such Place or Places for which the same shall be so set, in such Manner as the Justices be ordered: shall set the same, shall order or direct.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Maker of Bread for Sale in any Bakers may^fee the Re such other City, Town Corporate, Borough or Place, where the Price and Assize of Bread, in pursuance of this Act, shall at any Time be thought proper to be set, shall have Liberty, at all seasonable Times, in the Daytime, the next Day after every Return of the Price of Grain, Meal and Flour, shallhe made for any such other City, Town Corporate, Borough, Town or Place, and entered in the proper Book hereby directed to be provided and kept for that Purpose, to see the Entry

which shall be made in such Book, of the Price of Grain, Meal and Flour, without paying anything for the same; to the Intent that every such Maker of Bread for Sale may have an Opportunity on that they may Lave the said next Day after any such Entry as aforesaid shall be made as hereby is directed, to offer to any Time to ohkh to the such Court, Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, as ad.var, ce, fr.rcll, pon aforesaid, who Avail think fit to set any such Assize of Bread within their respective Jurisdictions, and Vefotc tve

before any such Assize shall be set, such Objections as any such Maker of Bread for Sale can reason Assize be set. ably make against any Advance or Reduction being at any Time made in the Assize or Price of Bread in any such other City, Town Corporate, Borough, Town or Place.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Baker or Maker of Bread for Baker not liable to pay Sale shall be liable or compellable to pay any Fee, Gratuity or Reward, to any Person or Persons for. Fees on Account of the

qj. Assize or Bread.

turns, the Day after the same shall be made,

Form of the Returns to be made of the Price of Grain, Meal or Flour.

Returns to be signed.

Form of Publication of the Assize of Bread,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

or by means of, any Ashze of Bread being at any Time set, altered or published, by virtue of or under this at.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Form of the Return, or the Certificate of the Price of Grain, Meal or Flour, mall, from time to time, be to the Purport or Effect as followeth; that is to lay.

The Prices of Grain, Meal and Flour, as sold in the Corn Market in in the

of the Day of 17

The best Wheat — at by the Bushel.

The Second — — at by Ditto.

The Third at by Ditto.

The best Wheaten Flour at by the Sack.

Household Flour — at by Ditto.

Rye — -« at by the Bushel.

Rye Meal or Flour, — — at by the Bushel.

Barley at by Ditto.

Barley Meal — — at by Ditto.

Oats — at by Ditto.

Oatmeal - - at by

White Peas — at by the Bushel.

White Pea Flour or Meal — — at by

Beans - — — at by the Bushel.

Bean Meal, or Flour at by

To every of which Returns the Person or Persons, who shall be appointed to/nake the same, shallj from time to time, sign their respective Names or Marks.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when an Assize of Bread shall at any Time be set in pursuance of this at, the same shall be made Public in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

To wit, The Assize of Bread, set the 'Day of

for to take Place on the

Day of now next ensuing, and

to be in Force for the said

of

And in Places where Penny, Twopenny, Sixpenny, Twelvepenny and Eighteenpenny Loaves shall be made, as followeth j

lb.

oz.

dr.

The Penny Loaf Wheaten is to weigh Ditto Household is to weigh -

The Twopenny Loaf Wheaten is to weigh Ditto Household is to weigh —

The Sixpenny Loaf Wheaten is to weigh Ditto Household is to weigh -

The Twelvepenny Loaf Wheaten is to weigh Ditto Household is to weigh -

The Eighteenpenny Loaf Wheaten is to weigh Ditto Household is to weigh -

And in Places where Quartern, Half Peck and Peck Loaves shall be made, then as follows;

lb. oz. dr. j. d.

The Peck Loaf Wheaten 7 isr to weigh 3 Ditto Household is to 7 weigh - - j and is to be sold for and is to be sold for

And

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 29.

265

And the Half Peck and Quarter of a Peck Loaves of Wheaten and Household Bread are to weigh, Half Peck, and Quartern from time to time, in Proportion to the Weight a Peck Loaf of Wheaten or Household Bread ought Loaves 10 weigh, and be to weigh, and are to be sold according to the Price a Peck Loaf of Wheaten or Household Bread sold endue Proportion to respectively is to be sold; and whenever any Bread shall be ordered to be made by any such Ma thepeckloaq gistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, with the Meal or Flour of Yae'fti?te to, pirefl r0w Rye, Barley, Oats, Peas, or Beans either alone, or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any other Grain {' or zmixed Bread, ^or Grains, the Assize of such Bread shall be made Public in such Manner as the said Magistrate or when order'd to be made, Magistrates, or Justices, who hall set such Assize, shall from time to time diredf. hall be published.

XIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Places where any six Penny, Where Bread of a certain twelve Penny and eighteen Penny Loaves hall at any time be ordered or allowed to be made or sold, Denomination and Value no Peck, half peck, or Quarter of a Peck Loaves shall be permited or allowed at the same Time a ordered orailow to be there made or sold; to the Intent that one of those Sorts of Loaves of Bread may not be sold of different denomina designedly, or otherwise, for the other Sort thereof, to the Injury of unwary People; upon Pain tion is to be sold at the that every one who shall offend in the Premisses, and shall be thereof on V idled in Manner herein affame Time, ter prescribed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less under Penalty of forfeit than twenty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such ing ?°rqfceding 4?5, Offender shall be convicted, shall from time to time think fit. S o

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for the better carrying into The Justices at a General Execution this Act, the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Division, hall, at any or quarter sessions, may General or General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held by them for any such County, Riding, tkf iurifdi£hcn of or Division, think fit to ascertain or six, that any Hundred or Hundreds, or other Place or Places, certain distr!<ft,

in any such County, Riding, or Division, ought to be estimated or considered, as of, or in, f0 as the Assize of Bread any one particular Hundred, Riding, or Division, of any such County, Riding, or Division, in set for the same may exorder that the Assize of Bread which shall be set for such particular Hundred, Place or Places, tend thereto, may extend to or comprise such other Hundred, Place or Places, then, and in any such Case, it shall be lawful for them so to do; but by so doing thereof, no Justice of the Peace of any such County, Riding, or Division, shall be excluded or debarred from acting as a Justice of the Peace in any Hundred, Riding, or Division, of any such County in which any such particular Towns, di stricts, or Places shall lie, or the Assize for them shall be set.

XV. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Entry hall, from time to Entry to be made by time, be made by every Clerk of the Market, or other Person or Persons who, in pursuance of this every Clerk of the Mar act, shall be appointed to make such Return and Certificate as hereby is directed respectively, in ket, cm proper Books, forne Book or Books to be provided and kept by them respectively for that Purpose of every Return eturnsma e y

which shall be made, in pursuance of this Act, by them respectively; and also of the Rate at which and of: the Rate the A the Price, Assize, and Weight of Bread shall, from time to time, be fetor fixed within the Juris f, zeand price of Bread diction of every such Clerk of the Market, or other Persons who shall, in pursuance of this Act, hall be set at from time be appointed to make such Return or Certificate as aforesaid; Book or Books any Inhabitant to time, of every such City, Town Corporate, Borough Franchise, Hundred, Riding, Division, Liberty, the said Books to be open Lath, Rape, or Wapentake, hall, at all seasonable Times in the daytime, have Liberty to see and to the inspection of any inspect, without any Fee or Reward being to be paid for the same. Inhabitant.

XVI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after an Assize of Bread hall, at jy0 Alteration is to be any Time after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, be set, no Alteration shall be made therein made in Assize of Bread, in any subsequent Week, either to rise the same higher, or to fink the same lower, unless and ex unless the Price of cept when the Price of Wheat, or other Grain, hall be returned as having rose threepence each ^jeavtaror ^th"' Bushel, more than the last Return made, or having fallen threepence each Bushel lower than the Buflidfronnhelaft re laid last Return; no Provision being made by the said Assize 1'ables for altering any ash/e, when turn, the Variation in the Price of Wheat, or other Grain, hall not in any Week have arnount d to, and have been returned threepence a Buftiel.

XVII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Meal Weigher, Clerk Any Meal Weigher, of any Market, or other Person or Persons who shall be appointed to certify or return, as hereby is clsrk of the Market, directed, the Price of Grain, Meal, and Flour, shall in any wise neglect, omit or refuse to do, any j*wv.°

Matters or Things by this Act required or directed to be done by hint or them respectively, or hall return°r* 4 C designedly or knowingly make any false Certificate or Return; or if any Constable, Headborough, an(j anyveace Officer, or other Peace Officer, shall refuse or neglect to observe or obey any Warrant in Writing which shall wh0 iha i dnbb ey the' be delivered to him under the Hand and Seal of any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or to do any Warrant of any ma.'i other Act requisite to be done by him or them for the carrying this Act, or any of the Powers or or Justice, or Authorities, hereby given, into Execution; then every Person so offending in any of the Premises, p*'tcrw rc neglect his on being convicted of any such Offence, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not o^j

exceeding five Pounds, p.or less than twenty Shillings, as the Magistrate or magistrates, Justice or 5

Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, hall think fit and order, every B ime he or they shall so offend and be convicted^as hereby is directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Buyers or Sellers Any Buyer, Seiler, or

r 'cm other Places, the'

trite Prices the several Sorts of Grain, Meal, and Flour, shall be bought or sold at in the uublick Market, Mm of

VOL. VIII

266 C 29. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

of this Act, shall be appointed to give in and certify, as hereby is directed, the Prices of Grain, Meal, and Flour, from the rci pective Markets or Places within their respective juril dictions, shall refuse to disclose and make known to such Meal Weighers, Clerks of the Markets, or other Persons, who shall be appointed to make such Returns and Certificates as hereby are directed respectively, and also hall request the same within their respective jurisdictions, the true real Prices the several Sorts of Grain, Meal, and Fleur, hall be bona fide bought at, or sold, by or for him, her or them respectively, at any Corn Market or Corn Markets, or other Place, where Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, is or shall be usually, openly, or publicly sold, within the jurisdiction of any such Person r fna!l give la a false cr or Persons as aforesaid, who hall request any such Account to be given to him or them; or shall coilufivepuce, knowingly give in to any such Meal Weigher, Clerk of the Market, or other Person, who shall be

appointed in pursuance of this act, to give in and certify the Price of Grain, Meal, and Flour, any' falie or untrue Price or Prices of any Grain, Meal, or Flour, bought or sold, or agreed so to be, or any Price which hath been made by any deceitful Means; then, and in every such Case, he, Hie or they so offending, on being convicted of any such Offence by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or solemn Affirmation of any credible Witness or Witnesses, being a forfeit not exceeding Quaker, or on the Confection of the Party accused, hall forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds,

ner lefa than 40s. nor jcfs than forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every Time he, he or they shall so offend, and be convicted of any such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Court, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, as aforesaid, who shall have thought proper to have ordered any Return to be made of the Price of Grain, Meal, or Flour, within their respective jurisdictions, shall., ., three Days, sum at any Time within the Space of three Days after any such Return shall have been made, suspect mon any Buyer, orsd that the same was not truly and bona fide made; then, and in any such Case, it shall be lawful for any such Court, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within their respective jurisdictions, summon before them respectively, any Person or Persons who shall have bought or sold, or shall be suspected to have bought or sold, or agreed to buy or sell any Grain, Meal, or Flour, within their respective jurisdictions, or who shall be thought to be likely to give any Information concern and examine them upon ing tile premifies, and to examine them respectively upon their several Oaths, touching the Rates. frlce^of Grafn meal anc ^rlccs the several Sorts of Grain, Meal and Flour, or any of them, were there really and botia> vid Flour, within seven. side bought at, or sold for, or agreed so to be by him, her or them respective, at any Time or Times 'within the Space of seven Days preceding the summoning of him, her or them respectively; if any Person or Persons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid, hall neglect or refuse to appear

Where any false Return shall be suspected to be made, the Court, Ma giflrate, or Justice, may,

ler, or other Person likely to give lnfcrma tion,

Pays before;

?r, d arty Person who shall not appear thereto, on such Summons (and Proof shall be made on Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon

their respective Jut ifdictions, without some just or reasonable Excuse, to be allowed of by any such court, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices as aforesaid, he, she or they so offending, on. being convicted of any such Offence, either by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his, her or their own Confection, before any such Court, Magistrate or Magistrates, ju ilice or Justices, hall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, and not less than forty Shillings, as any such Court, Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, forfwesring himself, shall think fit and order: And if any Person, who shall be so examined on Oath, hall wilfully for meurstbs Penalucsof fyycar. him or herself, every such Person shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for perjury

forfeits not exceeding jo 1. nor less than 40

Porly fumir.oned, not cll.ged to travel above 5 Miles from the Place of his Abode.

When an Order shall be made for making Bread for Sale of any other

by indiciment or Information by due Course of Law; and, if convicted, shall be liable to the Pc -- nalties Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to; provided that the Party or Parties so summoned be not obliged to travel above five Miles from the Place or Places off his, her or their Abode.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Court as aforesaid, Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace, shall order any Bread to be made within., ., their respective jurisdictions, of or with the Flour or Meal of any other Grain or Grains than,

m xcdwcil or Fjour'°* eat, or to be mixed with the Flour of Wheat, or to be made with the Flour or Meal of any

'1 '*other Sort or Sorts of Grain or Grains, either separate or mixed together, all Persons who shall'

make any. Bread for Sale, in any Place where any such Order or Orders hall at any Time be made, shall, from Time to Time, make Bread with such mixed Meal or Flour, in every such Place and places, in such Manner as they shall be required and ordered by any such Court, Magistrate or Magistrates or Justices as aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, and shall, from rime to Time, n, w. V make the fanie of such. Weight and Goodness, and shall sell the same at such Prices, asany such

aodgoodn^ldahjdi Court, Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, within their respective jurisdictions, shall, from Price, a (hill therein bs, ime. Time, order or direct; upon Pain that every Person who shall at any Time offend in the.

premisses, and shall be convicted of any such Offence in the Manner herein after prescribed by this act, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall think fit and order, every Titnc hc^ flic or they shall so offend and be convicted.

i kir: to conform to fcv.b Order, and make

directed,

or. Penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 5), noii Ws than 40 j.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. 267

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Thc ftvera! Sorts of Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the several Sorts of Bread which shall be ?read itade for £lle', are made for Sale, or sold, or exposed to or for Sale, in any Place or Places, shall always be well made, and, 6 in Their^deerees, ^' and in their several and respective Degrees, according to the Goodness of the several sots of Meal acco rding, to thegood or Flour whereof the same ought to be made; and that no Alum, or Preparation or Mixture in ness of the Sorts of Mt which Actum shall be an Ingredient, or any other Mixture or Ingredient whatsoever (except only or flour the same ought the genuine Meal or Flour which ought to be put therein, and common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, to be niade of

Milk, Yeast and Barm, or such Leaven as shall at any Time be allowed to be put therein by the without any Adulters. Court, or Person or Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, have set an Assize of Bread, for the ^genuine meaur^ Place or Places where any such Leaven shall be used, and where no such Assize shall have been set, Slow, Saltwater, then such Leaven as any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his Eggs, Milk, Yeastand or their Jurisdiction, shall allow to be used in making of Bread) shall be put into, or in any wise Barm, or such Leaven at used in making Dough, or any Bread to be sold, or as or for Leaven to ferment any Dough, 01 occasionally al. on any other Account, in the Trade or Mystery of making Bread, under any Colour or Pretence owe'of

whatsoever; upon Pain that every Person (other than a Servant or Journeyman) who fhalftknow fep°" er so^fjcin" /vot be", ingly offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their ing the Servant or Jour, own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such neyman) not exceeding Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of his or their Juris nor Ms than 40s. diction, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding ten

Pounds, and not lefts than forty Shillings; or shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or or being committed, and Hands and Seals, of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices within his or their re kept to hard Labour for i'pective Jurisdiction, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison anlriije not ekceedm3 of the County, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Riding, Division or Place, where the Offence nor e c JJ1

shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and

be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than ten Days, from the Time of such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order; and if any Servant or Journeyman Baker shall knowingly offend in the and if the Offender be a Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confession, Servant or journeyman, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Magistrate or Magi ?n Peiult>' of ll!s f' ^: 'c "ffrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, he, she or novkfs^htnzov they, who shall so offend, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, and not less than twenty Shillings; or shall, by Warrant under the Hand or being committed, and and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within his kepe to hard Labour for or their respective Jurisdiction, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some anltlrve n0, Cxc?ed, ni Prison of the County, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place, where0 Days; "01 e s 1.

the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than ten Days, from the Time of every such Commitment, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, j Liftice or Justices, shall think fit and order; and it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrate or and the Magistrate may, Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, out of the Mo out f ths Money of the ney forfeited, when recovered, to cause the offender's Name, Place of Abode, and Offence, to be forfeiture, publish in published in some News Paper, which shall be printed or published in or near the County, City or fe^pr's^m^piueof* Place, where any such Offence shall have been committed. Abode, and Offence,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty The Penalty of anulte

ninth Day of Septejnber no Person shall knowingly put into any Corn, Meal or Flour, which shall rating Coin, Meal or he ground, dressed, bolted or manufactured for Sale, either at the Time of grinding, drefting, bol Flour, whether at the ting or in any wise manufacturing the same, or at any other Time or Times, any Ingredient, Mix dress

ture or Thing whatsoever; or shall knowingly sell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Meal or ins. ° tln°'

Flour of one Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any hing as or ^0°ur of onesonof3 r for, or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which shall not be the real and genuine Meal or c ain for another Sort Flour of the Grain the same shall import to be and ought to be; upon Pain that every Person who or anything mixed 5 shall offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner herein after prescribed, shall which bail not be of forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shil genuine Meal or lings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Of kmeis sod fenders shall be convicted, shall think fit or order.

is not to exceed 5i, nor be less than '40 s.

Where Bread Hull be of a different Mixture of Corn than what it importeth to be of, or is allowed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September no Person shall knowingly put into any Bread which shall be made for Sale, any Mixture of Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain than of the Grain the same shall import to be, and shall be allowed to be made of, in pursuance of this Actor shall put into any

Bread which shall be made for Sale, any larger or other Proportion of any other or different Sort or07 where the Proportion Sorts of Grain, or the Meal or Flour thereof, than what shall be appointed or allowed to be put of the Mixture allowed therein by this Actor any Mixture or Thing as for or in lieu of Flour, which shall not really be ofihallnotbe duly ob the genuine Flour the same shall import to be, and ought to be; upon Pain that every Person who served, shall offend in the Premises, and shall he convicted of any such Offence in Manner herein after or where any thingshall prescribed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, Je Told as Flour, which as the Magistrate or Magistrates, justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offen [heoffenderh toford i;

M tn 2 dtrs not exceeding 5 1. nor

Ms than nos.

268

C 29,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Where Bread shall] le made under Weight,

than 1 s. for every Ounce deficient.

and if under an Ounce, not exceed.ng 2 s. 6 d. nor less than 6 d.

Town Corporate Or Borough,

be we ghed before the juag flrate, within 24 Hours after the same shall be baked, sold or exposed to Sale; and if in any Hundred, Riding or Division, c. within three Days of the baking or Sale thereof; unless such Deficiency arose from some una

ders shall be convitfted, hall think fit and order, every Time he, she or they, shall To offend, and

be convicted.

XXI. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall make any Bread for Sale, or who send out, or sell or expose to or for Sale, any Bread, shall at any Time from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September make, send out, sell or expose to or for Sale any Bread which shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Assize which shall be set the Offender forfeits not for any such Bread, from Time to Time to be sold at, in pursuance of this allie, the or they so exceeding 5 s. r.or less offending in the Premises, and being thereof convicted in Manner herein after prescribed of any such Offence, hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Shillings, nor less than one Shilling, for every Ounce of Bread which hall at any Time be wanting or deficient in the Weight every such Loaf ought to be of; and for every Loaf of Bread which shall be found wanting less than an Ounce of the Weight the same ought to be of, a Sum not exceeding two Shillings and six Pence, nor less than six Pence; as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Bread which hall not be of the due Weight the same ought to be, hall be brought, shall think fit or order; provided such Bread com so as such Bread which shall be complained of as wanting at any Time in the Weight the same ought piained^of, if m any City, to be of, in any City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Francliife, or the Jurisdiction thereof or within the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall from Time to lime be brought before some magi firate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, having Jurisdiction in the Premises, and shall be weighed before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within twenty-four Hours after the same hall have been baked, sold or exposed to or for Sale; and so as such Bread which shall be complained of as wanting at any Time in the Weight the same ought to be of, in any Hundred, Riding, Division, Liberty, Rape, Wapentake or Place, shall from Time to Time be brought before some Justice or Justices of the Peace of such Hundred, Riding, Division, Liberty, Rape or Wapentake, or other Place, and shall be weighed before such Justice or Justices within three Days after the same shall have been baked, sold or exposed to or for Sale; unless it shall be made out to the Satisfaction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties against whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made, that such Deficiency in Weight voidable Accident, or by wholly arose from some unavoidable Accident in Baking or otherwise, or was occasioned by or Contrivance or Contece through some Contrivance or Confederacy, racy.

All Bread made for Sale,

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty«to e air y mr e, njntj1 Uay of September every Person who shall make for Sale, or sell, expose, or send out, to or for Sale, any Sort of Bread whatsoever, shall, from Time to Time, cause to be fairly imprinted or marked on every Loaf of each respective Sort of Bread which he, he or they, hall make or sell, or

carry out, or expose to or for Sale, the Roman Letters herein after mentioned; that is to say,

the Wheaten Bread wi: h Upon every Loaf of Bread which shall be made, sold, carried out, or exposed to or for Sale, as aiarpe Roman W, and Wheaten Bread, a large Roman. W; and upon every Loaf of Bread which shall be made, sold, carried

Household with, out or exposed to or for Sale, as Household or Brown Bread, a large Roman H; and that every Person who shall make for Sale, or shall sell, carry out or expose to or for Sale, any Loaf of any Sort of Bread, which shall be allowed to be made in pursuance of this Act, which shall not be in order to afeettain unmarked pursuant to the Directions of this Act, so as the same may, on the View thereof, be afeer der what Denomination tained, from Time to Time, under what Denomination or Sort of Bread every such Loaf was made, and ought to be weighed (except as to such Loaves which shall be rasped after the bespeaking or purchasing thereof, by the particular Desire of any Person who shall order the same to be so rasped, for his, her or their own Use or Uses) shall, for every Time he, he or they, shall offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in Manner herein after prescribed, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as any Magistrate or Magiftates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Offender shall be convicted, shall direct, for every Loaf of Bread not marked as hereby is directed.

Bakers demanding or ta

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said

king a higher Brice for twenty-ninth Day of September no Baker, or other Person or Person or Persons shall alk, demand

or take, for any Bread which he, he or they shall sell, or expose to or for Sale, any greater or higher Price than such Bread shall be ascertained to be sold for or at by the Court, Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices, hereby authorised to set the Price and Assize of Bread, within their re or rciuling to Gil to any spective Jurisdictions; and that no Baker, or other Person who shall make any Bread for Sale, shall Ptifon any of the Sorts refuse or decline to sell any Loave or Loaves of any of the Sorts of Bread which, in pursuance of this allowed or ordered to tc a|]owc{] or ordered to be made, to any Person or Persons who shall tender ready Money in Payment for the same, at or for the Price such Bread, by the Assize which, shall have been

set in respetsi thereof, shall be fixed at, or ascertained to be sold for, when any such Baker, or other when he shall have more Person who shall make Bread for Sale, shall have any Loaf of any such Bread in his or their House, Bakihouse, Shop or Possession to be sold, more than shall be requisitefor the immediate necessary Use of his, her or their own Family or Customers; and which it shall be incumbent on such Baker, or other P

it was made, and ought to be weighed,

under Penalty not exceeding 20 s. nor less than 5 s.

Bread, than what the same shall be set at by the Assize;

thin is nrc'.iriry for the iirnncd'n'c l<'fs ul his L a nuly or cu.ltmers;

I

ufon who shall he coir plained of, for refuling or declining to sell any such Bread, to prove before ic Magistrate or Magiflraies, Justice or Justices, to whom any such Complaint shall be made, if

forves not exceeding 40 s. no! less than loi,

thereunto required by the Party or Parties who shall make any such Complaint; upon Pain that every Person who shall be convictul of any such Offence, in Manner herein after prescribed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates,

69

gistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every Time he, she or they, shall so offend and be convicted.

XXVII. Provided further, and it is hereby likewise enacted, That from and after the aid twenty Bread of any inferior ninth Day of September no Person shall sell or offer to Sale, any Bread of an inferior Quality "to Quality to Wheaton, is Wheaten Bread, at a higher Price than Household Bread shall be set at by the Assize; and if any not to be sold ar a hlsher Person shall offend in the Premises, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, on being aeon

vifted thereof, either by his, her or their Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Wit. onpeaa)te,f, os ness or Witnesses, before any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within whose j urifdic '

tion any such Offence shall have been committed, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXVIII. And, that the good Design of this Statute maybe the more effectually accomplished,

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of Magistrates, Justices or September it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, office!mlroferly within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers, nu the da^time^th" 161 thorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Magistrate or Ma Houses^shops, of gistrates, Justice or Justices; and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Eakers, and search for, justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant; at seasonable Times in the Daytime, to enter into and weigh the Bread any House, Shop, Stall, Bakchouse, Warehouse or Outhouses, of or belonging to any Baker, or Sel therein > ler of Bread, to search for, view, weigh and try, all or any the Bread which shall be there found: and may seize such zs And if any Bread, on any such Search, shall be found to be wanting either in the Goodness of the^e ou"dm Stuff whereof the same shall be made, or to be deficient in the due Baking or Working thereof, Weight, ^Ue 3 102 °* or shall be wanting in the due Weight, or shall not be truly marked according to the directions ofor not properly marked, this at, or shall be of any other Sort of Bread than shall be allowed to be made by Virtue of this al; or of any different Sort any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, Peace Officer or Peace Officers, within the than is allowed of Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, may seize the same; and any such Magistrate or Magistrates, and dispose thereof at Justice or Justices, may dispose thereof as he or they, in his or their Discretion shall think fit. their Discretion.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time, after the said Whereany Miiler, meai twenty ninth of September, Information shall be given, on Oath, to any Magistrate or Magistrates, man Baker, shall be Justice or Justices of the Peace, that there is Seasonable Cause to suspect: that any Miller who grinds meaur lour °teratir'3 any Grain for Toll or Reward, or any Person or Persons who doth or do dress, bolt or in any wise

manufacture any Meal or Flour for Sale, or any Maker of Bread for Sale, within the Limits of the jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, doth or do mix up with, or put into, any Meal or Flour ground or manufactured for Sale, any Mixture, Ingredient or Thing whatsoever, not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import and ought to be, or whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour, in the Possession of any such Miller, Mealman or Baker, is or shall be in any wise adulterated; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any the Magistrate, c. upon such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers, au infofmation made thereof thorized by Warrant or Warrants to him or them directed, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and premiffestf ffich^uf '^ Seals of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of their respective Ju pected Person himself, jifditftions; and which Warrant or Warrants every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and and make Search, or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant; at all seasonable Times in the Daytime, to enter may grant a Search war into any House, Mill, Shop, bake house, Stall, bolting house, Pastry, Warehouse or out house, fomcpeaee0t" of or belonging to any such Miller, Mealman or Baker, and to search and examine whether any Mix cer 5 ture, Ingredient or Thing, not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import and ought to be, shall have been mixed up with, or put into, any Meal or Flour in the Possession of any such Miller, Mealman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting, or manufacturing thereof, or whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall in any wise adulterated: And if on any such Search it shall appear that any Offence hath been committed in any and such Meal and Flour Mill, bolting house or other Place allowed to be searched, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; as shall be deemed to then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Magistrate or Magistrates, have been adulterated, Justice or Justices of the Peace, Officer or Officers authorised as aforesaid respectively, within the math? Trd, rii°sfther Limits of them respeeffive Jurisdiction, to seize and take any Meal or Flour which shall be deemed, and ffnjedienti ^andtf on any such Search, to have been adulterated, and all Mixtures and Ingredients which shall be seized by a Peace Officer, sound and deemed to have been used, or intended to be used, in or for any such Adulteration; and s t0je carried before such thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officer or Officers authorised as aforesaid, shall with all a Maslstrate» convenient Speed, after Seizure thereof, be carried to some Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of whose jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized:

if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall make any Seizure if seized by the magi in pursuance of this act, or to whom anything seized under the Authority of this at shall be strate or adjudged by brought, shall adjudge that any Mixture or Ingredients, not the genuine Produce of the Grain any hlin to be aduheiated, such Meal or Flour which shall have been so seized, shall import and ought to be, shall have been put into any such Meal or Flour, or that the Purity of any such Meal or flour so seized, was adulterated by any Mixture or Ingredient put therein; then and in any such Case, every such Magistrate he may dispose thereof as or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their respective he thinks proper 5 jurisdiction, to dispose of the same as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall from time to time think proper.

C 29,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

and the M Her, meal tjnjn, or Baker, in whole bremiftes such mixture or Ingredients shall he found, and ad

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Miller, Meal man, Baker, or Seller of Bread as aforesaid, in whefe House, Mill, Shop, bake house, Stall, bolting house, Pastry, Warehouse, out house, or Possession, any Mixture or Ingredient shall be found, which shall be adjudged by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to have been lodged judged to be intended to there, with an Intent to have adulterated the Purity of Meal, Flour, or Bread, shall, on being con be u'et m adulterating, victed of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction any such Offence shall have been committed, forfeit and pay for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think: fit and order; unless the Party or Parties charged with any such Offence, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall find or seize any such Mixture or Ingredients, or before whom the same shall be brought, that such Mixture or Ingredients was or were not brought or lodged where the same was or were found or seized, with any Design or Intent to have been put into any Meal or Flour, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal or Flour, but that the same was in the Place or Places in which the same hall have been so found or seized as aforesaid, for some other lawful Purpose; ami it shall and maybe lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any An. j — n .11'- -: n 1 out of the Money forfeited, when recovered, to catife the Offen

is to forfeit upon Com vision, not exceeding 10 1. nor Icfs than 40 s

unless it be made appear, rhat the same were not lodged there with such Intention, but for some other lawful Purpose.,

and Part of the Forfeiture may be applied in

Awi: f "'l Offender shall be convicted

and the Offence.

Persons obftnnffing or opposing any Search or Seizure as aforesaid, are to forfeit not exceeding 5 i, nor less than 40 s.

Any Miller, Mealman, or Baker, presuming to act as a Magistrate or

of this ah, forfeits 50l. to the Informer.

Method of Recovery.

der's Name, Place of Abode, and Offence, to be published in some News Paper which shall be printed or published in or near the County, City or Place where any such Offence shall have been committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any j person or Persons

hall wilfully obstruct or hinder any Search as herein before is authorised to be made, or the Seizure of any Bread, or of any Ingredients which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholfomcness of Meal, Flour or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or refill any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Ingredients as aforesaid, or any Bread which shall be seized, as not being made pursuant to this Act, he,

fly or they so doing or offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall on being convicted thereof in Manner herein after prescribed, forfeit and pay for every Offence such Sum, not exceeding five. Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Perfo: i who shall follow, or be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Mealman, or Baker, shall be capa

Justice in \*hc Execution ble of acting, or shall be allowed to act as a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, under this Act, or in putting in Execution any of the Powers in or by this Act granted; and if any Miller, adeal man, or Baker, shall presume so to do, he or they so offending in the Premisses, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; or by way of luminary Complaint before the Court of Session in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Where any Baker shall,

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person

on Complaint, make it w]10 shall carry on or follow the Trade of a Baker, shall at any Time after the twenty-ninth Day

hepwas clwr edxnth^ September make Complaint to any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace and id thefi eiialty'of, within their Jurisdiction, and make appear to them, by the Oath of any credible Witness, that any vas occasioned by the Offence, which any such Person who mall so carry on or follow the said Trade of a Baker shall. wilful Default of his have been charged with, and shall have incurred and paid any Penalty under this Act, shall have Journeyman or Servant, bccn occasioned by or through the wilful Neglect or Default of any Journeyman or other Servant employed by or under any such Person who shall so follow or carry on the said Trade of a Baker; the Magistrate shall issue then and in any such Calc, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may and are ins Wanant for appre hereby required to ifl ue out his or their Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, for handing the Party 5 bringing any such Journeyman or Servant before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the County, City, Riding, Division or Place where the Offender can be found; and on any such Journeyman or Servant being thereupon apprehended, and brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, he or they within their respective Jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorised and required to examine into the Matter of and upon Conviction of such Complaint; and on Proof thereof being upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of any such magis ihcoiience, shall decree trate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear such said Complaint, then any a rcfsonable Retompenee j uch Masristrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby directed and authorised, by any e pai to e a er, Qrcjer un(jcr his or their respective Hand or Hands, to adjudge and order what reasonable Sum of Money shall be paid by any such Journeyman or Servant to his Master or Mistress, as or by way of Recompense to him or her, for the Money he or she shall have paid by reason of the wilful Neglect

and on Nonpayment tlieicof, shall commit ilic Offender:

W 111 |'VI w — J -- J - I / - u

or Default of any such Journeyman or Servant: And if any such Journeyman or Servant lnall neglect or refuse on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of the Sum of Money which any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall order him to pay by reason of such his said wilful Neglect or Default; then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorised and required by Warrant under his or their

Hands

C 29.

27

ling, or any Alderman of the said City, within the said City nuy 7\liej'd; 'n y other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any one of Way, !)"/

nim r /

Hands and Seals, to cause every such Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended and committed to to be kept to hard Lathe House of Correction, or some other Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough or Place in which any such Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or unless Payment U'convicted, to be there kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month from fooatr made, the Time of such Commitment, as to such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall seem reasonable, unless Payment shall be made of the Money ordered after such Commitment, and before the Expiration of the said Term of one Calendar Month.

XXXIV. And for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by Disobedience to this Act, and the Powers herein contained, and disposing of the Money which ih: tll be forfeited by Breach or non observance of any Part of this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Mayor of AH offences against ha the said City of London for the Time b or Liberties thereof; and to and for any

them within their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Boroughs, within their respective Liberties or Jurisdictions, to hear and determine in a summary Way, all Offences committed against Jurisdictions. the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for that Purpose to summon before them, or any of offenders may be sum them within their respective Jurisdictions, any Party or Parties accused of being an Offender or Of monc 5 fenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And in case the Party aceufed shall not and not appearing the re appear on such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default; then upon Oath by any ^?e°e°cufeln^3a credible Witness of any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, apprehended. 6 any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall iilue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices: upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in case Matter of the Complaint he or they shall not appear, on Notice being given to, or left for him or them, at his or their usual Place of Abode, or if he or they cannot be apprehended on a Warrant granted against him or them ot: witneilcs as herein before is directed; then and in any such Case, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, on Oath as aforesaid, and which every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised, impov/ered and required to administer; after hearing of the Parties who shall eor appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, such Magistrate or Magistrates, Juf thereupon qu* tice or Justices shall convict or acquit the Party or Parties accused: if the Penalty, or Money The Penalty on kan forfeited, on any such Conviction, shall not be paid within the Space of twenty-four Hours after payment thereof within any such Conviction, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall thereupon ifine 24 Hours, a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals reflectively, directed to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, impowering him or them to make lsj°j. 1^'stre!s Distress of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders: And if any Offender shall convey Goods and chattels of away his Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices the party/hail be rc before whom he was convicted, or so much thereof that the Penalty cannot be levied, then some moved into another ju magistrate or Justice within whole Jurisdiction the Offender shall have removed his Goods, shall rj<h£hon, the magiftr.ts' back the Warrant granted by any such Magistrate or Justice, Magistrates or Justices; there

thereof is to back the Warrant of Distress.

the Penalty forfeited shall be levied on the offender's Goods and Chattels by Distress and Sale thereof; and if within five Days from the Distress being taken, the Money forfeited shall not and the Distress, if not be paid, the Goods seized shall be appraised and sold, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduct vvltllin

ing the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Prosecution, Distress and Sale to toaneda^jra! e

the Owner; which Charges shall be ascertained by the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Juf charges, 'after settled by tices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the magis the Magistrate, to be trate or Justice who backed the Warrant, if either of them shall continue alive; and if not, by ^edudted thct cout j some other Magistrate or Justice of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place in which the Offender shall have been convicted; and for want of such Distress, then every such Magistrate or Juf cf Distress

tice within whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall reside or be, shall on commiwd^or oat the Application of any Prosecutor. or Prosecutors, and Proof made of the Conviction and Nonpay Month, ment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit every such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the City or County, Riding,

Division or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be found; there to remain for the space unless Payment be of one Calendar ?v/!onth from the Time of such Commitment; unless after such Commitment, Pay lo0nu rruuc* ment shall be made of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, Costs and Charges, before the Expiration of the said one Colendar Month; and all such penalties and Forfeitures, when.recovered, shall be. paid to the Informer.

XXXV. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall lie made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any one within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is likely to give or offer material Evidence on Behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate -cr Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined, and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premises; every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their summons to convene every such Witness and Witnesses before any such magistrate or Magistrates.

justhjex.

Power to summon ms terial Evidences,

272 C 29. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

and of compelling by

Warrant, to appear, such

as shall not appear upon Summons,

Witnesses to be examined on Oath;

a d on Refusal, without just Cause shown.

may be committed for 14 Days, but not lets than 3.

Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form.

Justice or Justices, at such seasonable Time as in such Summons shall be fixed; and if any Person lb summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, and no just Excuse shall he offered for such Neglect or Refusal, then (after Proof by Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned) every such Magistrate and magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Witness or Witnesses before any such Magiff rate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of any such Witness before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to examine upon Oath every such Witness: And if any such Witness on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by y/arrant under his Hand 2nd Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refusing to be examined, to the public Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days, norless than three Days, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall diredh

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by

this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the Lft'edt following

(that is to lay)

[To wit)

in the

majesty's

6 TT) E it remembered, That on this Day of

e JO Year of the Reign of J.'B. is convicted before

e Justices of the Peace for the said County of or for the

or Division of the said County of or for the City, Liberty, or Town of

[as the Case shall happen to be) for and do adjudge him, her

4 [or them) to pay and forfeit for the same, the Sum of

Riding

Given wider

the Day

and Tear aforesaid.

Ko Conviction, or other

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gertiordri, Letters of Proceedings, may be re Advocation, or of Suspension shall be granted to remove any Conviction, or other Proceedings had moved oy Certiorari, c. hereon in pursuance of this Act.

Persons aggrieved by the

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That g ftme or°justice, may any Person convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall think him, her or themselves

appeal to the nex^gene aggrieved by the Judgement of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he, rai or Quarter sessions, (he or they shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty, from time to time, to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter sdfions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Judgement shall have been and Execution of Judge given, and that the Execution of the said Judgement shall in such Case be suspended; Person some nt is to be thereupon c0nvidled, entering into a Recognisance at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient stirc ap^'eiia'ni'is to enter into es n double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condi recognisance, and give tion to prosecute such Appeal with eftedi, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgement and De security, toprosecutethe termination of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter sessions, which Recogni appeal with Effect, &c. 7/dncc the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, ^thejufhees in their an(j are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General and determinecthe Mat Quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Adatter of ter thereof, and award every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid Costs thereupon. by either Party: And if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgement of the Magistrate or Alagi

if the former judgement strates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, be ash med, the Appel affirme(j} such Appellant or Appellants shall immediately paydown the Sum he, die or

foneau°e?and Colts; C they have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs, as the Justices in their laid Ge'ncrul or General Quarter sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, for defrayal on lkauit is to be iuv; the Expenses sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in Default of the appellant's paying the same, any two such Justices, or any one Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, having jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she or they shall refur, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, commit every such Appellant and Appellants to the common Gaol of the County, City, Riding, Division or Place where he, she or they shall be apprehended, until he, she or they shall make Payment of such Penalty, and of the Costs and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Conviction, to the Informer; but if the Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her or their Appeal, and he discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the 11. 1 if the Appellant or Appellants again! (itch Informer or Informers, who would (in case of such Convici"

to, !a, i i, ave ]jccn iniitied to the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; which Costs shall

eurjti.e.i.ii.

I" .1-, jt 1 r re

9 a 1, if tie A] \ fl

U

I1.1 ic iiveirc!

non

t. nil > 1. inrm.cr.

and may be recovt red by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in like Aiaimer as Colls given at any General or General Quarrcr sedions of the Peace are recoverable.

C 29.

rt

there with the General Issue, c. in Bar of fuel

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such If the Conviction flnii Conviction shall happen to be made within six Days before.any General or General Quarter sessions bap?en V' be'* of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, bo rough or Place where such Conviction shall have been made, then the Party or Parties who shall to the Sessions following, think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may, on entering into a Recognisance in Manner and for the Purposes before directed, be at Liberty to appeal either to the then next or the next following General or General Quarter sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for any such County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place, where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Action or Suit which shall Limitation of Actions be brought or commenced against any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or anypeace asaj; ifl; Magnates, and Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, q^s' and i cace shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place where the Matter in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; that the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Act of 24. Geo. a. ex office; and for indemnifying Confables, and others, aiding in Obedience to their Warrants; so far as the tended to Magistrates and said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend Justices acting; under au and be construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices of the Peace thont> 0 tais ct acting under the Authority or in Pursuance of this Act; and that no Action or Suit shall be had or Seven Days Notice to be commenced against, nor shall any Writ be sued out, or Copy of any Writ be served upon any given to Peace Officers, Peace Officer or Officers, for anything done in the Execution of this Act, until seven Days after before the iffijing out any a Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them, at his or their usual Place of action asainst them. Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intending to commence such Action; Notice in Wri Notice to contain the ting shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and paij?e and abod.ofal also of his Attorney, and likewise the Cause of Action or Complaint: And any Peace Officer or tjr, ^7 and Cause of Officers shall be at Liberty, and may by virtue of this Act, at any Time within seven Days after Action, any such Notice shall have been given to, or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered, any Sum Officer may thereupon or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the make Tender of Amends Attorney named in any such Notice; and if the same is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defen a[jd p!ead dants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action o^actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in whiem the Action Action shall be commenced: And if upon issue joined on such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendred to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants: And in every such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action; if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer; or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited^joy this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; and in any such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Costs: pefe"danb r*co^ri"s to if the Jury shall find, that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not fuf 43 owe 1s 0 5'

ficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants, on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded; they shall then give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think pro Plaintiff recovering, inti, per; and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Costs against every such Defendant and De 0 Damases and send ants. 0 s

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be persons sued on this Act, commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defen may plead the General dant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and Iffae» the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have done, or if a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be and obtaining a Verdict, given, upon a Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or defen recover treble costs i dants in every such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs; and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for Recovery of his, her or their Costs.

XLII. Provided always, That no Person shall be convicted, in Manner aforesaid, for any of Prosecution to be com the before mentioned Offences, unless the Prosecution, in order to such Conviction, be commenced enced three within three Days next after the Offence committed. D, s ate the 09.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall General Refeivation not extend to prejudice any Right or Custom of the City of London, or the Practice there used, or of Rights, tny Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leet, to set, inquire, and punish, the Breach of Assize of Bread, within their respective Lects or Views of Frank Pledge, or the Right of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place.

XLIV. Provided further, and it is hereby likewise enacted, That neither this Act, or anything Reservation of Rights of herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom the Dean and High of the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, or the High Steward of the City Steward f of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, or his Deputy, or any of them, to set, ascertain and ap ^vitv^in^he cu^and U'point; the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale within the said berty of Westminster; Vol. VIII N n City

274-

C 30. Anno tricesimo primo gf.orgii II A.D. 1757.

City of jfc/hninster, and the Liberties thereof; but they, and every of them, shall and may severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be Occasion, set, ascertain and appoint, within the said City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this af, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread which shall be made, sold, or

exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons within the Limits of the said City of Westminster, and n punish any Breach the Liberties thereof; and shall and may inquire and punish the Breach of every such Assize and tiiereof* Weight of Bread, as fully and freely in all respects, as they, or any of them, have heretofore

been accustomed to do, and as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Reservation of Rights to

XLV. Provided likewise. That neither this Act, nor anything herein contained, shall extend,

the unr/erfuies ot Ox or 'oe construei] to extend, to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom of the two Universities of Ox

set a^assize^oferejd° for ?r Cambridge or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the withinihcirjurisdictions; Practice within the several Jurisdictions of the said Universities or either of them used, to set, ascertain and appoint, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale within their several Jurisdictions; that they, and every of them, shall and may severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be Occasion, set, ascertain and appoint, within their several and respective jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale by any Baker or other Person whatsoever, within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions; 2nd pun: ft any Breach and shall and may inquire and punish the Breach thereof, as fully and freely in all Respects as they tlcrecr\ used to do, and as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary

Src farther iz Gaz. thereof notwithstanding.

f. i2. and 3 Geo. 2. c. 6

CAP. XXX.

An Act for applying the Money granted by Parliament towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for defraying the Expenses incurred on Accounc of the Militia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

Preamble

WHEREAS the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, upon

Acebunt, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for defraying such Expenses as were actually in curred upon the Account of the Militia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven;order therefore that the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds may be regularly and properly applied; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Upon Certificate of the the Authority of the same, That within fourteen Days after that his Majesty's Lieutenant of any lieutenant or Deputy County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or, in his Absence, Lieutenants of the three Deputy Lieutenants, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or C ^nt v>., 0t, h, etnafury' he High Treasurer for the Time being, that such Proportion of the Number of private Militia of the Proportion ohvkn Men cfany Regiment or Battalion of such County, Riding, or Place, has been chosen or enrolled, required the enrolled, as is by Law required to be chosen or enrolled, before any Pay, Arms, Accoutrements, or cloth before Say, Arms, or ing for the Militia, is allowed to be issued; that the like Proportion of the Number of the Com cloathmgaretobe iitued, mjffion Officers of such Regiment or Battalion have been appointed, and have taken out their com and that the officers millions and entered their Qualifications; the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any also are appointed, three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer, shall issue a Warrant or Order directed to the ordcao th"°rec eiver Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place to make the Ifliic3 General of the County or Payments following; that is to say,

to make the Payments according to the Rates set down;

viz. for Clothing;

for Pay of the Militia fer Months in Advance;

for half a year's Salary to the Clerk of the Battalion;

xnd alfu Allowances to

II. The whole Sum required for Clothing the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each private Man or Drummer; and at the Rate of two Pounds ten Shillings for each Sergeant.

III. And also for the Pay, of the said Militia for four Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant; and at the Rate of one Shilling a Day for each Sergeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Sergeant Major; and at the Rate of six Pence a Day. for each Drummer, with the Addition of three Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Drum Major; and also at the Rate of 011c Shilling for each private Man, with the Addition of six Pence to each Corporal, for every Day in which such private Man or Corporal shall be respectively employed in the Militia.

IV. And also half a year's Salary for the Clerk of each Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year.

And also to pay the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to fav.

V To

I

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 30, 275

V To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of live Pounds five Shillings for each the Clerk of the Cental

Meeting; '_ Meetings;

VI. And, to the several Clerks of the subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shil to the Clerks of the

ling for each Meeting. Subdivision Meetings.

All which said Sums of Money, except such as shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings tile mn to Paul aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General into the Hands of the Clerk or tt '^c!erk of clit at "Clerks of the Battalion or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon "10111 his or their producing his or their Warrant of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for such County, Riding, or Place, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Battalion of Battalions filial have been ap ^nce°to*

pointed to consist; also within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Month from the be mlde within^month* Lime of the said first Payment, to make a second Payment for four Months, in Advance, for the after.

Pay of the Militia, and Clerks of Battalions aforesaid, in the proportions before mentioned; and clerk's receipi^tobe a the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers Discharge for the Sums General, for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid. so paid.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Battalion of Militia, shall forthwith, after the Clerk to pay from time

Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid to the Captain or Command to time 2 Months Pay ing Officer of each Company belonging to such Battalion, two Months Pay in Advance for his re, to thecap spective Company, and so from time to time, so long as any Money on that Account shall remain ca'ns' .,

in his Hands; which Pay the said Captain or Commanding Officer is hereby' required to distribute ^m°e\o'their compa ni e s'; to each Person belonging to his Company, by this at entitled to receive the same, as it shall become and renderan Account due; and shall give in to the Clerk of the Battalion to which such Company shall belong, an Account thereof to the clerk, and of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act; and shall pay back to the said pay back the Surplus Clerk the Surplus, if any, of the Moneys by him from time to time received, and then remaining Moneys.

in his Hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk may and shall retain to his own Use out of Clerkt0 dcta!n in the Money so by him received, such Sums as are herein before allowed for his Salary, and shall also <sa^1r°n.ey torhls p$y and discharge such Sums of Money as shall be due and owing for or on account of the Cloth 0"'!' a, 3rj '

ing of the said Militia, not exceeding the Rates herein before mentioned, to such Person or Persons qoa hin*' 1 s r as shall produce an Order from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from the Commanding Officer of such Battalion, for that Purpose.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers General shall pay to the Clerk of the Allowance to be paid to

General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, upon^Clerk of the General his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or three Deputy eetlngs' Lieutenants, assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every jg0, 7

the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of one Pound one Shil to tj, e clerks of the sub ling for each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy division Meetings, upon Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Or producing a like Order tiers shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such from the Deputy Lieu allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account. tenants.

Orders to be a Discharge to Receivers General.

X Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Battalion of Militia shall give Southeast Clerks of the Militia to curity to the good Liking of his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to whichglve Secum' 5

such Battalion fihail belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall from time to time

have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the trust hereby in him

reposed; shall, between the Feast Days of Saint Michael the Archangel and Saint John the Evan and to df1, ver je p s"

gelift in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, deliver to the Receiver or f eceivers m^haeimatand 27 dv

General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Battalion shall belong, cember Account of their

a fair Account in Writing of all Moneys by him received and disbursed in pursuance of this Act, Receipts and Disburse

with proper Vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the said Receiver or Receivers General ents> and pay back the

any Surplus that shall be then in his Hands; which said Accounts shall be signed by the said Clerk, Aurplus'

and transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax into the Office of the tedtnto the audkor's*

Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer. Office.

XI. And whereas in the Course of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, several Lieutenants to pay the Expenses were incurred on account of the Militia; Be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant of Expenses incurred the any County, Riding, or Place, wherein any such Expenses have been incurred, shall be and is, aft Year

hereby empowered and directed to satisfy such Demands on that Account, as to him filial! appear |00ja^cco', nt the Ml reasonable; and to draw on the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, and '0 dfawon there riding, or Place, for such Sum of Money, as shall have been paid, or shall be due on that Account; ceivers Ceneral for the which laid Draught shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General a sufficient Discharge for the Sums so paid, or due. Payment of such Sum of Money, and be allowed in his or their Account. Draught to be a Discharge

for the lame.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or npfec to be paid for

paid for or upon account of any Warrant, or any Sum of Money which shall be issued in re! a Warrant or lion to, or in pursuance of, this A, oney*

PAP. XXXL

2

frcir.'.bltfj

300, 000 i. granted o; t of" the Surpluses of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year 1758 and to be issued by the Treasury accordingly,

93, 371-1. IIS. 7 <3.

3 q. Surplus Moneys remaining in the Exchequer of the said Fund for the Quarter ending 10 October.

492, 400]. like Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, for the quarter ending 5 April 1758,

to be issued towards the said Supply.

1, 606, 076 1. 5 s. 1 d.

1 q. to be issued, in like Manner, out of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, towards the said Supply,

To case of 7/jnt, trca f.iry may occasionally borrow Money on the Credit of the Sinking Fund j

and repay the fnmequir Ccrly, with Interest.

C 31. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 17 5 7;

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, For the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for empowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed j and for obliging the Retailers of Wines, commonly, called sweelsy or Made fvines, to take out a Wine Licence.

t

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, byways and Means the least burdensome to your majesty's subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sums herein.' after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as have arisen, or shall or may arise, and' be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former act or acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied a Sum not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's 1 reasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any three or more of, the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of ninety three thousand three hundred and seventy one Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, remaining, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament for the public Service, of the Incom? of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, composing the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall and may be, in like Manner, issued and applied at the said Receipt, for and towards the said Supply.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of four hundred ninety-two thousand and four hundred Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament for the public Service, of the Income of the Surplusses^ Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the fitfh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, shall and may be in like Manner issued and applied at the said Receipt, for and towards, the said Supply.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as shall from time to time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, composing the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former af or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may in like Manner be issued and applied, a further Sum not exceeding one million six hundred and six thousand and seventy six Pounds five Shillings aitd one Penny Farthing, for and towards the said Supply.

V. And whereas it may happen, that there may be a want of Money for carrying on the current. Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, before Moneys sufficient may have arisen into the Exchequer, from the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, to satisfy and pay the said Sum of one million six hundred and six thousand and seventy six Pounds five Shillings and one Penny Earthing, by this Aift granted; in such Case' it shall and may. be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury. any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands, to permit, and suffer any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend unto his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Exchequer, so much Money as, together with the Moneys then remaining in the said Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, shall he wanting to complete the said Sum of one million LIX hundred and six thousand and seventy six Pounds five Shillings and one Penny Farthing, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said. Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afr tcrwarjs arise, together with Interest for the Forbearance thereof in the mean Time j. anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 31. 277

VI. And whereas several Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets, and likewise for Annuities of diverse Kinds, payable at or near the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer (as also several Receipts of the Cashiers of the governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some of them, for Money contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities trahsferrable in the Books of the said Governor and Company, have by Casualty or Mischance been lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, which Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, of the respective Denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf'; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear by Affidavit to be made, before any of the Ba Proper Officers to make rons of the jexchequer for the Time being (who shall interrogate the Deponent thereupon) to the forth Duplicates of Ex satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer Bills, or any such Tickets, Certifi chequer Bills, Tickets, cates. Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, as aforesaid, before the first Day of August one arttuir^lder^'/nd' thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, have been, or are lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or other orders/in lieu of that there be good reason to believe the same have been burnt, lost, or otherwise destroyed it shall such as ffiaii appear, upon and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue or make forth such Ex Affidavit before the ba chequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, or to pay or dif rons of the Exchequer, charge the same, or to issue any Moneys due or payable thereupon, upon producing a Certificate Jea^0 burnr'

from any of the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him (which Affidavit the said Barons, or^/j0^ che Moneys any of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby re d"e thereon *quired to make and Grant without Fee or Reward); and on Security given to the said respective Of the person3 titled ficers and Persons to their gopd Liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons what thereto, giving proper soever, for or concerning, the Moneys specified in, or due upon, such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket Security of iwlemnifica or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts; Order or Orders, they the said Persons tion» respectively, shall, and are" hereby required, to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets,

Certificates, Receipts, and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay and discharge

the same, and all such Interest as is or shall be due on any of them carrying Interest, or to make

forth Stock or transferrable Annuities in lieu of such Receipts as he or they should have paid or discharged,

or made forth on the said original Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders,

or other Orders, if the same had. been produced, and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money, )n their respective Accounts; and in all Cases where the signing of the Comif -

ftoners of his. majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, -,

is necessary for making the said Duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the Purposes aforesaid; - of of the,

is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Treasury empowered to

majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, f'g'n such Duplicates.

to lign such Duplicates accordingly.

VII. And whereas by an Act pahed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant Recital of Clacfes in A ing to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases. Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon 3° Geo. 2.

News Papers, Advert: fements, and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing jvine; and upon Coals ex to Foreign Parts; and for applying, from a. certain Lime, the Sums of Money artfing from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sum of three millions, by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Afi made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; an I for enlarging the Lime for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Centra ft s of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrasts of Clerks and Apprentices \ It was among other Things enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Person whatsoever, unless authorised and enabled by taking out such Licence as is therein prescribed, subject to the Payment of such Duties as are therein respectively charged thereupon, should sell or utter by retail (that is) by the Pint, Quart, Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or lesser retail Measure, or in Bottles, in any less Quantity than should be equal to the Measure of the Calk or Vessel in which the same should have been, or might lawfully be imported, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds: And whereas great Frauds might easily be practised in case the Retailers of certain Liquors made in this Kingdom, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, should not be equally with the Retailers of other Kinds of Wine, obliged to take out such Licences as aforesaid, for retailing Wine;

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July one Retailers of wfnsscall thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Person' whatsoever, unless he be authorised and enabled ed Sweets, or Made by having taken out such Licence as by the said Act is prescribed, subject to the.payment of such )Vin: s'e to take out a Duties as are therein respectively charged upon such Licences to sell Wine by Retail, shall sell or lfc^ce'^utter by any retail Measure, or in Bottles in any Quantity less than twenty^five Gallons, any Kind \ 'l\f

of Liquor made in Great Brieaih, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Foreign Fruit or, Q Geo. a. C 17. Sugar, or from.british Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or sugar mixed with any other Ingredients, commonly called Sweets, os Made Wines: .\ or any Kind of Liquor made, in Great Britain, and known, by the Name of Sweets, os Made Wines, of whatfce ver materials, or in whatsoever Manner, the i0ol. Penalty on ret»h same may be made, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence ore hundred Pounds; to be reco ii.g such Wmc* tuinw. vered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties for selling Wine by Retail, without Licence, 3 Licence, are by the said Act to be recovered and apjfiied.

CAP. XXXII.

2js C 3 2i Anno tricesimo priino Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act For repealing the Duty granted by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Silver Plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked, in Great Britain, and for granting a Duty on Licences, to be taken'" out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and for discontinuing all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported, and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate.

R'f< 1' is Ed 1. St. ». cffi the Drawbacks upon Hops exported for Ireland; and for Payment of Annuities to be purchased

C 20. a 11. 6. cv14i °ftey e Bate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament \ 4 H. 7. C a. 18 El. and for appropriating Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts e.ie. 8 CD IV, 3. C 8. and warrants of the Officers of we South Sea Company \ and for explaining a late Act concerning Foreign Salt, cellared and locked up, before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and to give a further Time for paying Duties on certain Apprentices Indentures; and for Relief of Thomas Vernon Esquire, in relation to a Parcel of Senna imported in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, It was amongst other Things enacted, That there Should be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid unto, and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successorsy.for ever (subject nevertheless to such Redemption as in and by the said act was afterwards provided in that Behalf) for and upon all Silver Plate which should be made or wrought in Great Britain, or at any Time or Times from and after the first Day of fune one thousand seven hundred and twenty, Should or ought to be touched, allayed or marked, in Great Britain, as is before in the said act mentioned, a Duty after the Rate of six Pence for every Ounce Troy, and proportionally for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Makers or Workers thereof respectively; and diverse Provisions and Directions are contained in the said Act for and in Relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said Duty for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas the Methods prescribed for ascertaining and collecting the said Duty, and for preventing Frauds therein, have been found ineffectual to secure the Payment thereof, and the said Duty hath by Reason of various Frauds and Evasions for some Years past greatly decreased, and is now inefficient to answer the Purposes for which the same was granted; We, your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Public to repeal the said Duty, and in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty the Duty upon Licences herein after mentioned: And therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of fune one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the said Duty granted by the said act made in the sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, of six Pence per Ounce Troy, for and upon all Silver Plate made or wrought in Great Britain, or which ought to be touched, assayed, or marked, in Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and, that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations established and prescribed by the said recited A, or by any other act or acts of Parliament, for or in Relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said Duty, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in Execution, save only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears which may at that Time rc the Recovery ot Arrears, main unpaid of the said Duty, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon and Penalties incur.cd or at any Time before the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said Duty by this Act repealed, there shall, from and after the fifth Day o(july one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of forty Shillings for every Licence to be taken out in Manner herein after mentioned, by each Person trading in, selling, or vending Gold or Silver Plate.

Traders in, and Venders

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of ot Plate to take out such July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who now, or at iy|c£ntct' any Time or Times hereafter, doth or shall trade in, vend or sell, any Gold or Silver Plate, shall

presume by him, her or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, employed by him, her or them, for his, her or their Benefit, either publicly or privately to trade in, vend or sell, any Gold or Silver Plate, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner hereafter mentioned, before he, she or they, shall trade in, vend or sell, any such Gold or Silver Plate, for which he, flic 01 they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for such Licence, the Sum of forty

Shillings,

Former Duty on Plate repealed j

and all Powers, tec. relating the icto j

except with respect to

'ena

before 1 June 175s.

Duty on i.icences granted in Litu thereof.

3

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32. 279

Shillings, in Manner following; that is to say, If such Licences be taken out in London, Westminster, Licences within the i.i or in any other Parts within the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then mitj: of, the Chief Office such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commis be grantcaytwoof The sioners for the Duty of Excise for the Time being; and the Duty for the same shall be paid at the Commissioners, and the Chief Office of Excise in London, or at any other Place, and to such Person or Persons as the Laid Duty to be paid there, c. Commissioners for the Time being shall appoint to deliver out such Licences, and to receive the Laid Duty; but if such Licences shall be taken out without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences in other Phces, to be shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within granted by the Coilcdors their respective Collections and Districts, and the Duty for the same shall be paid by all and every so^th^distridb °and the the Persons so taking out such Licences at the Office of Excise next adjoining to the Place where Duty to be pajd at the they respectively reside or inhabit, or at any other Place, and to such Persons as his Majesty's Com next Office, missioner of Excise for the Time being shall appoint to deliver out such Licences, and to receive the said Duty; and in case such Licences be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, Licences within the li such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commis mts of the City of edm ftoners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and the Duties for the same shall be paid at the ^urep' to be Srantedby Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, in the same Manner as is herein before directed in Regard to excisel^cothn^and the Licences to be taken out in London, Westminster, or in any other Parts within the Limits or Ju the Duty to be paid at rifdidtion of the Chief Office of Excise in London; but if such Licences shall be taken out in any the Chief Office of Excise other Part of Scotland, without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the there 5 Hands and Seals of the Several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respect!n other Places in scot tive Collections and Districts; and the Duties for the same shall be paid in like Manner as is herein con'ft00roeasnrdnsu^e^viche before directed with regard to the Licences to be taken out in England, without the Limits or Juris fs of Excise forvhe di diction of the Chief Office of Excise in London; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, and fhia, and the Duty to be the Persons appointed by them respectively, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby paid at the next Office, respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences to all Persons applying for Licences to be granted to the same, upon their Payment of forty Shillings for each Licence. All Persons applying,

upon paying the Duty of

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall p°e^licenc t betake take out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence ten anj'^newed every Days at least before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after the taking out the first Licence, yeari

before he, she or they do presume to trade in, vend or sell any Gold or Silver Plate, and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of forty Shillings for each and every new or renewed Licence, at the Places, and at the Times before mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, presume or offer to trade in, vend or sell any Gold, or Silver Plate, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly, in Manner aforesaid, he, she or they on Penalty of forfeiting shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds for each Offence. L

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Duty remitted on Plate the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Duty shall be paid for, or unfinished and not fit for in respect of, any Quantity of Silver Plate which hath been, or shall be, entered upon the Books of use before 1 June S the Excise Officers, and which shall not be finished and fit for Use before the said first Day of June;

but that the Persons in whose Names such Entries are or shall be made, shall be exonerated from all Duty upon such Plate, or so much thereof, as they shall produce to the Officers of Excise, after the said Day, unfinished and not fit for Use.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons using the Trade of Persons deemed Trader selling or vending Gold or Silver p late, or any Goods or Wares composed of Gold or Silver, or any in>and vender30f Plate, Goods or Wares rn which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured; and also all Persons employed to sell any Gold or Silver Plate, or any such Goods or Wares aforesaid, at any Auction or e

Public Sale, or by Commission, shall respectively be deemed Traders in, Sellers or venders of Gold or Silver Plate, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall take out a Licence for the same.,

VII. Provided always, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on their Trade or Business in in Copartnerffiip*, where one House, Shop or Tenement only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any Trade is carried on in one

one Year, for the carrying on such Trade or Business; that no Licence for trading in, selling only one Liceiice or vending Gold or Silver Plate, 'shall authorise and empower any Person or Persons to whom the 1s. u clent' same may be granted, and who shall sell such Gold or Silver Plate in Shops, to trade in, sell or vend house^&c for such Gold or Silver.plate, in any other Shop or Place, except in such Houses or Places thereunto which it was granted, belonging, wherein he, 'file or they shall inhabit and dwell, at the Time of granting such Licence, or in Booths or Stalls at Fairs or Markets.,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Duties to be paid over Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, all the Money arising by the said Duty on^lromall^offier btan licences (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time 0r°e ()u°hlick re to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart venucs, and to be applied from all other Branches of the public Revenues; and are hereby appropriated, and shall be ap to the same uses as the plied to the same. Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner, as the said Duty hereby repealed is, by Duty on the said Act made in the sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, appropriated unto and directed to be applied, subject to such Redemption as is mentioned, in the said act with respect to the said

Duty

28o

2.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

A.D.

*7 57'

Surplus Moneys to be re Duty; and if any Surplus shall remain of the Produce of the said Duty hereby granted, after such served for the futuredii Uses and Purposes are answered and satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that pur poiition of Parliament. pgfe? such Surplus shall be reserved for the future Disposition of Parliament.

No Drawback to be al

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that.no Drawback whatsoever shall be lowed on Exportation of auowej or paid, upon, for or in respect of the Exportation of any Silver Plate which shall have been, or shall be, imported into or made, wrought or manufactured in this Kingdom, either before, on or after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and which shall be entered for Exportation after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; any former Act or abos Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not ^iver Lace, Silver Vire, extenj tq subject any Person or Persons to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for or in respect of, his, her

thrm.i nr b not. J r 11 i J n J r t i 7

or their trading in, idling or vending Gold or Silver Lace, or Gold or Silver Ware, Thread or Fringe, without taking out such Licence as aforesaid; to repeal or alter any Drawbacks or Allowances now payable upon the Exportation of any such Lace, Wire, Thread or Fringe; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prosecutions for the Reco

Traders, kz. in Gold or

Thread or Fringe, not obliged to talcs out Licences.

Prosecutions for Recovery of Penalties,

very of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be heard, adjudged and determined, either by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred there, or in such Manner and Form as hereafter is directed; that is to say. All Prosecutions for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred for Offences committed against this Act, within the Limits or Jurisdiction of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall and may be heard, adjudged and determined, by any three or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and in case of Appeal from the Judgement of the said Commissioners (and not otherwise) shall be heard, adjudged and determined, by the Commissioners for Appeals for the Time and in Cases of Appeals, being, or the major Part of them, whose Judgement therein shall be final; and all Prosecutions for by the Commissioners for£ecovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred for Offences committed within all or any other the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Towns or Places, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall and may be heard, adjudgded and determined, by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and if either the Informers or Defendants shall think themselves aggrieved by the Judgement given by such Justices, it shall and may be lawful for every such Informer or Defendant, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter session to be held in and for the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, where the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear, adjudge and determine the same, and whose Judgement therein shall be final; and the said Commissioners for Excise, and Commissioners for Appeals (in case of Appeal) and all Justices of the Peace aforesaid, respectively, are hereby authorised and required, upon Complaint or Information, upon Oath, exhibited and brought before them respectively as aforesaid, of the Commission of any Offence against this Act (which Oath the said Commissioners, and Justices of the Peace respectively, are hereby authorised to administer) to summon the Party or Panics accused; upon the Appearance or Contempt of any Person or Persons so summoned, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the per tion f the Manerot j qn of persons f0 summoned, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which ac, an give ju gm, tkey said Commissioners and Justices respectively have hereby Power to administer) to give

Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands respectively, for the levying of such Penalties or Forfeitures upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, and to cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed and for want of Distrefe, within fourteen Days; rendering to such Person or Persons the Overplus (if any be) and for want to commit the Party. of fuffrcient Distress, to imprison the Party or Parties offending, till Satisfaction be made.

Application of the Pe

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be recove naliics and Forfeitures. rcc]^ fr any Offences committed against this Act (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be distributed, one Moiety thereof for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him, her or them, who shall inform or fuc for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plantift shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall he given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover T reble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and if such action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall allow the Defendant to plead this Act on his Defence; and if the Purfutr shall not insist on his Action; or if Judgement shall be given against such Pursuer, the

Defender

If incurred within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to be heard and determined by three of the Commissioners:

Prosecutions within other Counties and Places, to be heard and determined by two justices;

in Cases of Appeal, by the Justices at their Quarter session.

Commissioners and Justices empowered to summon Offenders;

and upon their Appearance, or Contempt, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of

and award Execution thereupon;

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Defendants Plea in Action brought in Scotland

Defendant recovering, allowed his Expectci.

0 7 o - '

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. C

Defender shall and may recover the full and ical Expenses he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit.

XIV. And whereas by a Clause in an act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver tvares; every Person who should call, forge or counterfeit, any of the Marks or Stamps of the Goldsmiths Company in London, or any of the Marks or Stamps appointed to be used for marking Wrought Plate at York, Exeter, bri/lol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne, or any Mark, Stamp or Impression, to resemble any Mark, Stamp or impression, to be made with any Mark or Stamp to be used by the said Company in London, or by the Wardens or Assayers at any of the Other Places aforesaid, in pursuance of the said at, or any other Acts of Parliament then in Force; or Mark or Stamp with any such counterfeit Mark or Stamp, any Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Wares of Brass, or other base Metal, silvered or gilt over, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver; or transpose or remove from one Piece of wrought Plate to another, or to any Vessel of such base Metal, any of the Marks, Stamps or impressions, made or to be made, with any of the Marks or Stamps of the said Company, or of the said Wardens or Aflayers, used, or to be used, in pursuance of the said or any other Ail then in Force; or cause or procure any of the said Offences to be committed, or sell, exchange, or expose to Sale any Manufacture of Gold or Silver, or export the same with any such forged, counterfeit, or transposed Adark, Stamp or Impression, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or transposed, was made liable for every Offence, to the Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds; and for Default of Payment, to Imprisonment, in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas notwithstanding the Penalty or Punishment infliited by the said Clause, great Quantities of Gold and Silver Plate of a base and inferior Standard, with such forged, counterfeit or tranposed Alarks, Stamps and Impressions, are now frequently vended in this Kingdom, and also exported to foreign Parts; and it is necessary that all Persons guilty of such Practises for the future, should be subjected to exemplary Punishment, in order to deter, as far as may be, the corn mi ffion of Offences, manifestly tending to the Detriment of the fair Trader, and the Diminution of the Wealth, the Credit, and the Commerce of this Kingdom; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, be, and is hereby repealed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, shall caff, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be caff, forged or counterfeited, any Alark or Stamp used, or to be used for making Gold or Silver Plate in pursuance of the said at, or of any other Act or acts of Parliament now in Force, by the Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, at York, Exeter, bri/lol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall call, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be call, forged or counterfeited any Mark, Stamp or Imprellon, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Impression, made or to be made, with any Mark or Stamp, used or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the said Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Wares of Brass, or other base Metal, silvered or gilt over, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver, with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, at any Time either before, on, or after the said fifth Day of July, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldmiths in London, or by the said Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed from one Piece of Wrought Plate to another, or to any Vessel of such base Aletal as aforesaid, any Mark, Stamp or Impression, made or to be made, by or with any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the said Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall sell, exchange, or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any Wrought Plate of Gold or oilver, or any Vessel of such base Adetal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Impression thereon, or any Mark, Stamp or Impression, which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any other Piece of Plate, at any Time either before, on or after the said fifth Day of July, knowing such Mark Stamp, or Impression, to be forged, counterfeited or transposed, or removed as aforesaid; shall wilfully and knowingly have, or be possessed of, any Adark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, at any Time, either before, on or after the said fifth Day of July, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used, or to be used as aforesaid, by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the said Wardens, or Assayer or Aflayers, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; every such Person offending in any, each, or either of the Cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

o Q 2

a — I

p.eciui! of Clause in A IZ Geo. z, zo.

The recited Clause repealed.

Penalty of forging or counterfeiting the Stamp used for marking Plate, in pursuance of the recited Act of u Geo. 2. c. 26. c. by the Goldsmiths Company, &c.

or of marking Plate, with a forged or counterfeited Stamp;

or of transposing the Mark imprelted from one Vessel to another;

or of selling or exporting Plate with a forged, counterfeit, or transposed Mark;

or of having any such Stamp in Possession;

is Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

amer.ded by 32 Geo. 2. c. 24.

282

C 33-

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned j ard for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

r. can?we. C E your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration your majesty's most gra

cious Message, signifying your majesty's Deftre, to be enabled by your faithful Commons, to de

fray any extraordinary Expenses of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of your majesty's Enemies, and as the

s-03, coi. granted to Exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of

II. Majesty. 4 eight hundred thousand Pounds for that Purpose; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful

h Majesty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign to ?nd for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Ma tirne before nual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time

5 Jan. 1759, authorise the

nual, to autnoriie and empower

being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any commissioners of the Time or Times before the fifth Day of 'january one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to cause Treasury to raise the said or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Per sum, other by Loans, fons? Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer

or Exchequer Bills;

Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the Laid Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; in the same

in the noie, the said hum or eight nunarea thouiana rounds; in or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in in the same Manner as is and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to preferred, concerning his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder mid Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand Loans or Exchequer Bills, fez en hundred and fifty-eight; are enabled and prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills vrlion (Valt act f 'to taben of made in pursuance of the said Act.

All Chiufcs, Provifces,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, provi and Powers' Src. in the foes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said

laid

to

Act, relatin Loans and Exchequer eiip, exic idsd to this Act.

I xttptlon.

last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

ht Money fors.fod, to And ke further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer

rvv Su °ics* a^if together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same,

iv/ie be grant'd before shall he, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the C ju'y 1759. then to be first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient

CAIO. out OS 1 ucd;

the Sinking

sod the Morjcs fc be idutd ihcrecut accordingly.

Mo n'rs issued out of the

Sinking Fund, to be re f Jared cut of the fnft Supplies.

Moneys arigog Into the k>thrqier by the Milt Act.

3 L Oca.

Aids or Supplies for that Purpose, shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off", cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off', cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so ifi ued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, shall from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium,

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 33. 283

Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other al of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax Land Tax, to be raisied in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and 31 Gce z' c 4* for enforcing the Payment of the Rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all th Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same al, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities and a Lottery, granted by one other al of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates Annuity and Lottery and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, and for raising qco 2 e, the Sum of five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and also and also the Sum of the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Moneys as shall or may arise of the Sur 300, 0001. granted out of plusses, excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other Funds, composing the Fund commonly called The the Sinking Fund, by n Sinking Fund, directed to be issued and applied by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, in this se.hon,

tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Ser eo' c 3 vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and for empowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be lojl, burnt, or otherwise defrayed; and for obliging the Retailers of jvines, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence; and also the Sum of ninety three thousand three hundred seventy one Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, re

and 93, 371 1. ns. 7d, 3q. Surplus rein the Exchequer ot

maining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, disposeable by Parliament, of the Produce of or the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and thrsinkin 'fund, ufor<the fifty seven, by the said Act directed to be issued and applied; and also the Sum of four hundred Quarter ended 10 Oc" ninety-two thousand four hundred Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, remaining in the re too. 1757; and ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, disposeable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, 49z>+°oi Ss 3 d Sur on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by the said Act directed to be th^said Fundin'6 °' issued and applied; and also the Sum of one million six hundred and six thousand seventy six 5 April 175s; and Pounds five Shillings and one Penny Farthing, by the said Act directed to be issued and applied, out 1, 606, 0761. 5s. id. iq. of such Moneys as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other Redirected to be issued out venues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and the further Sum of eight hun th s "rplu(fes of the dred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appro goo 0001'b^this Act priated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; that is to say, It is granted are appropriated hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies in general, viz. out of all provided as aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not or any the k, d Supplies, exceeding three millions five hundred forty-four thousand four hundred twenty-one Pounds five Shil any suti^1"j0c 's^d'^or lings and eight Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly expressed; is Naval services herein to say, For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling the re exp; C Ted; of, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy; and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards maintaining fourteen thousand eight hundred and fortyfive Marines; and for or towards the Buildings, re buildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the said Year.

VI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 300, 0001. towards pav supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex ln.eoft the Debt of the ceeding three hundred thousand Pounds towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy. nav v 5

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or io, ooool. towards build supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex, the hi spital for Sick ceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for Sick and Wounded^or "unde near Seamen, building at Hafiacr near Gofiport, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight. pr

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex iooooj towards build ceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for Sick and ing the Hospital for Sick Wounded Seamen building near Plymouth, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty and Wounded near Freight. " mouth.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at0, 0001. upon Account, Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become ^wdrjs.tl., e of

decrepit in the Service of their Country.«Greenwidl holp.tal;

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred ninety one thousand eight hundred seven Pounds seven Shillings and threepence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven u!ran 1u hundred and fifty-eight, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament,

391, 807l. 75. 3d. for Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Lind

O 0 2

284.

A 032, 772 1. 3 S. 0 d. iq for Land Forces, c. in general; V z. 1.253, 3621. 18s. 6d. thereof, for Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and !.rd Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and

jerfev; 37, 45*l-

C 33. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of ail or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be«issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four millions thirty-two thousand seven hundred seventy two Pounds three Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million two hundred fifty-three thousand three hundred and sixty eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and six Pence, for defraying the Charge of fifty-three thousand seven hundred and seventy t f r Pa of the Ge even effective Men, including Commission and non commission Officers, and also four thousand r.tral, and ger.cril S: aff and eight Invalids for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great bri i tr.cer. See. tain, Guernsey and ferfey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or

613, 7041. or 2d. for Sums of Money not exceeding thirty seven thousand four hundred fifty-two Pounds three Shillings j n 7 he^tantati"d* n, r°ur e, Tce' fr the ay the *eneral and General Staff Officers of the Hospitals for his ma g.trauar^ana°rrevi jesty's Land Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight 5 and any Sum or fions for the Garrisons in Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred twenty-three thousand seven hundred four Pounds and Nova Scc: ia, newfound two Pence, for maintaining his majeilv's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Gibraltar, land, g.braltar, and Pro an(] for provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Providence, for the v.dmr, a n6a, i. as. year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sums or Sums of Adoney not exceeding forty-three thousand nine hundred sixty eight Pounds four billings and twopence, for defraying the Charge of four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America and the East Indies, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of, Money not exceeding thirty-five thousand six hundred and two Pounds, upon Account of the re

ofscer* of°h\^uce^ Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred Forces and Marines and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Aloney not exceeding three thousand ninety-eight Pounds 3, 0981. 17s. nd. Al seventeen Shillings and eleven Pence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers lowance to the Officers and Private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced; and to the superannuared Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Aloney not exceeding two thousand two hundred and twenty six Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty six thousand Pounds, upon Account, for Out pensioners of iejooool.upon Account, Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred fortyfive thousand four hundred fifty-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and one Farthing, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and i45>45H- i_s* iq ?or other Services, incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and not provided iajr. X, ences f0(. par]jan; ent; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-eight thousand three hundred sixty Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings, for defraying the Charge of two thousand one hundred and twenty Horse, and nine thousand and nine hundred Foot, together with 38, 36c!. 19s. 10d. 3q. the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to for iroopsof th Land^Df Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejje cajj'el^ in the Pay of Great Britain for sixty Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the twenty second Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the Laid Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Mo

vidence; 43, 968l. 4 s zd. sot the four Regiments of so )t on the Irish Establishment serving in North America and the East Indies;

nd Private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Ho fe reduced, and fi.ptrannuaud Gentlemen nf the four Troops of Horse Guards; 2, 226 I for Pay of Widows Pensions;

for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital,

cttraordinary Expos the Land Forces, and aether Services incurred in 17 157, not provide I for;

grave ot helte Caficl, in the Pay o. Great Britain, i m 25 Dec 1757, to 22 Feb. 1758; toge

there with the subsidy for ney not exceeding thirty-eight thousand three hundred sixty Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten

the aid lime pur pence three Farthings, ...'" '

luant to Treaty; ,

38, 360!- 1 s. led. 3 q.

for defraying the Charge of two thousand one hundred and twenty Horse, and nine thousand and nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the offi ior defra.i g the change cers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of of the G e tro ps, and the Landgrave of Hcfe cajjel in the Pay of Great Britain for sixty Days, from the twenty-third

lit, to the twenty-third Day of April fol said Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any

y five thousand one hundred and seventy

to/eefray ng th remain five Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of what remains to ing Chaigc of the said be paid for two thousand one hundred and twenty Horse, and nine thousand and nine hundred Foot, Troops na Subsidy, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others 2^4 dec517^8, ^ncyu'r.v'c0; belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajpl in the Pay of

loc, oooo 1. upon Acrourt,

Great Britain for three hundred and sixty five Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one rewards fui fifeng and thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven k« ping together thar. hundred and fifty-eight, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant l7m7ctvi iio ll" to Ticaty > antl ai, y Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, upon Dorn 7cn/. employed in Account, as a prefimt Supply in this critical Exigency, towards enabling his Majesty to subsist and tot, cin with 1 hr King keep together the Army formed last Year in his Electoral Dominions, and now again put into Mo

concert with the King of Prujfa; sixty three thousand eighty-four thirty-eight thousand Men of the

r, ».. Buckkeburgh, together with that of

if(nmert wub ibr King General and Staff Officers, actually employed against the Common Enemy, in concert with the feud; imw Nv. King ot P ruff a, Iroin the twenty-eighth of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, 7s7> i to

I

ss o 00

to the twenty-fourth of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, inclusive; to be iitued in Advance every, two Months, in like Manner as the Pay of the Hejfian Forces, now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops to be maltered by an English commipi ary, and the effective State thereof to be also ascertained by the Signature of the Commander in Chief of the said Forces; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred eighty six thousand nine hundred and fifteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and twopence, in full Satisfaction for defraying the Charges of Forage, Bread Wagons, Train of Artillery, and Train of Provisions, Wood, Straw, et cetera, and all other extraordinary Expenses, Contingences, and Lodes whatsoever, incurred and to be incurred, on account of his Majesty's Army, confiding of thirty-eight thousand Men, actually employed against the Common Enemy, in concert with the King of Prussia, from the twenty-eighth Day of November last, the twenty-fourth Day of December next, inclusive 3 the said Sum to be iitued, from time to time, in like Proportions as the Pay of the said Troops 3 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention between his Majesty and the Krng of Prussia, concluded April the eleventh one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

285

to 24 Dec. 1758, inclusive 3 to be iitued in Advance every two Months j and the Troops to be mustered by an English Commissary, src. 386, 91s 1. 13 s. z d. in full for defraying all extraordinary Charges and Contingencies of his Majesty's Army employed in concert with the King of Prussia, from 28 Nov. 1757, to 24 Dee. 1758, inclusive j the said Sum to be ifl ued as the Pay of the said Troops; 670,000l. to the King of Prussia, pursuant to Treaty,

XII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 8oo, ooool. to discharge Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iitued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money the like Sum raised in not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum p^rl?a, CC San aft.of raised in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids k6 a,

or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament. Aidsf 1 -

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, any Sum or Sums of

Money not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to de 800,000l. upon ac fray any extraordinary Expenses of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the cou, n!-'t011, 5 maj.ety* Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and to take all such Measures, as may be necessary expl^es^r^he Wars to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs c. may require.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 9, 902l. 5 s. upon Acor

Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iftucd and applied, any Sum or Sums ofcyuint> for ^porting the money not exceeding nine thousand nine hundred two Pounds and five Shillings, upon Account, 01 ^ovadscot, a' for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia for the Year upon Account, for de one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight s and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six fraying the Charges in thousand six hundred twenty six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, upon Account, curred by supporting the for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's paid Colony in 1756, Colony of Nova Scotia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and not provided for not pr°vid^d fr fra by Parliament 3 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand five hundred fifty fn^tl'charges of they seven Pounds and ten Shillings, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Civil Establishment, c. Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expenses attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of the Colony of Georgia, of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand frcm 24 June i7s7> seven hundred and fifty-eight. northeast ^58;

XV. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the 33>000l. to make good Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, any Sum or Sums the like Sum issued by of Money not exceeding thirty-one thousand Pounds, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum hls majesty's Orders, which has been issued by his Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of his House 3 and any pfrthea fghe Add; ers Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Governors and ^ooool.^mthe Founi guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Chii iin'g Hospital 3

dren, to receive all such Children, under a certain Age to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital before the first: Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine 5 and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care, and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated; and that the to be paid without any said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any De See or Deduction; duction whatsoever; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred eighty-four thousand eight hundred and two Pounds one Shilling and three Farthings, to make good the Deficiency t of the Giants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven 3 and any Sum the Year 17573 or Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, to be applied towards the rebuilding of 15,000l. towards re London Bridge; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year one thou

seven hundred and fifty-eight, and for defraying such expences as were actually incurred, upon cioaihin^ so?themilit the Account of the Militia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven 3 and any Sum for 1758^ and Expenses or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works for fortify incurred in 1757; ing and securing the Harbour of Milford 3 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty seven thousand three hundred and eighty Pounds nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny,

furni filing Provisions and for reimbursing to the Province of Massachusets Bay, their Expenses in Stores to the Troops raised by them for his Majesty's Service, For the

284, 802 1. 1 s. 3 j. to make goethe Deficiency of the Grants lor

building London Bridge;. ioo, oco 1. upon Account, for Say and

ia

10, cool, towards fortifying the Harbour of Milford;

27, 380l. 19s. II d. J.

Campaign in the X ear one for reimbursing to the

Province of maftaclnilet'j' Bay, the Expenses in furnishing provif.o.is and Stores to the Troops raised there LI 1756 3

thousand

286 C 34.. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

11.7-61. 17 s. yd. for thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen thou irimburfing to the Co sand seven hundred thirty six Pounds seventeen Shillings and seven rente, for reimbursing to the Jory or Conneflicor, Colony of Connecticut, their Expenses in furnishing Provisions and Stores to the Troops raised by

njft!xprov^ons and" diem fr his Majesty's Service, for the Campaign in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty s!oretto\he Troops six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be raised therein 1756; paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling

20.0001. upon Account, them to defray the Expense of a Military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them in

to the East-india Coin )jeu of the Battalion of his Majesty's Forces, withdrawn from those Settlements; and the Sum of the Expense of a^tihtary our thousand Pounds for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Margaret Westminster; and any Sum Force there; y or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and support

4.0001. for repairing the ing the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Church of St. Margaret,

Westminster; io, oooo 1. for supporting the Brithh Forts on the Coast of Africa.

The said Supplies to be

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and sup and noaotkhcnviitlre^e<^ pes prov*ec^ as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies, or other Payments, directed to be satisfied thereout, by any act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

Regulations to beob XVII. And, as to the said Sum of thirty-five thousand six hundred and two Pounds by this Act forced in the Application appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and declared by the Autho

of the half-pay,

A 30 Geo. 2. c. 26.

Surplus of the half-pay arifii'g from the last year's Grants, to be disposed of to such Officers Widows, or Children, as ismaicfty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity.

rity aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his commission, and has had 110 Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise in titled to the same, as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken of the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVIII. And whereas by an act of Parliament made and passed in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Moneys granted in this Session of Parliament for the Pay of the Troop's of Hanover for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Claud Johnson, with respect to a Bond entered into by him, for securing the Duties ontobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton; the several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-three thousand Pounds was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid at were prescribed in that Behalf; Now it is hereby provided, enabled, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of thirty-three thousand Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others, as by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf 3 anything in this act, or the said former atto the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enlarging the Times for the first: Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble.*"WHEREAS y several acts of this present Session of Parliament, the first Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Ais, or any Part or Parts thereof, in Execution, hath been or may be appointed, or directed to be held before or upon the Day of passing of such Ais respectively, whereby several Doubts and Difficulties may arise with respeist to the due Execution of the said acts be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and 2 with

A.D.

i 757-anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 34-

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any at of Parliament hath oafled, or doth, or shall pass, at any Time whatsoever, during this present Session of Parliament, Where the first Meeting upon or after the Day specified in any such at, for the first Meeting of the Commissioners or True k

tees appointed to put the same, or any Part thereof, in Execution, in each and every such Case, ora^eefo "n

such Commissioners or Trustees respectively, or the same Number, of such respective Commissioners the°day the ah ap or Trustees, as is or shall be authorised to hold such first Meeting, or any greater Number of them, pointing the same hall shall and may hold their first Meeting upon the fourteenth Day after the passing of this Act, at such have passed.

Places as were respectively appointed in such Acts for holding the first Meetings on the Days therein such meeting is to be

specified; and all such Commissioners or Trustees, or any Number of them as aforesaid, being so hejd the; l4t!l ^, a v

assembled respectively on the Paid fourteenth Day after the passing of this Act, shall and may proceed cc Paffln&° 1, s

to the Execution of such Acts respectively; and then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn, '

and do and perform all such Matters and Things, and execute all the Powers and Authorities

granted to them in the said Acts respectively, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to

all Intents and Purposes, as if such Commissioners or Trustees had been assembled in Pursuance of,.

and on the respective Days specified or appointed in such Acts, for holding the first Meeting of such

Commissioners or Trustees; thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas several Acts of Parliament have been made for amending and keeping in Repair diverse Roads in Great Britain: And whereas it may have happened that a sufficient Number of the Trustees or Commissioners for putting such respective Acts in Execution, have neglected to meet at such Times and Places, as were appointed or directed in pursuance of the said several Acts,

and that Adjournments may not have been made to meet at any future Time: And whereas the Clerks or other Officers to the said Trustees or Commissioners, when proper Adjournments have not been made, may have neglected, or omitted to give such proper Notices, as the said respective Acts have required to be made or given, of the next Meeting of the said Trustees or Commissioners, notwithstanding which Neglects or Omissions, the said Trustees or Commissioners, have met and proceeded to put in Execution the said several Acts aforesaid: whereas Doubts have arisen,

or may arise, with regard to the Validity of the Proceedings of the said Trustees or Commissioners,

who have met and acted in the Execution of the said several Acts, notwithstanding such Omissions or Neglects had happened For obviating whereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where ever it has happened that any such Trustees or Commissioners as aforesaid, at any w*iere Trustees for re time before the passing of this Act, have neglected to meet and adjourn, according to the Direction Pai«^ particular Roads of the said respective Acts, or their Clerks or Officers shall have neglected to give such Notice of a*vadjourn^ J any future Meeting, as by the said respective Acts is directed; such Omission or Neglect of the said their Clerks to give No trustees and Commissioners, or of their Clerks or other Officers, shall not in any Manner defeat, tice of any future meet in validate, or make void, any Act, Matter, or Thing, already done by any of the said Trustees or as the respectho Commissioners, in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, or any of them, but that every such Acts direa>

Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, coed^s'^o/thef said r and shall be so adjudged and taken, notwithstanding any such Want of Adjournment, or proper Trustees, u nor to "be Notice as aforesaid; Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: defeated thereby, when it shall hereafter happen that a sufficient Number of Trustees or Commissioners, do not meet when a sufficientnum to put the said several Acts in Execution, that then the Clerk or other Officer of the said Trustees her of Trustees, c. shall or Commissioners, may and hall, at any Time within the Space of ten Days after such Omission or nc eet to aa Clerk, Neglect of the said Trustees to meet as aforesaid, appoint such Trustees or Commissioners, to meet Within 10 Days asser at the House or Place were the then Raft Meeting was appointed to be held, on the Day three tim^and vhctforth

287

eir

Weeks after the Date of such Notice; and in Case such Clerk or other Officer hall refuse or negiedl next Meeting; to give such Notice, for the Space of ten Days, that then it shall and may be lawful for any three and on the Clerks neg or more of the said Trustees or Commissioners, appointed by the said respective Acts, at any Time lector Refusal to give within the Space of ten Days after such Neglect or refusal of the Clerk or other Officer to appoint such Notice, 3 Trustees such Trustees or Commissioners, to meet at the House or Place where the then last Meeting was fnayappoint such meet appointed to be held, on the Day three Weeks after the Date of such Notice; which said rel pec lnr8 ',

VT TT - to be fixed on

tive Notices in Writing shall be affixed on such Places as the said several Acts respectively direct, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Notice; any Law or Usage to the contrary g notwithstanding.

Places as the respeo Acts direct.

CAP. XXXV.

288

C 35.

Anno tricesimo piimo Georgii II A.D. 1757.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasuremenc of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster \ and for preventing the Stealing or Destroying of Madder Roots.

17

24

Geo.

Geo.

2.

2.

further continued to 29 Seat. 1764.

Act 5 Geo. 2. c. 30. which was continued and amended by subsequent Acts,

stealu.sie.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found use

full and beneficial, are near expiring May it therefore please your most Excellent majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parlia -- rnent assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Act 12 Cro. 2. cb 30. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, fe V C 1 a 1 fub e °ucnt a asy Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly ev 1 J'to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to continue

in Force for five Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present

57" Majesty, was further continued until the first Day' of September one thousand seven hundred and

fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts;

hf^ent Ac^j 1"evcral which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou uucquent cts, sand seven hundred and thirty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia

9 Geo. 2. <. 18. ment; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the ninth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of

16 Geo. 2. c. 27. his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand

24 Geo. 2. c. 57. seven hundred and fifty; and which by another Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued to the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. '

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation cf Naval Stores; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as re

Lurnber, from America, lates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for twenty-one Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the sixteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An At more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several Parijloes near thereunto; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of

t. 26. the then next Session of Parliament; and which by two subsequent Acts, one of the twenty-third,

57- and the other of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued

until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End o' the then next Session of Parliament; shall, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun

further continued to 29 Sept. 1764.

Part of the Act of 8 Geo. 1. c. 12. relating to the Importation of "Wood. Timber, and

16 Geo. 2. c. 26.

24 Geo. 2. c. 57. further continued to 29 Sept. 1764.

Act it) Geo. 2. c. 35. which was continued by several subsequent Acts,

23 Geo. 2.

24 Geo. 2.

e.

further continued to 24 June 17 qg

a*kl fifty-nine.

and yin cndir.cr.u.

289

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 3 6.

V. And whereas the Growth and Cultivation of Madder is of great Consequence to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom: Therefore, for preventing the stealing or destroying of Madder Roots; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Real and take away, or wilfully and maliciously pull up, or destroy any Madder Roots growing or being in any Lands or Gounds belonging to any Person or Persons, and shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Town or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, either by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or^htnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer) every Person so offending, and being convicted of such Offence in Manner herein before mentioned, shall, for the first Offence, give and pay to the Owner or Owners of the Madder Roots so stolen, pulled up or destroyed, such Satisfaction for his or their Damage thereby sustained, and within such Time, as the said Justice or Justices shall appoint; and shall over and above pay down upon such Conviction unto the Oversees of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence or Offences was or were committed, for the Use of the said Poor, such Sum of Money not exceeding ten Shillings, as to the said Justice or Justices hall seem meet; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall not make such Recompense or Satisfaction to the said Owner or Owners, and also pay such Sum to the Use of the Poor, in Manner and Form aforesaid; then the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, for any Space not exceeding one Month; or shall and may order such Offender or Offenders to be whipped by the Constable, or other Officer, as to the said Justice or Justices shall seem meet; and if any such Person or Persons shall again commit the like Offence, and be thereof convicted, as aforesaid, then, he, she or they so offending the second Time, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction for three Months.

VI. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted for any such Offence of stealing, pulling up, or destroying of Madder Roots, unless such Prosecution be begun within thirty Days after the Offence committed.

Persons convicted of stealing or destroying Madder Roots,

are, for the first Offence, to make Satisfaction for the Damage;

and pay to the Overseen of the Poor of the parish, a Fine not exceeding 10 s.

or be committed to the House of Correction for one Month; and on Conviction of a like Offence, the second Time are to be committed for three Months. Prosecution to be within thirty Days after the Offence,

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and to the Encouragement of the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the Payment of the Duties on foreign exciseable Liquors; and for the Relief of Thomas ivation, with regard to the Drawback on certain East India Calicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new Passage leading from Charing Cross.

W

WHEREAS certain Laws herein after mentioned, are found to be very useful and benefi Preamble, cial to the Public, and are_near expiring, and it is fit they should be continued; 'Be it

therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth; and for the A9C e0 2- c. 37 more effectual jeeuring the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; which was 'vhlch conti.n'* to continue iri Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty cvc, a u equen^six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the thirteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign 13 Geo. 2. C 28. of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand 24 geo 2 c 52* seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty further continued to 29' ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of sepc* 1764* the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an act made in the fourth Year of Act Geo. 2. c. 29. the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation which was continued by British made Gunpowder \ which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the twenty-fourth several subsequent Acts, Day of jfune one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the tenth, sixteenth and 10 Geo. 2. c. 27. twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty 16 Geo. 2. e. z6. fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the ^c0 f S then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expi further continued to 29 ration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred aid sixty four, P, 1764> and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. that an act made in the sixth Year of AS s the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better jeeuring and encouraging the Trade

his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; which was to continue in Force for five Years, to be com

fol, T, tirt

VIII

P

puted

2 go C 36. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

puted from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent as made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty further continued to 19 njnej shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the 'b?t'clc 1 Tq twenty ninih Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Part ofaa'i' & 16

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That io much of an act made in the

Geo. 2. C relating fifteenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the Im

before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the Lodging of the same in Warehouses at the Expense of the Importers or Proprietors thereof; which was to continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of 23 2. C 26. the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an act made in the twenty-third Yjear of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of further continued to y the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the 2: rt. 1764. Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty

four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And whereas no certain Time is appointed for the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Im -- porters, of all or any Kind of foreign Liquors liable to the Duties of Excise on the Importation thereof, to make due Entry thereof with the Officer of Collector appointed for the Excise in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and to pay the Duties for the same; and several Persons have refused or neglected, for a long Time after the Importation of such foreign exciseable Liquors, to make due Entry thereof, and have infilled to keep the same on board, and even in some Cases, when the Ships have been put into the Docks to be repaired; by which Means the Payment of the Duties due for the same, have been unfairly postponed and kept back, and the Revenue un necessarily put to a very considerable Expense by keeping Tydcfmen on board; and great Opportunities. are also obtained for imbezilling or running on Shore all or Part of the said foreign or exciseable Liquors, without Payment of any Duties for the same, notwithstanding the utmost Care and Vigilance of the Officer to prevent the same: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority Foreign Liquors liable to aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the the Duties oi Excise, are Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, of any Kind of foreign Liquors, liable to the du l u -1 afu i't h cp e' or Us Excise, within thirty Days next after the Master or Purser for that Voyage of the Ship or

made oath Contents Vessel wherein the said foreign exciseable Liquors, or any of them, shall be imported or brought

nd Loading of the Ship; into the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report upon Oath, of the Burden, Contents and Loading, of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Directions of the Statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his majesws Cu jiotns; shall make due Entry, with the Officer or Collector appointed for the Excise, in the Port or Place where such foreign exciseable Liquors shall be imported, of all such foreign exciseable Liquors on board of such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers and the Duties to be paid and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the Duties of Excise due and payable for and in respect of then, or fc foie, and the the said foreign exciseable Liquors, and land the same; on Pain to forfeit for every Neglecft on Liquors landed, Refusal to make due Entry, or Payment, or to land the same, according to the Directions of this

on Forfeiture of the Li act, a]j such foreign exciseable Liquors, with the Casks and Package wherein the same shall be con -- ijuors, with the facka^e. tajnej on ^oar(j such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers of the same, so neglecting or refusing, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Excise.

During the Continuance

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so. r.fthe recited Act of 15 long as the said act of the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign shall be continued, i 16 Geo. 2. c. 15. the an(]; n force, nothing in the Clause last before mentioned shall extend, or be construed to extend, mentioned cluieis in any v/jfe to prevent or hinder the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, of any Rum S; iriu'tn'he biiiiihsu or Spirits of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British. Sugar Plantations, as shall be im gar Plantations; ported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, directly from the said Sugar Plantations, or any of them, bat the same may be (an Entry of such Rum or Spirits being first made within the said thirty.days, as directed by the landed, and Security gi said Clause last before mentioned from forthwith landing such Rum or Spirits, and putting the same vm for the Duties as the jnt0 such Warehouse or Warehouses, and from giving inch Security for the due Payment of the recited Act directs. Duties of Excise, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act of the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, if he, she or they, shall choose so do do, within the said Term of thirty Days.

inentrif>of Fereign i.i

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all entries.or reports quors, gurfrant to Act of any foreign Liquors, liable to the Duties of Excise, to be made by the Master or Purser of any Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the Number of Casks or other Package, with the particular Numbers and.

m^ka.

pursuan: to the Act of 13 ft j4 Car. z. c.'ir.

j3 & Car. 2.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 36. 291

Marks of each of them, and the particular Kind of Liquors contained in each Calk or other Pack the Nuai, er age, on board of each respective Ship or vessel, shall be inserted in such Entries or Reports, cn °therpacka|c> wish the Pain for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, to forfeit such Liquor, with the Calk or other Package thereon" and the con wherein the same shall be contained, which shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Excise"; !en S; are to be infeued, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: that.all sei on Forfeiture of the li zures to be made in pursuance of any of the Powers given by this Act, shall (ail necessary Charges quorand Package; for the Recovery thereof being first deduced) be employed, one Moiety thereof to and for the Use one Moiety to go to the of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to the Seizer or Prosecutor. King, the other to the

VIII. And, in order to enable the Gaugers or Officers of the Excise, the better to ascertain the Seuer*

Proof of all foreign imported Liquors, liable to the Duties of Excise; is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gaugers or Officers of the Gauger may take a Sam Excise, at any Time or Times, to take a Sample or Samples (not exceeding one Quart in the whole) ascertaln" hep?oof* out of each of the Casks or other Package, containing such foreign Spirituous Liquors, paying for p^ing3for"the fame!' such Sample or Samples of Liquors, after the Rate of sixteen Shillings per Gallon. Concerning Spirituous Li

'> see farther yz Geo. 2,

IX. And whereas by a sudden Fire which broke out in the work shop of Thomas jvation of More; 29- 33 Gn' zc' 9

ris's Causeway in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surry, Callicoe Printer, on the eighth Day S of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, two thousand two hundred and one Pieces of printed East India Calicoes, of the Value of two thousand two hundred and forty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and eleven Pence, were burnt and destroyed: whereas sundry Duties were paid at the custom house, London, upon the Importation of the said Calicoes, and the same were intended to have been exported to foreign Parts, being by Law prohibited to be worn in these Kingdoms, and upon the Exportation thereof, a Drawback to the amount of seven hundred and thirty six Pounds and four Shillings, would have become payable to the Exporter thereof: For the Relief therefore of the said Thomas jvation \ Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector Debenture to be mads or other proper Officer of Officers of the Customs, at the Port of London, shall, and he and they are out to Thomas Wat ion, hereby empowered and required, to make out and grant a proper Debenture or Debentures, for the [?r 22°f Pieces of Cal said two thousand two hundred and one Pieces of Calicoes, whereby the said Thomas jvation may be hest ^drawback of entitled to draw back such Part of the Duties paid on the Importation of the said Calicoes, as would the Duties paid on tbs have been drawn back upon the Exportation thereof, in the same Manner as if the said Calicoes Importation, had been exported to Parts beyond the Seas.

X. And whereas the Passage called The New Passage leading from Charing Cross into Saint fames's Park, is very narrow, inconvenient and dangerous, and it would be of public Convenience to

widen and render the same commodious; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That The New Pa.tage from the said Passage shall from henceforth be deemed and taken to be one of the Ways, Streets, Ave Charing Cross into St. nues or Passages, within the Defciption of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of james's Park, is to be his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River deemed one of the Ways Thames, from the City of W estminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to purchase Ho uses pursuant t°o°the Act of and Grounds, and to widen the ivays, and to make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues and Paf 29 Geo. a. sages, leading from Charing Cross, to the two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there; and Westminster Bridge; and to enable a less Number of Commissioners to execute the federal Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are required by Law; and for Relief of George and James King, with Regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said of, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities, Claufbs,

Rules, Forms, Directions, Matters and Things, prescribed, mentioned, expressed and contained

in the said Act, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to empower the said Commis and tj, e Commissioner*

sioners, or any five or more of them, to widen and render safe and commodious for Carriages and are empowered to widen

Passengers on Foot, the said new Passage, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes what the same accordingly;

soever, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as they the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, are authorised and impowed to open and widen any Ways, Streets, Avenues

or Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the

Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge, by virtue of the said recited Act, or by any of the

Powers or Authorities thereby to them given.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said Commissioners shall and to apply such of the have caused to be opened and widened all such Ways, Streets, Avenues and Passages, from Cha Surplus Moneys remain ring Cross aforesaid, to the two Houses of Parliament, westtminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice ins '.n their Hands aftr there, and Westminster Bridge, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, if any Moneys wt " anf streets'0t^granted by Parliament, for the Purposes of the said Act, and the incidental Expenses thereof, shall ay an then remain in their Hands, they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorised, directed and required, to apply all such Moneys, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient for that Purpose, in opening, widening and rendering safe and commodious for Carriages as (Kail be sufficient to and Passengers on Foot, the said Passage now called The New Passage, leading from Charing Cross render the said New Paf aforesaid into Saint james's Park, and in defraying the incidental Expenses thereof, in such man fas«^eanucomo|lodiclus» ner as they, or any five or more of them, shall order, direct and appoint, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

292 C 37. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Preamble, feciting certain Clauses and Provisoes in a30 Geo. 2. c. 1.

f.ferchanti cf Norwich m.d. Yarmouth permitted to export to Holland, within a limited Time, CO Lath o.' Long Malt, lying in the King's Storehouse:, v^such ^ereenter'd frw 1'xporlation on or before 31 Jan. j 757; they giving Secotity for th> ' due landing, c. then of m Kuliand.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt now lying in his ma jessy's Storehouses, to allow the Bounty upon such Corn and Malt as was flapped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited Time 3 and to authorise the Transportation of Flour, Meal, Bread and Biscuit, to the Blands of Gaernfey and Jersey, for the Use of the Inhabitants there, in lieu of the Wheat, Malt or Barley, which may now, by Law, be transported to those Blands.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starchy It was enabled, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day 0$, December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, should directly or indirectly export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Starch, under the Penalties therein mentioned; and wherein is contained a Proviso, That the said al or anything therein contained, should not extend to any of the said Commodities which should be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, or from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar or unto any of his Majesty's Blands or Colonies in America, that have usually been supplied with any of the said Commodities from Great Britain or Ireland, for the Sullentation of the Inhabitants., of the said Islands, Colonies or Dominions, or for the Benefit of the British Fishery in those Parts only, under such Restrictions, and subjc£l to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as are therein mentioned and also another Proviso, That the said Act or anything therein contained, should not extend to any Wheat, Malt or Barley, to be transported out of or from the Port of Southampton only, unto the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, for the only Use of the Inhabitants of those. Islands, so as the Exporter complied with the Requisites therein mentioned, and so as the Quantity of Wheat, Malt and Barley, which at any Time or Times after the passing of the said Act, and before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, should be ship- -- at the said Port for jersey and Guernsey, or either of them as aforesaid, did not exceed in the whole five thousand Quarters; and also another Proviso, That nothing in the said Act contained, should extend to any Malt declared or made for Exportation on or before the fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, which should Be exported, provided the Requisites therein mentioned, were complied with by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof: And whereas the said Act was, by an al of Parliament made in this present session of Parliament, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred' and fifty-eight; and in which said last mentioned Act is contained a Proviso, That during the Continuance of such Act, the Bounty or Bounties granted by any Law upon the Exportation of any of the Commodities therein before mentioned, should not be allowed or paid to any Person upon the: Exportation thereof out of this Kingdom, to any Place whatsoever, or by whatsoever Authority, the lame may be exported: And whereas certain Quantities of Barley were making into Malt and de. Cared for Exportation, by or on the Behalf of the Merchants of Norwich and Yarmouth, before or about the Time of the passing of the said first mentioned Act; and such Malt was actually made before the End of "January one thousand seven hundred and fifty fever.; and the same Malt is now lying in his Majesty's Storehouses under the Care of the proper Officers of Excise: whereas the the said Malt is not fit for Home Consumption, but was manufactured for the Holland Market; and the said Merchants have not been able, by reason of the Act passed in this Session for continuing the said former Act, to export the said Malt within the Time limited by an Act for granting a Duty, upon Malt; Be it therefore enacted by the King's rnofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Merchants of the City of Norwich, and Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, to export, and ship to export, out; of this Kingdom, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to any of the Ports in Holland, two hundred lasts of Malt, commonly called Long Malt, \ or any Part thereof, now lying in his Majesty's Storehouses, under the Care of the proper Officers, of Excise, and which was entered and declared for Exportation, cn or before the thirty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in the same Manner, as if no Ail or Atfls had. ever passed to the contrary; so as the Exporter, before the Lading of such Malt, or laying the same, on board any such Ship or Vessel, do become bound with other sufficient Security, in the treble Value thereof, to the Commissioners or other Chief Officer or Officers, of his Majesty's Customs, belonging to the Port or Place where the same shall be shipped or put on board (who is hereby im powered to take such Security in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use, and for which Security 00 See or Reward shall be given or taken) that such Malt shall be landed in Holland (the Danger of the Seas and the Enemy only excepted) and that such malt shall not be landed or sold in

any

t

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

C 37'

293

any other Place whatsoever; anything contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every of the Proprietors Proprietors discharged

of the aforesaid two hundred Laits of Malt is and are hereby acquitted, freed and discharged of Penajtl, s., n rand

from all Penalties whatsoever, by any former Act of Parliament laid or inflicted on him or them fa; d"mai^ou^o^their respectively, or which he or they respectively may be subject or liable to, for not removing or clear Storehouses within the ing the said two hundred Lasts of Malt, or any Part thereof, out of the Storehouse or Storehouses, Time limited Dy Law. or other Place or Places, within fifteen Months after the same was carried therein respectively;

Thing contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall entitle the Proprietor or Proprietors of Proprietors not inuticd

the Paid two hundred Lasts of Malt, or of any Part thereof, to any Bounty or Bounties on such on the

exnort.'tion; anything herein contained to contrary notwithstanding. xportation.

IV. And whereas certain Quantities of Barley were making into Malt, and declared for Exportation, by or on the Behalf of several Persons inhabiting within the Districts of Lynn and Wells, in the Limits of the Lynn Collection of Excile in the County of Norfolk, on or before the thirtieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and the Paid Malt, is now lying in his Majesty's Storehouses, and is not fit for Home Consumption Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the inhabitants of the said Districts of Lynn and Inhabitants of Lynn and jvells, to export, and ship to export, out of this Kingdom, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day wel, s permitted to ex _ September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to any of the Ports in Holland, three bun Rotations U" q dred and fifty Lasts of Malt, commonly called Long Malt, or any Part thereof, now lying in his Lasts of°lon majesty's Storehouses, under the Care of the proper Officers of Excise, and which was entered and lying in the King's declared for Exportation, on or before the thirtieth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and Storehouses; which were fifty seven, in such and the same Manner, and under the like Regulations as are herein before au 4ntered for Exportation thorised and appointed with relation to the Exportation of Malt, by the Merchants of Norwich and °!l°r. and they am" Yarmouth; and the Inhabitants of the said Districts, shall be, and are hereby also in like Manner, likewisd discharged from freed and discharged from all Penalties incurred or to be incurred for not removing or clearing of all Penalties in relation the said three hundred and fifty Lasts of Male, out of the Storehouses or other Place or Places, with thereto, in the Time limited by any former Law for that Purpose; nothing herein contained shall entitle any Proprietor Proprietors of the said three hundred and fifty Lasts of Malt, to any Bounty or Bounties on such Exportation; anything contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas diverse Persons within this Kingdom did actually ship, or cause to be shipped for Exportation to Ireland, diverse Quantities of Corn and Malt, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty leven, and the Ships wherein the same were so shipped, were, on or before the said tv/enty fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred

ani fifty seven, actually cleared; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Bounties granted by the Bounty or Bounties granted on the Exportation of Corn and Malt by each and every of the foryier Acts> onexpov w Acts of Parliament now in Being, shall be allowed and paid to each and every of the Exporter and allowed tex Exporters of Corn or Malt which was (Lipped and cleared for Exportation to Ireland, on or before porters of such Com and the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in the same Manner Male as was shipped for as if the said Act made in this present session of Parliament had never been made; anything the re Ireland, on or before in contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 24 Dec. 1757.

VI. And whereas it would be of great Relief and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Islands of

Jersey and\_guernsey, if a sufficient Quantity of Meal, Elour, Bread and Biscuit, was allowed to be

transported to the said Islands, for the only Use of the Inhabitants there, instead of the like Quantity

of Wheat, Malt or Barley, now allowed by Law to be transported to those Islands; it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at any Time or Times be Liberty granted of ex fore the twenty-fourth D; from the Port

of the Inhabitants un u., uuy v£_unui.n.y Ui ui Lviciu, riuui, uicau <ji jjiiv.ii 1 L 111 iicu 'J limited Qua

the like Quantity or Quantities of Wheat, Malt, or Barley, now allowed by Law to be trans Meal, Flour, Bread, or ported to the said Blands; so that the whole Quantity of Wheat, Malt, Barley, Meal, Flour, Bread Biscuit, for the Use of _ and Biscuit, transported to the said Blands before the said twenty-fourth Day of December one thou j.lie liifabitanm of j« sand seven hundred and fifty-eight, doth not exceed the Quantity of Wheat, Malt, or, Barley, now ey and Guernsey' limited by Law to be transported to the said Islands; and such Transportation hereby authorised the same to be trans and allowed, dial 1 Le made under such and the like Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the p°rtej Ullder certain

Transportation of Wheat, Malt and Barley, to the said Blands is now subject; any "hing in any eu atlons'

former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in order to ascertain the 701b. Averdupoise Wt. Amount of the said Transportation, every seventy Pounds Averdupoile Weight of bread or Biscuit, deemed equal to a Bushel. shall be deemed respectively, for the Purposes of tfiis Ad, equal to one Bushel of Wheat, Malt,

or Barley.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Cu Account to be hid before stoms for the time being shall, and they are hereby required to give a full and true Account in Parliament ct the Quuu writing to both Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of the act Session thereof, of all Elour, tmes i°e*ported'

*' - ' Meal,

294*

[General issue.]

Treble Costs,

C 38; Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Meal, Bread and Biscuit, that shall have been exported to each of the said Islands of Jersey and Guert: fey, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced again fc any Person or Persons for any thing.done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke.

[Preamble.]

Enforced and amended by 32 Geo. 2. c. 26.

10, coo I. to be issued out of the Moneys granted for the Service of the current Year, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying the Harbour of Miitoid.

Commissioners appointed for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

of may survey and set ouf the Lands proper to be purchased for carrying on the said Works;

nd determine in a sum maiy Way, all Claims and Controversies, c. relating thereto.

Lands delcnbed within the Boundaries of such Survey, are veiled in trust.es, for the Benefit of the Parties interested,

tilj the purchase moneys are paid j or Certificates be made forth for the Payment.

Commissioneri impov/ ered to treat for the absolute Purchase of such Lands; Conveyances thereof deemed valid.

Where l'etfon* shall refute to treat or agree,

w

WHEREAS the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke is more conveniently

situated for the fitting out of Fleets, and stationing of Cruizers, than any other Harbour

in this Kingdom; and from the many great local Advantages attending it, would, if properly

fortified and secured, greatly tend to facilitate the Naval operations of this Kingdom, hitherto

too frequently retarded, and sometimes entirely frustrated, from the Want of such a Port of Equipment: 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's rr.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke.

II. And whereas it will be necessary to purchase Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in order for the constructing and carrying on the said Works Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and the Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for surveying and setting out all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and for executing the other Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or such Persons as they, or any five or more of them shall appoint, to enter upon, make Surveys of, and set out and describe, by Lines, Stakes, or other Marks, such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think proper to be purchased, in order for the constructing and carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the said Harbour; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to hear and determine, in a summary Way, all Titles and Claims to, and Controversies concerning such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to make such Orders and Decrees relating thereto as they shall think proper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the making of every such Survey respectively, all the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, lying within the Boundaries of such Descriptions respectively as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested, and declared to be in the actual and real Possession and Seisin of the Right Honourable Arthur ouf.ow, Speaker of the House of Commons; the Right Honourable John Manners, commonly called Marquis of Granby; the Right Honourable Plenry BI If on Leggey Chancellor of his Majesty's Exchequer; the Honourable George Townshend, the Right Honourable Charles towns)endy the Honourable jvihnot Vaughan, and Pryfe Campbell Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust nevertheless, for such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as at the Time of making such Survey respectively, are or shall be interested therein, according to their several Estates and Interests, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until the purchase moneys for the same shall be paid, or Certificates for the Payment thereof, shall be made forth and deposited in such Manner as is herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase thereof; and all Conveyances of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by such Owners and Persons interested to the Trustees herein before appointed, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, shall refuse or neglect to treat or agree as aforesaid, for the Space of thirty Days after Notice ill Writing given to such Person or Persons, or to the Principal Officer or

2. Officers

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 38. 295

Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or left at his, her or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or delivered to the Tenant or Tenants of the Premises; iforfiiall be ffi fabled from through any Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or Special Limitations in any Settlement or Settle treacin2> c merits, or by reason of any other Impeditament, such Owners or Persons cannot dispose of their respective Properties or Interests; every such Case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of Warrantis robe issued to them, may, and are hereby authorised and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, under !he Shenff for ^nion* their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, thereby commanding him to im ya6maage^t^reccm 6 panel, summon and return, before the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such pence;

Time and Place, or Times and Places, as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, twenty four Inhabitants of the said County, qualified to serve upon Juries, who upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) shall inquire into, and by their Verdict, ascertain and assess the true and real Value of such. Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Interests therein; and the said Sheriff to return and sum sheriff is hereby required to impanel, summon and return such Number of Inhabitants as aforesaid, mon a jay acor, d.inf!p and at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, to attend the said Commissioners with his Bailiffs fers Vo'prove th'^er or Officers, to prove, if necessary, upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or vice of such Summons; more of them are hereby empowered to administer) the Summons of the Jurors so impanelled and returned respectively; and in case the said Sheriff shall neglect or refuse (being duly served with such Warrant or Warrants fourteen Days or more before the Return thereof) to impanel, summon and return such Jury, or shall not attend the said Commissioners with his Bailiffs and Officers who shall have executed such Warrant or Warrants, then and in either of the said Cases the said Commis on Penalty of forfeiting sioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine upon such 2o1, nor

Sheriff, not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, for any one Offence; and if. any ju or negieaing his Du person so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, shall not appear at the Return of such Warty without lawful Excuse, rant or Warrants, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn for the Purposes aforesaid, or being sworn, shall depart without the Licence of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, before the

Verdict is given, or shall not give his Verd nft, or in any other Manner neglect his Duty in the pre mi lies; in every such Case, the major Part of the Commissioners then assembled may and are hereby empowered to feta Fine upon each person so offending, and not having lawful Excuse (to be liable to be fined not allowed by such Commissioners) not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for exceeding iol. any one Offence; all which Fines, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are here Fines to be estreated into by authorised and required to estreat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use lhe exche<luer* of his Majesty.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear A sufficient Jury not at

upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants, to take the Inquest, it shall be lawful for the lend)"g' thej in<lueft to

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to adjourn the Inquest. to any e a Journe

future Day, not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than four Days, from the Adjournment thereof;

and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impanelling, summoning and returning a Number and a new Warrant if of Jurors equal to the Number of Jurors making Default, to attend Inch Commissioners at such for returning a fuf adjourned Meeting, together with the Jurors before returned by the said Sheriff, or at any future j^e0jr Number of Meeting or Meetings to be held by Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners 'urorj' are hereby authorised to make from time to time.

VII. Provided always, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest Twelve to make 2 Jury;

aforesaid; that in case twelve or more (not exceeding twenty-three in the Whole) shall appear and' upon, h j.beins and be sworn to take such Inquest, 'then and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall continue j^0^5 theuetbes^and sit from Day today, until the said Inquest shall be taken; and the Judgments and Decrees taken, and Judgement shall be made thereon by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them. given thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commissioners may sum five or more of them, may and are hereby empowered to summon, by Writing under their Hands, mon and examine wit any Person or Persons to attend any Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, which shall neffcsr.upon at

be appointed for hearing and determining any such Titles, Claims and Controversies', or to attend

any Jury to be summoned by virtue of this Act, and to examine such Person or Persons upon Oath,

in relation to the Matters in Question; to oblige any such Person or Persons to produce upon a"j t, C Evidence

Oath all Deeds and Writings in his, her or their Custody, relating to the Premises; which^[o'tlprod^ccd.

Oaths the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them are hereby empowered to administer.)

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five or more of the said Com 3° Da> notice to be

missioner shall cause Notice to be given in Writing of the holding every Meeting for hearing and flven f t, ie

determining such Titles, Claims and Controversies as aforesaid, thirty Days at the lead before every rja ims ^snctof* such Meeting is held; and also the like Notice of the Days appointed for the Meetings of such Ju the Meetings of the ries as aforesaid; Notices shall be affixed upon the respective Town Halls of Pembroke and Juries. huverford jveji, and published in the London Gazette: And if any Person or Persons so summoned Persons summoned, re to attend the said Commissioners or Jury, shall not appear, or appearing, shall refuse to show his, to.upprajl or to r her or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises; that then the said Commissioners, and thei^efiatts j" cnces ° also the said Jury, shall proceed and determine upon the best information they can. then procure or obtain

; and if anyt person summoned to attend such commissionrers or jury.as a witness, shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn, onto give Evidence, the major part of the Commissioners then assembled, may impose a Fine upon every Person so offending, and not having lawful Excuse to be fined not (to be allowed by such Commissioners) not exceeding five Pounds upon any one person for any one excesdin6 l

Offence;

296 C 38.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

levied ill such Manner as the Fines herein before

Decrees of commissioners relating to Claims,

Agreements, Conveyances, Verdicts, and Judgments thereupon, to be final and condusive.

Where Persons interested shall express their Desire to h ve their Claims ascertained by a Jury,

the Commissioners are to cause a Jury to be impanelled and returned for that Purpose.

Verdict of the Jury, 'and Judgement of the Commissioners thereon, to be final and conclusive.

Entry' to be made of all Oiders, Judgments Decrees, Agreements, and verdict.s 5

specifying the Houses, Number of Acres, or Parcels of Land,

Offence; all which Fines shall be estreated and mentioned are directed to be estreated and levied.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Orders and Decrees which shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for ascertaining and determining any Titles or Claims to, or Controversies concerning such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and also all Agreements which shall be made between the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid; all Conveyances in consequence thereof, and also all the Verdicts of the said Juries, and the Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, thereupon shall be final, and shall be binding and condusive to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and all other Persons whatsoever, claiming, or to claim, in Remainder, Reversion, or in any other Manner howsoever, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity 5 any Law, Statute or Custom, or other blatter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Person or Persons interested, or claiming an Interest, in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall, by writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, either before such Commissioners shall proceed to determine the Titles and Claims to, and Controversies concerning such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or within the Space of thirty Days after any such Determination shall be made, express his, her or their Desire that such Titles, Claims, and Controversies, may be ascertained by a Jury; then in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall Cause the same to be ascertained and determined by a Jury to be impanelled, summoned and returned, in such Manner, and under such Fines, as is and are herein before mentioned, and authorised to be imposed with respect to the assessing the Values of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments 5 and the Verdict of every such Jury in relation to such Titles, Claims and Controversies, and the Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners thereupon, shall be final, binding and condusive, to all Intents and Purposes, in Manner before mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, shall cause all ments and Verdicts, to be entered

their Orders a Book o

m

Judgments, and Decrees, and also all such Agree books; and in such Orders, Judgments, Decrees

and Agreements respectively, shall be exprefiy mentioned and specified, refuedive House or Houses, Number of Acres, or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, and the Name or Names of every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, their Abuttals and boun who shall be adjudged to be interested therein; and also the respective Sum or Sums of Monty which

daries, and Parties in - " ' .

efted;

and the Sums to be paid for the same.

Dupfcates thereof to be ingrossed on Parchment, and certified to the

Clerk of the Crown, and Remembrancer of the Exchequer.

shall be agreed for between the said Commissioners and Parties interested, or which filial 1 be assessed by such Jury to be paid for the same respectively; and all such Orders, Judgments, Decrees, Agreements and Verdicts, shall be also fairly ingrafted on' Parchment, and certified under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said Commissioners to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King's Remembrancer in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

Certificates to be granted to the Parties interefud;

Surveyor General of the

Ordnance to make out Bills thereupon,

with Debentures for the Sums certified,

to be paid by the trca furer.

Trustees thereupon, to Hand seized of the pre nnlfes.

Certificates on refusal to be accepted, may 1c drpofued with the Clerk of lire Peace.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall he and are hereby required, without Fee or Reward, to give their Certificate or Certificates in Writing, under their Hands, to every Proprietor, and other Person interested in the Premisses, expressing the respective House or Houses, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, and their several Abuttals and Boundaries, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and the Sum or Sums he, she or they is or are to receive for the same; and such Certificates respectively shall authorise the Surveyor General of the Ordnance for the Time being, to make out and allow a Bill or Bills to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, mentioned in such Certificates rclpcc tively j and in which Bill or Bills shall likewise he expressed the respective House or Houses, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, and their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil as aforesaid, and the respective Sum or Sums to be paid; and thereupon one or more Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared for the several and rel pcbfive Sums as aforesaid, by the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, and signed by three or more of the principal Officers of the Ordnance for the Time being; and such Debentures are hereby required to be paid out of the Sum of Money hereby appropriated by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall take Acquitances from the Parties endorsed thereon; and that immediately from and after the Delivery of such Certificates to the Persons interested as aforesaid, the Trustees before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seized of the Premisses mentioned in such Certificates respectively, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors for ever; and if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, filial I wilfully refuse to accept of or receive any such Certificate, that then, and in such Case, it fillal 1 be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to leave and deposit such Certificates with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Pembroke, and shall make an Entry in their Books of the same, which shall be taken and deemed to be

valid

297

A.D. 1757: Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 39.

valid; and such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, shall from thenceforth be veiled.'to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as if such Certificate had been received by the Parties entitled thereto.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any such Lands, Tenements Where Parties interested or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, shall belong to any Corporation, or Body Politic, Ec be ncapab]e of ta "clefiastical or Civil, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, who by reason of any Disability, p^chafe Moneys, 5 ° CARE not able or capable, by Law, to take and dispose of the Several Sums which shall be due and payable for and in respedi of their Several Interests; every Such case, it shall be lawful for the the Commissioners are to Said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to direct, order and decree, into whose Hands decree into whose Hands such Sums of Money shall be paid for the Use of such Corporation, or Bodies Politic, Ecclesiastical the same shall be paid for or Civil, and the respective Persons interested therein, which Several Sums of Money, shall, with tht^ss. all convenient Speed, be laid out according to Such Directions as the Said Commissioners, or any outinotherp^rchafes.^o five or more of them, shall from time to time give, for the purchasing other Lands, Tenements or be settled to jiketiuiis Hereditaments, in Places most convenient for the Parties interested, their Heirs and Successors; andufes;

as Soon as proper Purchases can be Sound, the Estates So purchased shall be conveyed and Settled

to the same uses, Intents and purposes, as the former Estates were settled at the Time they shall become vested in the Trustees appointed by this Act; and until Such Settlements can be made, it and till it shall be so

shall be lawful for the Said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to place such Moneys out employed, may be placed

at Interest on Parliamentary Funds, or other good Securities; which Interest shall, from time to out at interest*

time, as the same shall grow due, be paid to the Several and respective Parties interested in Such

Principal Sums.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no com commi^or, er nolto missioner shall act for any of the purposes aforesaid, in any Case where he is particularly con w ere eisinterece cerned in Interest.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Account of the Application Account of the Apphca

of the Moneys hereby appropriated towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and Securing the tion ?f the Moneys or Said Harbour, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within twenty Days after the opening t^be'laid every Year b. c. of every Session of Parliament. fore Parliament.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Such Costs and Charges Charges of this Act to as shall be incurred in obtaining this Act, shall be, in the first Place, paid out of the Moneys hereby be first paid, granted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of Actions, be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, every such

Action and Suit shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after the Cause of Such Action or Suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in all Such Actions and Suits may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in General Issue, Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Same was done in pursuance of this Act;

and if the Same shall appear to have been So done; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited; then, and in either of such Cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or Suffer a Discontinuance after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon any Demurrer, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants; in each of the Cases aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Treble Costs,

Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the Same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth, and Citadel of ply mouth, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS y the unjust and hostile Invasion lately made on his Majesty's Dominions in America, and the Mediterranean, and by great Preparations made in France, for invading See ja Geo. a. C 30.

these Realms, it became absolutely necessary for the Security of his Majesty's Docks, Ships offor makingcmpmjatiin War, and Stores, to credl and raise Fortifications and Intrenchments near the Docks of Port/ to tte Proprietors,

mouth, Chatham, and Plymouth: And whereas certain Lands herein after particularly mentioned,

lying near the Said Docks of Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, have been made use of in making Intrenchments, and raising Lines and Fortifications, for the Defence and Security of the Said Docks: And whereas some Part of the said Lands made Use of for that Purpose, lies open, and in common, to many Owners and Proprietors of Lands near adjoining, for which they claim a 4 Right of Common on the said Lands; and other Parts of the said Lands so made use of, are soli

mited by Settlement, that the Owners thereof cannot make a clear Title and Conveyance, with out the Authority of Parliament; and other Parts of the said Lands may be the Property of Eccie fiastical Persons, or Persons not capable of making a legal c6nveyance thereof j and all the said Lands may be subject and liable to Quit Rents, Tythes, and other small Outgoings, from which

298

Specification of Land to be taken ifito the intended Works and Fortifications at Plyfi roath, Portsmouth, and Chatham and to veil in certain Trustees, till the purchase money for the same be alceitaincjand pud 3

Truflcs Nairn,

C 39. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

the Owners thereof may not, without the Authority of Parliament, be able to discharge the said

*: And whereas many of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands so made use of (to make an unreasonable Gain to themselves) may insist on large and extravagant Demands, for the

Damage and injury they may pretend to have sustained by Means or Reason of erecting the said Fortifications: And whereas many persons may pretend or claim to have Title to the same Lands,

so that it may be doubtful to whom a Compensation ought to be made, which cannot be determin ed without the Aid of Parliament: To the End therefore that the true and real Value of the said Lands may be ascertained, and the actual and real Owners and Proprietors may have a just and reasonable satisfaction for the said Lands, or for any Claim or Right thereto Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land on which the Line ranging North from the Gun Wharf Wall at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, to the Wharf of fofeph Hooper Ship wright, on the South; and all those several Fields and Pieces or Parcels of" Land lying on the North and East Sides of the said Line; and all those several Fields and Pieces or Parcels of Land lying within the Line, as the said Land is bounded and marked out for complete ing the Fortifications, or intended for the Security of his Majesty's Dock Yards, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth aforesaid; which said several Pieces and Parcels of Land are situate, lying and being in the said Parish of Stoke Damerell, and contain together one hundred ninety five Acres, one Rood, and nine Rod, by Statute Measure, together with all Houses, Outhouses, Mills, Edifices, and buildings thereon, or on any Part thereof, erected and built, and all Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Paths, Passages, Easements, and Appurtenances, thereunto belonging; and also all that Messuage or Tenement with the Outhouses, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances, situate, lying and being in or near the Town of Plymouth, in the said County of Devon, and adjoining or very near to the North Side of the Citadel of Plymouth aforesaid; also all that Piece or Parcel of Marsh Ground containing in Statute Measure sixteen Acres, three Rood, and twenty-five Rod, near Portsea Lake, being Part of a Marsh called the Great Marsh, belonging to William Pike of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton Esquire; also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Ground containing, in Statute Measure, two Acres, two Rood, and twenty-eight Perch, adjoining to the said Piece of Marsh Ground last mentioned, being Part of a Meadow or Piece of Pasture Ground belonging to the said William Pike j and also all that Cottage and Garden situate near the said Meadow or Pasture Ground last mentioned; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Waste Ground containing in Statute Measure ninety five Acres, one Rood, and eight Rod, being Part of a large Piece of Marshy Waste Ground commonly called Hilfey Green, otherwise Hilfey Common; all which said Cottage, Garden, Meadow, Marsh, and Waste Ground, are situate and being in the Parish of ivimering, in the said County of Southampton; and also all that the common Field of Hilfey, commonly called or known by the Name of Breach, situate and being in the said Parish of ivimering, containing together, in Statute Measure, sixteen Acres, two Roods, and twenty-three Rods and an Half; and all that Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground, now taken into the said Field on the East Side thereof, from a Tenement called Gryphon's 'tenement; and all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land adjoining to, and at the North End of the said Field, containing, in Statute Measure, one Acre and nineteen Rods; and all that Barn and Yard adjoining to the West Side of the Field, now or late in the Occupation of William jvaunore; all which said Premises last mentioned are situate in the said Parish of jvimer ing; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing, in Statute Measure, two Acres, three Rood, and thirty-one Rod, Part of a Close of Land called Moor Close, otherwise Morrice Close; all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing, in Statute Measure, two Acres, three Rood, and one Rod, Part of a close of Land called Hambrooke \ and all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Land, containing, in Statute Measure, one Acre, three Rood, and twenty rod, Part of a Close of Land called Haven's Croft; all which said three Pieces or Parcels of Land are situate in the Parish of Portsea, in the said County of Southampton, near the Fortifications of the Town of Portsmouth aforesaid; and also those three Pieces or Parcels of Furze Land, containing together, by Statute Measure, twenty-five Acres, three Rood, and sixteen Perches; and also two Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together, by Statute Measure, fourteen Acres, two Rood, and two Perch; all which five several Pieces or Parcels of Furze and Arable Land, are situate on the North Side of for tonne Lake, near Gosport, in the Parish of alver/loke, in the said County of Southampton; and also all that Piece or Parcel ot Land, situate near Prompt on, containing two Acres, two Rood, and twenty Rod, be the same hnore or less; all that Piece or Parcel of Land adjoining to the said last mentioned Piece of Land, containing six Acres three Rood, and thirteen Rod, be the same more or less; which laid two Pieces of Land were formerly Part of two Fields called Brick Kiln Field, and Great Binfeads; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land lying at the South East Corner of his Majesty's Lines at Chatham, containing four Acres and one Rood, be the same more or less, now in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Field, Inholder, his Undertenants or Assigns; all which said three Pieces or Parcels of Land are situate and being in or near Chatham aforesaid, in the County of Kent; shall be, and are hereby vefied and settled and declared and taken to be in the actual and real Possession and Seisin of the Right Honourable Arthur Or.jloiv Esquire, the Right Honourable Charles Powlett Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Winchester; Alexander Thifethwayte Esquire; William Courtenay Baronet; Sir Richard jvorvuick Bampfyfde Baronet; the Honourable Lewis jvation Esquire; Honourable Robert Fairfax Esquire; Sir John Molesworth Baronet; James Buller Esquire; their Heirs and

Assigns,

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 39. 299

Assigns for ever, in Trust nevertheless for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

Ecclesiastical or Civil, as at or immediately before the Time of making this Act, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their several Estates and Interests

therein at the same Time, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise, until such Estates and

Interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, and the several Sum or Sums of Money, and

Interest for the same, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum for one Year, for the gross Sum that 4perccnt. Interestai

shall be assessed for the true and real Value thereof, in Manner and Form as is herein after menti lw, ed Ior 1 on the

oned and expressed, shall be paid. 'vte7,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That reasonable and just Compensation purci, afe money to be and Satisfaction shall be made out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament, for and in respect pa; d 0ut"of the next Aids of the said Lands herein before mentioned, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and granted in Parliament. Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better ascertaining the several Owners and Proprie Commissioners of Claims tors of the said Lands, and their respective Titles and Claims thereto, it shall and may be lawful to to be appointed by his and for his Majesty, by one or more Commission or Commissions, by Letters Patent under the Majesty;

Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorise and appoint any Number of Persons to be of to hear and determine all Titles and Claims that shall or may be made to the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof; which Commissioners so to be appointed, who are to proceed in a or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, and shall and may, in a summary summary Way in their Manner, proceed, at and determine, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses, upon Oath ( which Determinations, b) Exa. Oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) inspection and exa mination of Deeds, Writings and Records, or by Inquest of twelve good and lawful Men to be im dences, or by a furvof panelled and sworn in Manner herein after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said Inquest;

Ways, or otherwise according to their Direction, all and all Manner of Rights, Estates and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates and Questions, which shall happen and arise between any Person or Persons whatsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Premises, or any Part thereof; and shall have Power to send for any Person or Persons, and oblige them to produce with power to send for their Deeds or Writings, upon Oath, relating to any of the same Premises; and also shall and may, persons and Papers; by Agreement with the respective Person or Persons that shall be determined to be the Owners and and to agree for, or de proprietors of the said Lands, or by the said Inquest of the said twelve good and lawful Men to be termine the Value of impanelled and sworn, inquire, proceed, at and determine, touching and concerning the true and the Premiflej, by any of real Value the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof, were or was of at the Time the same those Ways and Means; were first made use of for the Purposes aforesaid; the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to cause all their Judgments and Decrees to be entered fairly in Books; which Judgments and Decrees shall expressly mention and specify the respective House or Houses, their judgments and De number of Acres or Parcels of Lands, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with crees to be entered in the Name or Names of every Person or Persons interested respectively in the same, and the respectproper Books, specifying tive Sum or Sums that shall be so agreed for, or afiefled by the said Jury to be paid for the same re the Particulars of the spectively; which Judgments and Decrees shall likewise be fairly ingrossed on Parchment, and certi Land th Proprietors, fied to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King's Remembrancer in his Majesty's an. " rc 3 e m. Court of Exchequer; and such Judgments and Decrees made as aforesaid shall be final, and shall fn^otred^on^parchment' conclude all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, to % ccertified to the their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and assigns respectively, notwithstanding any Clerk of the Crown in Disability or Incapacity whatsoever; any Law, Statute or Custom, or other Matter or Thing Chancer and to there" whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; Copies of which said Judgments and Decrees shall be^ht'ue^hc'fa'me^o be laid forthwith before both Houses of Parliament, that a just and reasonable Compensation and Satis finatand conclude ° £ faction may be made to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements and and Copies thereof to be Hereditaments. < said before Parliament,

in order to 'he granting

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better carrying the pep; e0nr^t, on to lhe said Commission or Commissions into Execution, the said Commissioners to be appointed in and commissioners ma issue by the said Commission or Commissions, or any five or more of them, shall, and lawfully may, and warrants to therespec are hereby authorised and required, to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands tivt.sheriffs for impanei and Seals, to be directed to the respective Sheriffs of the respective Counties wherein such Messuages, ling and summoningju lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall lie, thereby commanding them respectively, to impanel, nes > summon and return, before the said Commissioners, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, a good and sufficient Jury of substantia! Gentleman and Freeholders, who, upon their Oaths (which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Power to administer) shall inquire into the true and real Value of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and every Part or Parcel thereof, and who respectively are the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and their respective Estates and Interests therein; and the Sheriffs of the sheriff to obey the said said Counties respectively, upon Receipt of such Warrant or Warrants from the said Commissioners Warrants, and summon as aforesaid, are hereby required to impanel, summon and return twenty-four good and lawful Men, and return a Jury accor substantial Gentlemen and Freeholders of the respective Counties; and at the Return of such war dingly' rant or Warrants to attend the said Commissioners, with his Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necef and to attend n fary, the Summons of the Jurors so to be impanelled and returned respectively, upon Oath; which 'o^ove the Service ct Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Power to administer to the said such Summons, ifne

q_q 2 Sheriff, ceflary,

Sheriff neglecting his Duty in any of the premises:

and complied with such vvarr

ant.

o C 39. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 17 57-

Sheriff, and his Baalliffs and Officers, or any or either of them; and in case the said Sheriff or Sheriffs of the said Counties, or any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse, being duly served with such Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners fourteen Days before the Return thereof, to impanel, summon and return such Jury of good and lawful Men as aforesaid, or shall not attend the said Commissioners with his Bailiffs and Officers, who shall summon the said Jurors at the Return of such tob: proceeded against in Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; and in either of the said Cases, upon Complaint made upon a summary Way, upon Oath, in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord ST "£«rlhigh Chancellor, Lord Keep er of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners for ex shall havvmade^atisfac ecuting the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or for the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, to proceed in a summary Way, by Motion made in the said Court against the said Sheriff, as for a Contempt of that Court, until the said Sheriff or Sheriffs shall have made Satisfaction to his Majesty, and all other Person and Persons that shall receive any Injury by such Neglect or Refusal of the said Sheriff or Sheriffs respectively to comply with such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; in case the said Jurors so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, or any or ei jjror neglecting his^there of them, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, and to Duty, wnhout iawiu.^b. c. sworn for the Purposes aforesaid; and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for Sam n^"exceeding1 to the Commissioners then assembled and met, to feta Fine upon each and every of the Jurors so impanelled, summoned and returned, and without lawful Excuse (to be allowed of by the said Finco to be estreated into Commissioners then sitting, or the major Part of them) making Default, or refilling to be sworn, the Exchequer. not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Fine and Fines

so to be set, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to estreat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of his Majesty.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Jury hall not appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to adjourn the said Inquest to any future Day, not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than four Days from the Adjournment thereof;

and Warrants to be issued and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impanelling, summoning and returning an equal for returning a proper Number of Jurors with the said Jurors so making Default, who, together with the Jurors before returned by the Sheriff's of the respective Counties, upon such second Warrant or Warrants, afterwards to be issued, or upon any future Warrant or Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to issue and make, from Time to Time, until a sufficient Jury can be had, shall inquire as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest aforesaid, and that in case twelve or more (not exceeding twenty-three in the whole) shall appear and be sworn to take such Inquest, then and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall continue

: i]{s the inquestbe taken, an from Day today, until the said Inquest shall be taken, and the Judgments and Decrees and judgement be given thereon made,

thereon. VII. And, to the Intent that no Person or Persons may have any Excuse or Pretence for not appearing

to make out their Claim or Title to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredita 30 Days previous No ments, or any Part or Parcel thereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five or tice 10 be given of Com more of the said Commissioners, shall give Notice in Writing thirty Days at least before their meet missioners Meeting for ing at each Place; which Writing shall be affixed at the Gates of the respective Docks of ports urpoies a ore ai, moutf^ Chatham, and Plymouth; and on the Door of the respective Town Halls of Portsmouth, ro and where Persons refuse chester and Plymouth; and shall likewise cause it to be published in the London Gazette: And if any per to appear, or produce the son or Persons shall neglect or refuse to appear; or when he or they shall appear, shall wilfully residences of their claims, fuse to show his or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises, that then the said commissioninquest, c. to temadeners, or any five or more of them, and the Jurors to be impanelled and sworn upon such Inquest, upon the best infoima shall proceed, upon the best Information they can get or have, to make such Inquest, Judgments and Decrees, as before directed; and all such Judgments and Decrees being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time that Payment shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money so to be agreed for or assessed by the said Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the said Owners and Proprietors of thetaid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, herein before mentioned,

or to any or either of them, the said Trustees, herein before mentioned, ball be deemed and ad lifed of the premic'es11 JU^SC(' to stand seized of such Part or Parcel of the said Premises as shall be so paid for, to and for divrfted of ail Right and the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Right, Title, Claim and Demand whatsoever, that can or may be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Building or Buildings, shall be made or eredfed upon any of the Lands vested in his Majesty as aforesaid; and that the whole Profits arising, or that shall hereafter arise from the said Lands, be, and are

Inqucrt to be adjourned for want of a sufficient Jury;

Number of Jurors.

Twelve to be a Jury; and upon the Jurors be ing sworn, Commissio

tion can be had.

Upon Payment of the Sums awarded to the Proprietors,

Claim.

No private Building? to le erctled on the said Lands;

lurrffrm t'o^ta^led hereby appropriated and applied for and towards the Ercdlion and Reparation of the respective Korin Reparation of the tifications of each Place, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and all and singular the pre lortificaiions. nufics, shall be, and are hereby enacted and declared to be, unalienable from the Crown, neither

shall any Part of the Premiflls be demised or dcmifeable, other wise than during Pleasure only.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 39. 301

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and commissionfm, upon

for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Complaint of any Owner or imt

Owners of any messuages, Lands or Hereditaments, adjoining to any Part of the Lands by this at make a"eflhmte of the vested in the said Trustees, that he, she or they, have received any Damage, by making and raising Damage done to private the said Intrenchments, Lines or Fortifications, to inquire, hear and make an Estimate of the Da Grounds, by making the mage that shall be sustained by any such Owner or Owners of the neighbouring Lands so complain Nsw Works;

ing, by Means or Reason of making and erecting 'the said new Works, and shall return such efti inate, with and in the Manner they return their Decrees and Judgments touching the Lands actually

made use of in the said Works; and may also consider and report their Opinions and Sentiments, Roads

what Roads may be properly laid out for the Conveniency of the Owners of adjacent Lands, with may properly be laid out out Prejudice to the said Fortifications. for the Conveniency cf

the adjacent Lands.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Lord Lord of the Manor of and Lords of the Manor of Stoke Darner ell for the time being, and their tenants, Servants and Agents, Stoke Damerell, allowed from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, within such Distance from the High Water Mark, ^her5stones, 'proper for as shall be allotted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, so as no Prejudice be building, or paving the done thereby to his Majesty's Soil, Lines or Fortifications, to dig and get out of the Cliffs and Sea Streets of the Town, Banks, lying between Mutton Cove and the said Joseph Hooper s Yard aforesaid, and between the said within a certain Distance Yard and the House called the Passage House, near the Ferry at Stonehouse aforesaid, Lime Stones and of the Works other Stones to be employed in and for the building and repairing Houses, and paving Streets, in

the Manor and Parish of Stoke Datncrell aforesaid; to make and build Kilns in or under the said and to build Lime Kilns; Cliffs, for the burning and manufacturing the said Lime, so as no Stones be dug, nor any Kiln be made or erected within the Distance of one hundred and fifty Yards on either Side of the said Yard; and also to have, use and enjoy, the foot way and Passage now used from Stonehouse Ferry aforesaid, and to enjoy a foot way to Dock Town aforesaid, and the Way or Passage now used, or some other convenient Way or Paf 't^doektovvn*&c

sage to be laid out and appointed by the principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, or whom they erryt0 0ck shall appoint, leading from Mutton Cove aforesaid, to Dock Town aforesaid; also some convenient Way or Passage to be laid out and appointed as aforesaid, from the Lime Kiln now erected

between Hooper's Yard aforesaid, and the Passage House aforesaid, to the Dock Tozun aforesaid, for conveying and carrying such Stones and Lime, and all Materials proper for getting, burning, and manufacturing the same, with Horses, Cattle, Carts and Carriages, at ail convenient Garrison Hours and Times, from the said Cliffs and Sea Banks, to the Dock Town aforesaid, so as the laying out, making, using or occupying, the Fortifications or other Works intended to be made and erected on the said Premises, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, pursuant to this act, shall not thereby be in any wise prejudiced, obstruefted or hindered.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said and also to enjoy a proper

Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Stoke Damerell for the Time being, to have, use and enjoy a Landing Place on mut proper and convenient Landing Place, in and on a certain Place called Mutton Cove, with sufficient jt'a"nd wharves Ground not exceeding one Acre in the whole, to b'uild and erect proper Keys and Wharves, for thereon, and a Carriage

landing, laying, bellowing and keeping all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, as shall be way to the same;

brought thereto, and to load and unload the same, in, upon or from such Wharves, Keys and Landing Places, to, from or on Board of any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, so as there shall be no other

Buildings, Storehouses or Sheds erected on the said Acre of Land, than what are now erected there; and also the Way, Road and Passage, or some other convenient Way, Road or Passage, to be laid out and appointed as aforesaid, from Mutton Cove aforesaid, to Dock Town aforesaid, for all Sorts of Horses, Cattle and Carriages, to and from such Wharves and Keys, to the Dock Town in the said Parish of Stoke Damerell aforesaid

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the with the several Landing Lord or Lords of the Manor of Stoke Damerell for the Time being, to have, use and enjoy, the fe piaccs' enough used veral Landing Places now used for Boats passing over the Creek or River, to and from Dock Tozun ° rei tan aforesaid, and to and from Mutton Cove aforesaid, and the House at Stonehouse Passage, called the

Passage House, with the Appurtenances, together with the said Roads, Ways and Passages, herein before mentioned, to and from the said Places respectively.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Ferry or Ferry Boat No Ferry Boat to be shall be made, setup, or used for the Passage over the said Creek, to and from Dock Town afore made use of for Passage said, or to and from Mutton Cove, on any of the Lands hereby vested in the said Trustees, other ?ver the Creek ex.cepc than for carrying and transporting Soldiers, Sailors and Marines, and Ordnance, Naval and Vic in e king s Seiflcej\ tualling Stores, or for any other Use or Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, without x^/of th^manor. the Licence and Consent of the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Stoke Damerell aforesaid for the

Time being. L

XV. Provided always, That no Commissioners who shell be employed in the Execution of this Commissioners exempted

at, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an from the Penalties or the Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act of 25 Car z c

for preventing Dangers tuhich may happen from Popish Recusants; or in one other at made in the first

Y ear of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths i W. & M. C 8. of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, or in one other at made in the Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, 13 & 14 W. 3. C 6,

intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Successton of the Crown in the

Protestant

3°2

C 40. Anno tricesimo primo Georgiiii. A.D. 1757.

Prate ft ant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of W ales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; or in one other al made in the Parliament begun and held and i Geo. X C 13. in the first Year of the Reign of the late King George, intituled, An Act for the further Security

of his majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of tl»e late Prince

Sophia, being Protefanis, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

nor is their Scat in Par

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate Lament vacated thereby. for the purposes in this at, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any sort be disabled or disqualified from sitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void; any

Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XL

An Act to ascertain the Weight of Trufies of Straw, and to punish Deceits in the Sale of Hay and Straw in Trufies in London, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the Distance of thirty Miles thereof j and to prevent common Salesmen of Hay and Straw from buying the same on their own Account, to sell again, and also to restrain Salesmen, Brokers, or Factors in Cattle, from buying on their own Account, to sell again, any Live Cattle in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or which are driving up thereto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great Abuses are committed by Persons selling Straw in Bundles or Trusses

WH.

in the City of London, and within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other 1 Places about London, of less Weight than the same ought to be, and are pretended to be, between e Buyer and Seller; and also by putting into Bundles or Trusses of Straw and Hay exposed for Sale, Straw and Hay different in Goodness or Quality from what the Straw or Hay, by the Out ' side of such Bundles or Truffes, appears to be, and also by putting other Things into or amongst such Bundles or Truffes of Straw and Hay, to make up or add thereto a false Weight: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, all Straw which shall be sold or delivered in, or brought to or exposed for Sale in London, or any Place comprised with the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be sold and delivered in Bundles or Truffes, each whereof shall be firmly bound or tied up; and that every such Bundle or Truss of Straw shall be the full Weight of thirty six Pounds of good and found Straw, exclusive of any other Thing which shall be put therein; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, sell or deliver, or bring into, or exfold fn Trufies, whether nose for Sale, in London, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, or in any

within the said Weekly Place within the Distance of thirty Miles from the Extent of any Part of the Limits of the said

Bi is, or 30 Miles Di Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Straw shall be sold in Bundles or Trusses, any Bundle or Truss aner.an a evan gtr^w which shall be of less Weight than thirty six Pounds of good and found Straw, or which shall be in the Inflde of any such Bundle or Truss of different Goodness or Quality from what the same by the Outside of any such Bundle or Truss, shall appear to be, he, she or they, who shall

so offend in the Premises, on being convicted thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall for a'nd pay every Time any such Straw shall be brought for Sale, or sold or delivered in London, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Adortality, not in Bundles or Trusses, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Bundle or Truss of Straw, which he, she or they shall lcll, or bring into, or expose for Sale in London, or within the Limits of the said

Weekly Bills of Mortality, or in any Place within the said Distance of thirty Miles from the Extent

of the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Straw shall be usually sold by the Bundle or Truss, which shall not be of the said full Weight of thirty six Pounds of good and found Straw, or which shall be proved to be, in the Inflde of any such Bundle or Truss, of different Goodness or Quality from what the same, by the Outside of any such Bundle or Truss, shall appear to be.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority a#)rcsaid, That every Truss of Hay which, after rude up in like Manner, the fajj twenty ninth Days September, shall be sold in, or brought into, or exposed for Sale, in

Jnf r0ud London, or any Place comprised within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, or which shall be sold in any Place within the said Distance of thirty miles from the Extent of the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Hay shall be sold in Bundles or Truffes, shall be made up with good and found Hay only, and such as the same shall appear to be by the Outside of every such Bundle or Truss; that such Hay only as shall be good and found shall be deemed and taken to be the hay which is to make up the Weight every Truss of Hay by Lav ought to he.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pair of Bands with which any Truss of Hay shall be bound, shall not exceed the Weight of five Pounds; upon Pain that every Person who shall sell any Truss of Hay with Bands of a greater Weight than five Pounces, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling.

1 IV. And

Straw to be sold within the Weekly Bills, is to be made up into Trufies 'firmly bound, and to weigh 36lb. of sound Straw.

v/here Straw is usually

or 30 Miles Di I, and shall be want ing of that Weight, or shall he in the Inside of a worfc Quality than the Outside imports, the Offender forfeits, for all Straw not sold or dc liverej fn Trufies, 40 s. and for every Truss under Weight, or of a rtixt Quality, X s.

trultes of Hay tn be

ness throughout; and the sound Hay to be allowed in Weight only.

Wright of the Bands of a l'russ of Hay not to rxceei; lb. on l'cnalty> of labelling J S.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. 303

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons employed Persons employed tobind

to bind Hay or Straw, shall not bind up and make the same into Bundles or Truflies of such Weight ^, or Stra^» "ot con and Quality as is directed by this Act, every such Person so offending shall! forfeit and pay the Sum forfeit 36? per

of threepence for every Bundle or Truss of Hay or Straw, not being of such Weight and Quality; Trufc, the Owner ob provided the same be objected to by the Owner, thereof within twenty-four Hours after the same jetting within 24. Hours, shall be so bound or made up, and before the same shall be removed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Salesman buying, after ninth Day of September, no Person shall act as a common Salesman in selling Hay or Straw for any 29 September, Hav or other Person for Gain or Reward, or by Commission, in London, or within the said Limits of the Slrav* n B, s. own Ac said Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall directly or indirectly buy any Hay or Straw on his own Ac covn 0 e asain' count, other than what he shall purchase to spend for his own Use; and that if any such Person who shall so ad as a Salesman of Hay or Straw shall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, buy any Hay or Straw on his own Account to sell again; or shall sell in London, or within the said or af: er 29 sfp*

Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, any Hay or Straw which shall have been bought by whhm the wtkiybills, him on his Account, he, she or they, on being convicted thereof in Manner herein after mentioned, Hay or Straw bought by shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one Shilling for every Truss of such Hay limon his own ac or Straw which shall be so sold by or for him. count, forfeits is. per

VI. And in order to prevent any undue Pradiccs between the Owners or Salesmen of Hay or trul.s*

Straw, and the Servants of the Buyers thereof 5 and to the End it may be known at what Price

Hay or Straw sold within the Limits aforesaid, shall be actually sold; Be it further enacted by the a re?ifter to be kept in Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, there shall be kept the Hay Markets within in the Hay Market in the City of London, and at every other Hay Market within the Limits of the lond°n» and the wiek said Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Hay or Straw is or shall be allowed to be sold, a Book or ly Register for entering and registering therein an Account of all Hay and Straw which shall be sold in any such Hay Market respectively; that such Book or Register shall be kept in London by the in London, by the proper Hay Weigher, who shall be appointed by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City Hay Weigher; of London, to weigh the Hay brought for Sale into the said City, or his Deputy or Deputies; and and in other 1>la^es fcy out of the said City of London, within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, by the thecleik or T: 1 clerk or toll gatherer of every Hay Market within the said Limits, or his or their Deputy or De got erer',

puties; and that every Person who shall sell any Hay or Straw in London, or within the Limits of Vender, within a limi the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, his Servant or Agent, shall within six Hours after any Hay or ted Time, to make an Straw shall, at any Time, be sold in any public Hay Market in London, or within the said Limits Ently therein of the of the Weekly Bills of Mortality and within seven Days after every Sale of Hay or Straw in London, rstraw by

or within the said Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be made, out of any such Hay ltr>

Market in London, or in any Place within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, make

an Entry in the Book or Register of the Hay Market, in which any such Hay or Straw shall be

sold; or where the same shall not be sold in any such Hay Market, then in the Book or Register

of the Hay Market which shall be most contiguous to the Place in London, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, in which any such Hay or Straw shall be sold; distinguishing distinguishing ihe nama

therein the Names and Places of Abode of the Owners and Sellers of any such Hay or Straw, and and Flaces of Abcde of the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Buyer or Buyers thereof, and also of the Person he Owner3 > Sellers, and

or Persons for whom or for whose Use any such Hay or Straw shall be so bought, and also the Day ure the same was bought

in which such Hay or Straw shall be so bought, and the true Price at which the same shall be really with the Date and Price;

sold; and every Person who shall sell any such Hay or Straw, his Servant or Agent, shall sign his and to sign the said En

Name, or set his Mark, to every such Entry which he shall so make or cause to be made, and shall try and Pay ld See to pay for the same to the Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, who shall keep such he erk.

or Register as aforesaid, the Sum of one Penny; and every such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or jr1'1 person ovpay

toll gatherer of the Market, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall at all seasonable Times in the Day ing 2\.

time, and during the Market Hours herein after mentioned, permit any Person to have Recourse to,

and inspect any such Book or Register which shall be so kept for any such Hay Market; the Person

so desiring to inspeift the same, paying for every such Inspection the Sum of one Halfpenny; and if Vender neglecting to

the Seller of any such Hay or Straw in London, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of make such ent.y, Stc,

Mortality, his Servant or Agent, shall not make such Entry as aforesaid in such Book or Register,

within the said Space of six Hours after any Sale shall be made of any such Hay or Straw in any

public Hay Market in London, or within the said Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and

within the said Space of seven Days after every Sale of any Hay or Straw in London, or within the said Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, out of any such Hay Market, or shall not flgn his

Name or put his Mark thereto, or shall refuse to pay for making any such Entry, or shall give in or giving in 2 falseorun

or cause to be entered in any such Book or Register, any false or untrue Account of the Quantity true Account, forfeits

of Hay or Straw sold, or of the Price at which the same was really sold, or of the Name 6? Place ^an^io8 CS, nt

of Abode of any Buyer of such Hay or Straw; every Owner or Seller of any such Hay or Straw, e s 1 an 10'*

his Servant or Agent, who shall so offend, shall, on being convicted thereof in Manner herein after

mentioned, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor

less than ten Shillings; and if any Hay Weigher in London, or Clerk or toll gatherer of any Hay and Hay Weigher or

Market within the Limits aforesaid, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall omit or neglect to cle.k, Vc. neglecting

keep such Book or Register, or shall delay or refuse to let any Entry hereby directed to be made his duty.in ft' Pmnuf

therein, or shall demand any greater Price than one Penny for making any such Entry, or one Half Mainer0'"

penny for permitting such Book or Register to be at any Time perused or examined, or shall '

knowingly

3°4-

C 40.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Ko Register to be made of Hay or Straw sold in a less Quantity than four Trufies, in a Day, to one Person; of any delivered on special Contrail: but such only to be registered as is brought to Market for Sale, and which shall be there sold.

Proper Scales and Weights, or Engines for weighing Hay and Straw, to be provided by the Hay Weighers and Clerks of the Markets.

Fees payable foryhe Use thereof.

Where any Doubt shall arise about the due Weight of such Hay or Straw as shall not have been weighed in the Markets, the Buyer may weigh the same in the Prciente of the Seller; and if either be diflatil fkd therewith,

he may apply to the Hay Weigher or Clerk of the Market, who is to see the same weighed over again.

and ascertain the Weight;

zs. 10 be paid him for his Trouble, by the Complainant;

to be repaid, if the Hay or Straw shall be of due Weight by the Buyer;

if wanting of its Weight, by the Seller;

Hiy Weigher, drc. not providing proper Scales and Wc ghtr, or other wise rcgledting his Duty in the ihen iftrs, Ibjfciis not exceeding 20 s, ixr lei's than 10 s.

knowingly fufter or permit any untrue Entry to be made in any such Book or Register, or shall re fuse at any seasonable Time in the daytime, in Market Hours, to permit any Person to inspect any Entry which shall be made in any such Book or Register; such Person who shall so offend in the Premises, shall for every such Offence, on being convicsled thereof in Manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this at contained shall oblige any Person to register any Hay or Straw which shall be sold within the Limits aforesaid, in any less Quantity than four Truffes in any Day, to any one Person.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this al contained shall oblige any Person to register any Hay or Straw which he shall deliver in London, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, on Special Contrail or Agreement; but such Hay and Straw only which shall be sent or brought into London, or some Place within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, to be sold, and which shall be accordingly there sold, shall be registered as before is directed; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided by the Hay Weigher of the said City of London, and by every Clerk or toll gatherer of every Hay Market within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, and kept at every such Hay Market in London, and within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, proper Scales and Weights, or Engines, for the weighing all Hay and Straw which shall be there brought for Sale, or shall be required to be there weighed; and such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Hay Market, or his or their Deputy, shall on Application to him or them for that Purpose made cause all Hay or Straw, which shall be there brought and required to be weighed, to be duly weighed, and with all convenient Speed, after any Request shall be made for weighing thereof; and such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, or his Deputy, shall be paid by the Party requiring any such Hay or Straw to be so weighed, the Sum of one Shilling and no more, for weighing every Load of such Hay or Straw; and if less than a Load of Hay or Straw shall be there weighed, then the Sum of one Halfpenny for every Truss of such Hay or Straw which shall he there weighed; and if any Doubt shall at any Time arise, whether any Hay or Straw brought into London, or in any Market or Place within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, and which shall not have been weighed at any such Hay Market, is of the due Weight the same ought to be, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Buyer thereof, on the Delivery of such Hay or Straw at his or her Abode, Yard, Lofr, or other Place, where the same shall be agreed by the Seller to be delivered, to cause the same to be weighed in the Presence of the Seller, or his Servant or Agent, who shall deliver the same; and if on the same being so weighed, the Buyer or Seller of any uch Hay or Straw, his Servant or Agent, shall be dissatisfied with any such weighing thereof, it shall be lawful for any such Buyer or Seller, his Servant or Agent, with all convenient Speed then afterwards to apply to the Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Hay Market, his or their Deputy or Deputies, which shall be nearest to the Place where any such Hay or Straw shall be delivered, to see the same weighed over again; and on any such Application being made, the Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, who shall be so applied to, his Deputy or Deputies, shall with all convenient Speed after any such Application shall be so made, come to the Place where such Hay or Straw shall be, within the Limits aforesaid, and shall there see such Hay or Straw as shall be complained of as wanting in Weight, again weighed, and the Weight thereof which shall be ascertained by any such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall be conclusive to all Parties; but the Person who shall require any such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or soil gatherer of the Market, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, to attend and weigh any such Hay or Straw out of any such Hay Market, shall pay to such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market as aforesaid, or his or their Deputy, to attend to see the same so weighed, the Sum of two Shillings, before any such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, his Deputy or Deputies, shall be obliged to go to see any such Hay or Straw weighed out of any such Hay Market; and if any Hay or Straw which shall be weighed out of any such Hay Market, shall be found by the Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, or his or their Deputy, to be of the due Weight the same ought to be, then the two Shillings which shall have been paid to or for such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, to attend to see such Hay or Straw weighed, shall be forthwith repaid by the Buyer of such Hay or Straw u the Seller thereof, in case the Seller paid such two Shillings; and if the Hay or Straw which shall be so weighed, stall be found not to be of the due Weight the same ought to he, then II the Buyer thereof paid the said two Shillings, the same shall be forthwith repaid to him by the Seller of such Hay or Straw; and if any Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of any such Hay Market, or his or their Deputy, shall omit to provide and keep proper Scales and due Weights or h ngines for the weighing Hay or Straw at such Hay Market, or shall neglect or refuse to weigh any Hay or Straw, which shall be required to be there weighed by him or them, or to attend to see the same weighed out of such Hay Market at any Place within the Limits aforesaid, when thereunto required at any seasonable Time in the daytime, and so as the said Sum of two Shillings shall have been paid or tendered to him so to attend; every such Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Market, his Deputy or Deputies, so offending in the Premilles, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. 305

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Hay or Straw sold within the said Distance of thirty Miles from the Extent of the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, and touching which there shall be any Doubt of Want of Weight, hall and may, on the Delivery thereof at the House, Yard, Lost, or any other Place whereat the same shall be agreed to fh" Place of Ddivcry* be delivered, or shall be delivered by the Seller thereof, be there weighed; and that no Person shall e incur any Penalty for selling, or exposing to Sale, any Hay or Straw of less Weight, or worse Quality than the same ought to be, unless such Hay or Straw shall be weighed either at or before the Delivery, with the Privity of the Buyer, his Servant or Agent, or complained of in respect of the Quality, unless the Hay Quality thereof, at the Time and Place at which the same shall be agreed to be delivered by the Sel or Straw be weighed ler, in the Presence of such Seller, his Servant or Agent; unless such Seller, his Servant or Agent, cither at or before the on Request made, or on Notice given to him or them to attend to see such Hay or Straw so weighed, v 1'07fhe bu Vr <oru" hall refuse or neglect to attend to see the same so weighed; anything in this Act, or any other Act complained ofjas toits to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Quality, at the Time

and Place of Delivery; and the Seller refuse to attend, c.

Where there shall be a Doubt of Want of Weigh', the Hay or

and the Seller is not liable to a Penalty either in rrfpeft of Weight or

XL. And whereas Salesmen, Brokers, or Factors, employed by Feeders of Cattle or Farmers, to For former Linot ctr.cer sell their Live Lattle within the City of London, or within the said Limits of the Weekly Bills of !t'p r'ftr 4 4 Mortality, maybe guilty of many Abuses greatly to the Prejudice of their Employers, by indirectly p 7

selling such Cattle, and by that Means, flocking Lands, which they may hire for that Purpose, 1. c. 2. \2car.l.jc.i. 4 near the Markets within the said City of London or Weekly Bills of Mortality, where such Cattle 20 Car. 2. C 7. 22 Car, may be brought to be sold again, whenever they hall find a proper Time or Opportunity of selling 2 c. 3 32 Car -

the same to Advantage; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and c c. 8'

after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, no Salesman, or other Broker or Factor, who shall be^' c'

employed to buy or sell any Sort of Cattle for others, by Commission, or for Reward to be paid or t bu^orvel^canfcior taken, shall by himself, or any Servant or Agent, directly or indirectly, on or for his own Account, others, are not to buy 0." buy any Live Ox, Bull, Cow, Steer, Bullock, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or Swine, in London, k lion their own ac or within the said Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, or at any Place whilst any such count.

Cattle shall be on the Road, or be driving, bringing or coming up, to be sold or offered to or for Sale, in London, or at any other Place within the said Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality (other than such Cattle which any such Salesman, Broker, or Factor, shall adhially purchase for the (Exception) necessary Use or Provision of his Family, and hall actually use accordingly); and that no such Salesman, Broker, or Factor, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, hall sell or expose, or offer to or for Sale, on his own Account, in London, or at any Place within the said Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, either by himself or his Servant, or Agent, any Live Ox, Bull, Cow,

Steer, Bullock, Heifer, Calf, Sheep Lamb, or Swine; upon Pain that every Person who shall so

offend in the Premises, shall every Time he shall be convicted of any such Offence in Manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every such Offence double the Value of any Live Cattle, which on Penalty of forfeiting

he shall so buy or sell, on his own Account, contrary to the Tenor of this Act. double the Value.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Carts &c with Hay or

ninth Day of September, no Person or Persons shall permit or suffer his, her or their Wagon, Cart, s "a^fo4sa'e»to quor Car, loaden with Hay or Straw for Sale, to stand or be in the Hay Market in Smithfield in Lon Hour, on peualv s* don, or in any Hay Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, horn Lady Day to Michaelmas, '3

after four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady Day, after three of the Clock

in the Afternoon, upon Pain to forfeit and pay, for every such Offence respectively, five Shillings;

but before any Forfeiture for the said lad mentioned Offence shall be incurred, the Hay Weigher, Hay Weigher or Clerk,

Clerk, or toll gatherer of the Hay Market, or his or their Deputy, shall, on every Market Day &c to give an hour's

(to wit) Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, in every Week, ring a large Hand Bell round the Hay n°tlce> b rins ns of a

Market of which he shall be Hay Weigher, Clerk, or toll gatherer, of the Market, either in Lone '

don, or within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, one Hour before the Expiration of the

Time above appointed for Persons bringing Hay or Straw for Sale into any such Hay Market, to leave the same; and on any Default of ringing such Bell, as aforesaid, being made, no Person using and on Default of such

any such Hay Market, for the Purpose of Selling Hay or Straw, shall, the next immediate usual Notice, no Toll is to be

Market Day or Days after any such Default in ringing such Bell as aforesaid, shall be made, be Paid for landing the next

liable to pay any Toll for any Wagon, Cart, or Carr, landing, or that shall stand, in any Market Day

such Hay Market, to sell Hay or Straw; and every such Hay Market is hereby in that Case, and

on the next Market Day in which any such Default as aforesaid of ringing such Bell shall be made,

declared to be toll free.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall Carts Handing in the

incur any Penalty for suffering his Wagon, Cart, or Carr, loaden with Hay or Straw for Sale, to Market during certain be in any such Hay Market from Lady Day to Michaelmas ^ifter three of the Clock in the Afternoon, not iable to

and from Michaelmas to Lady Day, after two of the Clock in the Afternoon any other Law or Usage r eit*

to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

XIV. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Per Prosecution to be com

son shall be convicted for any of the before mentioned Offences, unless Prosecution for any such menced within 3 Days Offence shall be commenced within three Days after the Offence complained of shall have been aficr the 0fknce' committed.

C 40,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii XI

A.D. 1757.

XV. And, for the more speedy recovery of ell and every the Money which shall be forfeited Breach or non observance of any Part of this at, and for the disposing thereof; Be it further

and on the Parries appearing or not appearing their upcn, is to

Recovery and Application of Forfeitures, viz.

On Complaint nude, on enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Complaint being made, on Oath, to any Justice or Oath, of the Offence, Justices of the Peace of any Offence committed against this Atft, within his or their respective ju r'^ich°ns> just ce or Justices is and are hereby required and authorised to issue his or their w.'r.titt / P" r^to convene the person or persons charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this at, and also any Witness or Witnesses for any of the Parties, at a certain Time and Place in such Summons to be specified; if any one so summoned shall not appear on such Summons, or offer same reasonable Excuse for the Default, then any such Justice or Justices shall issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties so making Default within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices; and upon the Patty or Parties complained against appearing, or being brought before any such justice or Justices on his or their Warrant or Warrants; or in case the Froc ed Parts or forties complained against shall not appear on such Summons being served on him, or left for to h ar and determine him or them at his or their usual Place of Abode, and Proof shall be made thereof, by Oath, before any the Matter of Complaint such Justice or Justices; every such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and rein a summary Way; quired to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the same by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Person or Persons as shall be requisite, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint; and, upon Confession of the Party, or Proof of one credible Witness, upon Oath, to convict or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint and on nonpayment of shall be made; and if the Money forfeited shall not be paid down on every such Conviction, every the Forfeiture, on Con such Justice or Justices shall issue his or their Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, for levying thereof within his or their jurisdiction, by Distress on the Goods and Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chattles, in case the Money forfeited, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall not be paid within five Days after the making any such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner thereof, upon Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and if any such Offender shall not have any Goods or Chattles within thejurif diction of such Justice or Justices, whereon the Money forfeited can be presently levied, any Justice or Justices within whose jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall be, shall and may issue a lefst lin jod s unkfs Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, on the Application, or Payment be sooner made, on the Behalf, of any Informer or Informers, to apprehend every such Offender and Offenders, and to commit him or them to some public Prison or House of Correction of the County, Division, City, Town, or Place, in which any such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than ten Days, from the Time of every such Commitment, unless such Offender or Offenders shall sooner pay the Money forfeited; and if any To an T' Witness who shall appear or be brought by any Warrant before any such Justice or Justices, shall exce^dibgiodays!" 6n0t re^ll^e to be examined, any such Person so refusing to be examined, may be committed by any such Justice or Justices to some Prison of the County, City, or Place, where such Witness shall so make Default, for any Time not exceeding ten Days from the Time of every such Commitment, as any such Justice or Justices shall think fit.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons convicted of any

Truss or Truffes of Hay, of less Weight than

viction, is 10 issue his Warrant for the levying thereof by Distress and Sale

and for want ef Distress to commit the Offender for any Time not exceeding 1 Month, nor

Witness refuting to be examined, may be com

Seller aggrieved by the Judgement of a Justice, jnav appal to the quar tcr scffiuns j

Offence punishable by this AI, or for selling any

the same ought to be, shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement or Determination of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal against the same to the Justices at the General or General Quarter sessions of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, in which any such Conviction shall have been made, which shall be held next after any such Conviction, unless such next General or General Quarter sessions of the Peace for any such County, City, or Place, shall be held within six Days next after any such Conviction; and if any such General or General Quarter sessions of the Peace, shall happen to be so held within the said Space of six Days next after any such Conviction, then it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons to appeal against any such Judgement or Determination, to the Justices at the second General or General Quarter sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County, City, or Place, next after vnvring into a reccpni any such Conviction; but the Party or Parties who shall think fit so to appeal, shall, before any such Appeal shall be received, enter into a Recognisance with two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, in double the Sum which such Person or Persons shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, to prosecute every such Appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide by and obey the Judgement and Determination of the Justices at any such General or General quar ter stiffens of the Peace on every such Appeal, and shall also give three Days Notice, in Writing, of every such Appeal, to, or leave the same at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall have prosecuted to Conviction the Party or Parties so appealing; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or General Quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and required, on every such Appeal being made, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and to award such Costs therein, as they in their Discretion shall deem meet; and the Determination of such Court of General or General Quarter sessions, on every such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties thereto, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

1 incf, and giving Security (o prosecute the Ap ce l with Effect j

and giving due Notice three iftdthcprofeeuur j.ft ices to hear and dc p rmine the Matter of the Appeal accordingly, nd award Colts 5

ib'ir Determination to v final, see.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 41; 307

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of al! Money for Forfeitures to be applied feited by this Act shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall pro One Mosetytothe roe fecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders against this Act, and that the other Moiety thereof futor»th" otj]er 1 "the shall go and be paid to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall oor ot Me arl* '

I have been committed.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the Parish or inhabitants deemed com place in which any Offence shall be committed against this Act, shall notwithstanding such Inhabi petent Witnesses. tancy, be a good and competent Witness.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Plaint, Action, or Suit, Limitation of Actions, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do or have done in pursuance or in Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be laid in the County or City where the Offence shall have been committed;

[General Issue.]

and such Person or Persons so sued, in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any

Trial to be bad thereupon; and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given, upon a Demurrer, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action, shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Treble Costs, same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases for Recovery of his or their Costs.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Deflrufhon of Trees.

[Preamble, reciting feve

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lord and Tenants, partof tfc]2'iiti 'nfstzt> any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood j and for more (jeo'2* C'3 effectually preventing the unlawful de/lructton of Trees; it is, among other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all other Owners of r'fcftfthcstatute if Wastes, Woods and Pastures, in that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein any Person or Merton, and to 13 Ed. 1, Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, hath or have a Right of Common of Pasture, by C 46. 35 H. 8. C 17. and with the Assent of the major part.in number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of Te 3 Ed. 6. C 3. nements, to which the said Right of Common of Pasture doth belong, and to and for the major 43 E C far5 fs Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of such Tenements, by and with the Assent 2^ Car. z. C 7*. of the Owner or Owners of the said Wastes, Woods and Pastures, and to and for any other Person9Gf 10 W. 3. C 36.'

or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, by and with the Afient and Grant of the Owner or Owners 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. 48,

of such Wastes, Woods and Pastures, and the Major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and 6 Geo c, Occupiers of such Tenements, to inclo/e and keep in Severalty, for the Growth and Preservation of Timber or Underwood, any Part of such Wastes, Woods and Pastures, for such Time, and in such Manner, and upon such Conditions, as shall be agreed by them respectively: And whereas it is by the said Act provided. That in case any Recompense shall be agreed to be given for such Enclosure, to or for the Benefit of the Owners and Occupiers of the Tenements to which the Right of Common in such Wastes, Woods and Pastures', doth belong, such Recompense shall be made either by a Grant of a Share of the Profit which shall arise from the Sale of the Timber or Underwood growing on the Ground or Soil so enclosed, or by a Grant of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or by some Annuity or Rent Charge issuing out of the said Ground or Soil so enclosed, or out of other Lands, ^'enements or Hereditaments, or shall be paid in Money, to be placed out at Interest on public Securities, or laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of some Annuity or Rent Charge issuing out of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and the Produce of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or such Annuity or Rent Charge, or the Interest of such Money, until the same shall be laid out in such Purchase as aforesaid, shall be paid from time to time to the Overseers or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish or Township, and shall be by them or him applied towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Township where such Wastes, Woods or Pastures, shall lie, and accounted for in such Manner as the Rates for Relief of the Poor are by Law directed to be accounted for: And whereas, in many Cases, the Right of Common of Pasture in the Ground or Soil enclosed, or intended to be enclosed, may not belong to all the Owners and Occupiers of Tenements within the Parishes or Townships wherein such Wastes, Woods, or Pastures, shall lie: And whereas the Owners and Occupiers of such Tenements, to which such pecular Right of Common doth belong, may refuse their Assent to an Enclosure, the Recompense for which is applicable to the General Relief of the Poor of the Parish, and not to them in Proportion to their particular Interests; and yet they may he willing to accept a different Recompense from that which is provided by the said Act; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Rf 2 Advice

3°8

The Reconpente to be Trade under the recited Act in respect of the R'ghts of Common of Patfure in Grounds to be indci ed for planing Trees, is to be paid to the Persons respectively i;

Tenants for Life, or for Terms of Years determinable thereupon, may execute th Powe s given by the recited and this Act, during their respective Interests.

But no Act of theirs is to have effect, after the Determination of such their Estate.

[Preamble.]

Act 13 & 14 Car. z.

C 12.

and several Clausesand Powers in the Act of 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. relating the ieto; and which were continued by several subsequent Acts, ate made perpetual.

17 Geo. 2. (. 40.

24 Geo. 2. c. 57.

Act 9 Geo. j. C zz. and which was continued by several subsequent Acts, j. made perpetual.

12 Geo. J. to.

6 Geo. 2. c. 37.

10 Geo a. C 12.

17 Cto. 2. C 4c.

24 Geo. 2. c. 57.

C 42. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. A.D. 1757.

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, every Recompense to be made by virtue of the said Act, shall be made to the Person or Persons interested in the said Right of Common, in Proportion to their respective Interest or Intcrefls therein 3 and not to be paid to the Oveifecr or Overseers of the Poor, as is directed by the said Act.

nterefled therein, and not to the Overseers of the Poor.

II. And whereas Doubts may arise whether Tenants for Life, or for Terms of Years, deter minable upon one or more Life or Lives, be Owners, within the Meaning of this Act, and that of 1 the twenty-ninth of his present Majesty's Reign; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Powers given to such Owners by this Act, and the said Act of the twenty-ninth of his present Majesty's Reign, may be executed by such Tenants for Life, or Years, during their respective Interests.

III. Provided always, That nothing done by such Tenants for Life, or Terms of Years, by virtue of this Act, or by the Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall have Effect or Continuance after the Determination of the Estate of such Tenants for Life, or Terms of Years.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for making perpetual several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and also two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, or Canal Coal and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases; or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks; and also so much of an Act as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cases, in Scotland. u

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found use full and beneficial, are near expiring May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; which by several Acts hath from Time to Time been continued; and by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) was further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses, Powers and Authorities, in the aforementioned Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and which by the said Act were to continue in Force until the first Day of September out thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act, together with the said several Clauses, Powers and Authorities, were by several subsequent Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are temporary and near expiring, shall be, and are hereby made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual pumfiling wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, which by several subsequent Acts, one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign, of his said late Majesty, and the others made in the sixth, tenth, seventeenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is temporary and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

A.D. 1757. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii 1 II C 42. 309

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in an Act made in the Clause in Act 6 Geo. 2. sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other c 3.7* to prevent the Purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Batik of any River or Sea o^riv^rs^and which S Bank, which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act made in the ninth Year of was continued by several the Reign of his said late Majesty; which by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign subsequent Acts, is made of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continuance of the aforementioned Act perpetual made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further conti 17 Geo. 2. c 4* nued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to 24 Geo. 2. c 57* the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is temporary and near expiring, shall be, 2nd is hereby made perpetual.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in an Act made in the Clause in an Act 6 Geo. sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several Acts, and for other 2- c 37- to prevent the Purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the malicious cutting cf Hop Binds growing on Poles in ryaliaous cutting; of Hop any Plantation of Hops; which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act made eonfinuedv've'vcrai fnb in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and which by several subsequent Acts made sequent Acts, is made in the tenth, seventeenth and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further con perpetual.

tinued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence 10 Geo. 2. c. 32. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is temporary and near expiring, shall be, and is 17geo. c 4°* hereby made perpetual.'24 Geo. 2.c 57

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in an Act made in the Clause in an Act 10geo. tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for continuing an Act for the more effectual pu 2 c 32- for extending rifling wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences qeeofowers ln Ac, 9f to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Often veral Cases ofoffences^ ders to Justice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned) to extend, during the Continuance of therein set forth, and the said Acts, all the Provisions therein contained (for the more speedy and easy bringing the Often which was continued by' ders against the said Act to Justice, and the Persons who shall conceal, and abet or succour such several subsequent Acts, Offenders, and for making Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and Persons, theiris made perpetual executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have sustained or fuftered by any Offender or Offenders against the said Act; and for the Encouragement of Persons to apprehend such Ofr.

fender and Offenders; and for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be found, commenced or prosecuted, for any of the Offences committed against the said Act; together with all Restrictions, Limitations and Mitigations, by the said Act directed) to all Cases of Offences committed by unlawfully and maliciously cutting down the Bank or Banks of any River or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged; or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any Hop Binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops; or by wilfully and maliciously setting on fire, or caunng to be seton fire, any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal or Cannel Coal, and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-fourth 17 Geo. 2. c. 40.

Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the first Day of September one 24 Geo. 2. c. 57. thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is temporary and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act Clauses in Act 10 Geo.

made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for the more effectual Punishment of 2 c 32. for punishing of Persons maliciously fetti g on fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal or Cannel Coal; or unlawfully Persons maliciously fcr hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forest or Chases; or beating and wounding the Keep" aj"or Unlawfully ° ers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks) which were to continue in Force during the Con hunting and taking of tinuance of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and which by feve Deer; and beating and rai subsequent Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's' winding the Keepers of Reign, were further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty were cpnti'

seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are temporary and near nued'vy1cfeveraiefubfe expiring, shall be, and are hereby made perpetual. quest Acts, are made perpetual. 17 Geo. 2. c. 40. 24 Go. 2. C 37.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the So much of the Act of twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for taking away and abolishing the he 20 Geo. 2. c. 43 as re rit able ff ur if dictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, 'and for making Satisfaflim to the lou^chcuirap

Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making ?nore effectual Pro courts in Civil Caies, is. vision for the Administration of fujlice, throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the King's Courts made perpetual, and fudges there; and for obliging all Persons a Sling as Procurators, jvriters or Agents, in the Lavy of Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more complete; as relates to the Power of appealing to the Circuit Courts in Civil Cases, which was to continue in Force for the Space ot ten Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is temporary and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

Anno

I o

C i.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo GEORGII II. Regis.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the thirty first Day of May, Anno ajl Domini one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fsv. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twenty-third Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; 4 being the sixth Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to 'permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and to amend the said Act.

WHEREAS the permitting the Importation of salted Beef, Pork and Butter, from Ireland,

3. C 4.

Act 31 Geo. 2.

Dec. 1759.

All Kinds of salted Pork and Hog Meat, jceay be imported.

Preamble

Farther continued by 3 2 w into this Kingdom, hath been found useful and beneficial; and that the Time allowed for

Geo. 2. c. 5. end 1 Geo. < that Purpose is near expiring, and' it is expedient that the same should be prolonged May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that an act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pori: and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force for the Term of six Months, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand further continued to 24 seven hundred and fifty-eight, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; except only with respeil to such Parts thereof relating to the Payment of the Duty, and to the recovering of Penalties, as are amended or otherwise provided for by this Act.

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether all Kinds of salted Pork and Hog Meat may be imported from Ireland, by virtue of the above recited atftbe it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said at does and shall extend, and shall be deemed, construed and taken to extend, to all Kinds of salted Pork and Hog Meat imported or to be imported, into Great Britain from Ireland, during the Continuance of the said Act.

III. And whereas the Duty or Imposition of one Shilling and threepence charged and directed by the said atto be laid on every hundred Weight of salted Beef or Pork so to be imported from Ireland as aforesaid, is not adequate to, but falls short of, the Duty laid upon, and payable for, such Quantity of Salt as is requisite and necessary to be used in curing and salting the same: And whereas the salted Beef and Pork imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, is generally packed up and contained in Calks, with the Pickle or Brine proper for preserving the same; and the open ing the said Casks, in order to ascertain the Net Weight of the Bees and Pork liable to the said Duties on Importation, would not only be very expensive to the Revenue, but also a great Detri ment and Loss to the said Provisions, and the Owner and Importer of the same; and that it would be more for the Benefit and Advantage of the Revenue, and also of such Owner and Importer, that the Rates and Duties to be paid upon the Importation of such Beef and Pork, should be af certained by, and laid upon, every Barrel of the ("aid Commodities so to be imported, according to the Rate and Proportion herein after mentioned; Therefore be it enacted by the Authority

Ecrfor Pork, if in Pic aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred

Battei°d, T ?4d'^an fifty'c'sht, anc during the continuance.of this Act, there shall be paid for every Barrel or Cask

of salted Beef or Pork so imported as aforesaid, containing thirty-two Gallons, to the proper Officer appointed by the said former Act, the Sum of three Shillings and fourpence, as and for Custom or Duty for, on or in respect thereof; and foin Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity thereof: And for every hundred Weight of salted Beef, called Dried Beef, or Dried Neats Tongues, or Dried Hog Meat so imported, the Sum of one Shilling and threepence, and foin Proportion for every greater qr lesser Quantity thereof, as and for Custom or Duty for, on or in respetft thereof.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall after the

if driest is. 3d. per Hundred Weight;

nuance ot tr is Act, Jand any Jucn taiteci near, rone or Dutter, or any laitea Deer caned until Dect, or Dried Neats Tongues, or Dried Hog Meat, imported from Ireland as aforesaid, before Payment of the Duty laid or directed by this Act, the same, together with the Casks, Vessels and Package, containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost; and the Importer or Proprietor of the said Commodities shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Barrel of such salted Beef, Pork or Butter, and for every hundred Weight of such salted Beef, called Dried Beef, or Dried Neats Tongues, or Dried Hogs Meat, so imported and landed as aforesaid, and foin Proportion for every greater or lesser Quantity thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (being an Officer or the Customs, or of his Majesty's Duties upon Salt) to take and seize all such Commodities as shall be imported and landed, contrary to the true Intent anti Meaning of this

and

311

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 2.

nd the former Act; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and directed to be levied by this Forfeitures to beiiiftti aft, shall be distributed in Manner as by the said former Act, and may be recovered either by the Ways and Means directed and appointed by the said former Act, or may be sued for, recovered and y cae! imer mitigated, by any of the Laws of and relating to the Excise.

CAP. II.

An Act to continue for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt,

Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also to continue for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour -, and to prohibit for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran.

WHEREAS an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, entitled,

An Act for confirm Preamble, reciting fe

Act

: W ing certain Laws made in the last session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, verai Ciauies Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of Low !Vines, and 31 Geo'

Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meed or Flour, and to allow the Transportafion of ivhent, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there -, and for reviving and continuing an Act made in the same Scfion, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upon Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour,

taken from the Enemy, and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ire

of the Common Cause; to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities to be made during the Continuance of this Act, is near expiring: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch -, and also that the Act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Maand 3° Geo. a.

jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits* from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or a y other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, which was continued by the said first mentioned Act, should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing The recited ctause is certain Laws made in the laf Scfton of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, the A of the aft. Flour Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and for prohibiting the making of Low Wines and Spirits, from ^e^lon if heat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to allow the transpor tation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an Act made in the same Self on, for discontinuing the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and upo Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, taken from the Enemy; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Ships; and to authorise his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the Sujlentation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of thoj'e of his Majesty's Allies acting in Support of the Common Cause; to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities, to be made during the Continuance of this Act, as. relates to the Continuation of the Act made in the preceding Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the several Clauses in the said first mentioned Act contained, for allowing the Transporta and in Act 30 G: o. z. tion of Wheat, Barley. Oats, Meal, and Flour, to the Ife of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; to authorise his Majesty, by the Advice of his Privy Council, to order and permit the Exportation of such Quantities of the Commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the Sustenation of any Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty's Allies, acying in Support of the Common Cause; to prohibit the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities; shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration further conthwed to thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; un' tnmul £" less less such Continuation shall be abridged or shortened by any other Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament, or unless such Continuation shall, during the Rccefs of Parliament, be or by Proclamation, o

abridged or shortened by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued with the Order of Council.

Council, or his Majesty's Order or Orders in Council, to be

publish,

d in the

Advice of his Privy

London Gazette; which Proclamation or Proclamations, Order or Orders, his Majesty, during the Recess of Parliament, and not otherwise, is hereby empowered, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to issue and make.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the thirtieth ?° ceo- -- Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit for -a limited Time, ihe making of Low unuca to ic' Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

Ill, And

and the several provi fions thereof extended to prohibiting the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran.

'this Clause is continued by 33 Geo. 2. c. 4.

cert.iin Quantities of Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, may be transported from Southampton, for the Use of the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey,

under certain Regulations.

70 lb. Avoirdupois deemed equal to one Bushel of Wheat, c.

Return to be made to the Parliament of the Quantity of the said Exports.

Set Chapter 8, by which the Prohibition is taken off.

C 3 — 6. Ano tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the several Provisions made by the said Act for prohibiting the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, shall in like Manner extend to the prohibiting of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran.

IV. And whereas it would be of great Relief and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Islands of "Jersey and Guernsey, if a sufficient Quantity of Meal, Flour, Bread and Biscuit, was allowred to be transported to the said Islands, for the only Use of the Inhabitants there, instead of the like Quantity of Wheat, Malt or Barley, allowed by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament to be transported to those Islands; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at any Time or Times before the Expiration of this atto transport from the Port of Southampton only, unto the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, for the only Use of the Inhabitants there, any Quantity or Quantities of Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, in lieu of the like Quantity or Quantities of Wheat, Malt or Barley, allowed by the said Act to be transported to the said Islands, so that the whole Quantity of Wheat, Malt, Barley, Meal, Flour, Bread and Biscuit, transported to the said Islands before the Expiration of this Act, doth not exceed the Quantity of Wheat, Malt or Bailey, limited by the said Act to be transported to the said Islands; and such Transportation hereby authorised and allowed, hall be made under such and the like Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Transportation of Wheat, Malt and Barley, to the said Islands is by the said Act made subject; anything in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to ascertain the Amount of the said Transportation, every seventy Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Bread or Biscuit, shall be deemed reflectively, for the Purposes of this Act, equal to one Bushel of Wheat, Malt or Barley.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the cu stoms for the Time being shall, and they are hereby required, to give a full and true Account in Writing to both Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session thereof, of all Flour, Meal, Bread and Biscuit, that shall have been exported to each of the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;. for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

[Preamble.]

22 Co. 2. t, 47.

CAP. VI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts 'within the Down and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christchurch, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several precinrs and Liberties of the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to such Part of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the said County, as is not included in the said Act.

"IT WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the mere cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within L the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christchurch, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same; a ' certain Number of Persons to be chosen in Manner thereby authorised, were couftiuited a Court 1 of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requrjls, for the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the 1 County of Surrey, with Power to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Execution of the said Act ' has been of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Tradesmen, Artificers, Manufactureers,

and other Persons, living within the said Town and Borough, and the several Parishes, Precincts and Liberties mentioned in the said Act, but some Doubts hdvc arisen whether any Person or Persons

A.D. 175 8: Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 6. 313

inhabiting within the said Limits, and indebted to Persons who do not live within the same,

are subject to the jurisdiction of the said Court: And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the several Tradesmen, Artificers, Manufacturers, and other Persons, living and residing within the several Pari (ties of S treat bam. Clap bam, and Camberwell, and the Manor of Hat chain, in the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford in the County of Surrey, being the remaining Part of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, which is not included in the said act, if the said act was ex

C tended to the said Parishes and Manor; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that if may be Inhabitants within, the

enacted and declared, And be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Limits of thejjrifrfi&iorj

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre of the Court, ar? subject

sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of j°^ioen thbreoftoi situu

April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, all Persons whatsoever inhabiting within the Li Debts.

mits of the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, shall be and are hereby declared to be, subject

to the Process and jurisdiction of the said Court, for any Debt or Debts by them or any of

them, then or at any Time or Times thereafter, owing to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic

or Corporate, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, although the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs suing

out such Process shall not inhabit or reside within the said Borough of Southwark, or any of the

Parishes mentioned in the said recited act, br the Liberties or Precincts thereof; anything in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the said act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts Act 22 Geo. 2. and the within the Town and Borougfo of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary several Powers and pro at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondl'ey, Christchurch, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint y, 65' &c'htbpre 'il, 'Mary rtf Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several precincts and Liberties of the same, streathav/ciaoham, ° with the Explanation and Amendment thereof herein before enacted, and all the Powers, Direc Camberwell, and Manor tions, Punishments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters and Things in the said act con of Hatcham, c, tained, shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to the several Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, and Camberwell, and the Manor of Hatcham in the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, in the County of Surrey, being the remaining Part of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, which is not included in the said act, and to all the Refiants, Inhabitants, and Persons, renting or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood within the said Parishes, and Manor, and to all other Persons, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and eft ectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Parishes and Manor were Part of the Lid Town or Borough of Southwark, or as if the said Powers,

Directions, Punishments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Matters and Things, were herein reenacted with respect and in relation to the said Parishes and Manor.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and 20 Commissioners to be for such of the Parishioners of the said respective Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, and Camberwell, "om'nate.d annually on and of such Part of the said Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, as lies within the said Manor of Hatcham, by^heynhabiunts of the as have a Right to assemble in their several and respective Vestries, and they are hereby respectively raid Parishes in Vestry empowered and required on Tuesday next after the Feast of Eafer, which shall be in the Year of our assembled,

Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and soon every Tuesday next after the Feast of Easter, in every succeeding Year, to nominate and assign in the Whole, the Number of twenty of the most substantial and discreet Persons residing within the said Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, and Camberwell, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford as aforesaid, who, together with the Persons to be from time to time nominated and appointed in the Manner directed by the said act, are to be Commissioners for putting the said act and this act in Execution: which Persons who are. to be join t Com shall be nominated in the Manner following; that is to say, Such Parishioners of the Parish of ^m'tetm^rfulnct of" Streatham to nominate and assign six of the said Persons, of the Parish of Clapham six of the said Per the recited Act. fons, of the Parish of Camberwell six of the said Persons, and such Part of the said Parish of Saint viz. Streatham to na paul Deptford as lies within the said Manor of Hatcham, two of the said Persons; the Church minate 6; wardens of each respective Parish for the Time being, or one of such Churchwardens, shall within clmhe^U6*two Days next after every such Nomination, cause two Lists to be made out of the Persons sono st. % auiwdeptford in minated and appointed; and shall cause one of the said Lists, or a true Copy thereof, to be fixed or Hatcham Manor 2. stuck up on the Church Door of each respective Parish; shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, Lists of the comm.sho the other to the Chief Bailiff of the said Town and Borough of Southwark, or his Deputy, who ners to be irade out: shall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lists to be made and stuck in some convenient Part of the Pe affixed on Townhall of the said Town and Borough of Southwark; and the Persons so to be from time, to Par antyhmother time nominated and appointed by the Parishioners of the said Parishes of Streatham, Clapham, Cam to be delivered to the berwell, and Saint Paul Deptford respectively, as aforesaid, shall, together with the Persons ap Chief Bailiff of bovith pointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said former Act, be Commissioners for putting the said 'yark» to be P in former act and this present act in Execution; and the of so to be from time to.time pywxr°'i"eruhen 'ointly nominated and appointed by virtue of the said former act and this present act, or any three or whtthycommissionrrsy more of them, shall be and are hereby fully authorised and empowered to put the said act, and all under the former Act, to the Powers and Authorities therein contained, and also this act in Execution; except only as to put this and the said the Suspension, Removal, or election of any Clerk or Clerks of the said Court; and which Suf Act m Executioi^ pension, Removal, or election, may and are hereby authorised to be, from time to time, made by syfpenfwn, Kemovlh or VOL, VIII b f the Election, f the Clerks

of the court.

314* C 7, 8. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

the major Part of the Paid Commissioners assembled at a Court to be summoned in the Manner prescribed by the said Act; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The two Persons stand JV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Chief Bailiff, or his ing toremoit onfach List £)eputy} shall, within two Days next after such several Lists shall be returned to him as aforesaid, ly to atiend°the Court, " summon, or cause to be summoned, the two sir ft: Pe rfons named in the said List for the Parish of and foin Rotation; Streatham, the two first Persons named in the said List for the Parish of Cfopham, the two first per except for St. Paul dept 'fons named in the said List for the Parish of Camberwell, and the first Person named in the said List ferd, for which one per for such Part of the Parish at Saint Paul Deptford as aforesaid, to attend as Commissioners of the son only is tobs um said qourt for one Month then next following; and so the like Number of Persons out of every List, as they shall ft and in Order and Rotation therein respectively, to serve as Commissioners, from Month to Month, during the Term for which they are chosen Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case, such Action or Suit shall be brought or com censril icue. mfinced within three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his.or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Treble Costj, Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy

for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

Public AG

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged

and taken to be a Public Act 3 and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges Justices, and alj other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

moned.

Limitation of Action.

CAP. VII.

See farther 35 Geo', i. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments C 29. 1 Geo. 3. C at within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose. EXP»

Time given to 2.8 nov. 17>9.

2 Geo. C 23

3 Geo. 3. c. 5.

Act of this Sessioni Refer to Chapter 2,

CAP. VIII.

An Act for taking off the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bif cult, and Starch; and also to continue for a farther Time, the Prohibition of the making of Low I Vines and' Spirits from Wheat, Bar lay, Malt, or any prohibit for a limited Time, the making of Low the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, IV 4 likewise the Prohibition of the Payment of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any of the said Commodities, Should be further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, unless such Continuation should be abridged or shortened by any other Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament, or in such other Manner as by the said Act is provided: And whereas it is expedient for the public Service, that the Continuance of so 4- much of the said Act as relates to the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, 4 Flour, Bread, 'biscuit, and Starch, and of the Payment of any Bounty on the Exportation of any. 4 of the said Commodities, should be abridged and shortened be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and The Exportation of Corn, Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such allowed Pr°v n: J Continuance shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, cease and determine, unless hu Majesty by

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time before cotmai^ftiaufto/ihe twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, his Majesty shall' it to b. c. most for the Benefit and advantage of this Kingdom to flop the Exportation of the Lid Commodities, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation, to be issued by the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published in the London 'gazette, to prohibit and stop the Exportation of the said Commodities, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; except only in such Cases in which the said Commodities were allowed to be exported during such Continuance of the said Act of this Sefr fioa of Parliament.

Exportation thereoi, until. 23 Dec. 1759.

Itttjtiow,

CAPA,

D, 175 8. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II.

a Q

315

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shored

r f

WHEREAS t maybe necessary for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the Preble Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain, that a Body of Marine Forces should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, C or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And whereas the said Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to

the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea, yet nevertheless it being

requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed;

that Marines who shall mutiny, or stir up Sedition, or hall desert his Majesty's Service, be

brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow; 'Be it en, acted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, if After z; March 1759. any Person being entered, or in Pay, as an Officer of Marines, or who is or shall be lifted, or in during the Continuance Pay, as a Private Man in any Company of Marines in his Majesty's Service, and on the twenty "fne; offifecrtanapriva fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine hall remain in such Service, or du j^nan> onc shore, n ring the Continuance of this Act shall be voluntarily entered, and in Pay, as a Marine Officer or

Private Man in his Majesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any ime during the Continuance of this Act on Shore, in any Place within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, shall begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition, in the Company to which he doth or who shall mutiny, or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces in desert, chis majesty's Service, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, hall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or hall desert his Majesty's Service; or being actually entered or list in any other Reas a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment in his S, mente

majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine; or shall be found sleeping upon his Post, or shall be found flseping or hall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of his Ma on or ftal1 desert his jesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Manner ^v/l^the07" whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, enemictof his Majesty, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of three or fhnilftrike, or disobey or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for hisfuperiorofficer; shall the Time being; or shall strike, or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Exe suffer Death, or such cution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; all and every funiftm^nt as Person and Persons so offending, in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in m "rtu 'a in 1'any Part of this Kingdom, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may from time to time, The Lord High Admiral,

during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or or Commissioners for more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time exacutljntl3 commission being, to grant a Commission under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Marines ^lirgenerarcouresin his Majesty's Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General Courtmartial, c. martial, at any Place or Places on Shore in this Realm, or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's

Dominions beyond the Seas; in every of which court-martial all or any of the Offences

aforesaid, and all or any other of the Offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such Manner as by this Act is directed.

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for such court-martial respectcourt-martial may in tively, by their Sentence or Judgement, to inflict Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or ct Corporal Pumih limb, on any Marine, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, on Shore, m any Place e" t^r

or Places within this Realm, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, during ee' the Continuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Lords, cof the Act for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office m, ralty unpowered to

of Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish

Rules and Articles in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punishment of Desertion, c

and Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour, and Neglect of Duty, in any of his Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, in any Part of this Realm, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and to confute constitute court-martial, with Power to try, hear, and determine any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, nd inflict Punishments by Sentence or Judgement for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

3i6

C 9.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II) A.D. 1758.

None to be adjudged of V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment ex lite or Limb, but for tending to Life or Limb, by the said Rules and Articles, within the Kingdom of Great Britain or cnmes^xpreited to be Ireland, except for such Crime or Crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this Act.

General court-martial not to con list of less than 13, and thepresident to be a Field Officer, or Officer nest in Seniority, not under the Degree of a Captain.

May administer an Oath to Witnesses.

Officers to be sworn.

The Oath.

The Oath

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General court-martial, which shall have Power to sit by Virtue of this Act, shall consist of a less Number than thirteen, whereof none to be under the Degree of a Commission Officer of Marines; and the President of such court-martial shall not be under the Degree of a Field Officer of Marines, unless where such Field officer cannot be had; in which Case, the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer; nor being under the Degree of a Captain, shall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required, to administer an Oath to every Witness, in Order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall. come before them.

VII. Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General court-martial; to be helcf

by virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the holy Evangelists, before the Court, and Judge Advocate or his Deputy, who are hereby authorised to administer the same in these Words; that is to say, /

trou shall well and truly try and determine according to the evidence which shall be

jl given in the Matter now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty and; ' the Prisoner to be tried

So help you God.

I A.B. do swear that I will duly administer Justice, according to an Act of Parliament now in 4 J. Force for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; and according to the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of parliament, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or

Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is nor explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles) according to my Gonscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom ofwar in like Cases. And I further swear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High admiral of Great Britain; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever. or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a. 4 Court of Justice in a due Course of Law

help me God.

So

The Judge Advocate to And To soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of be sworn. the Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or to the Person

officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

The Oath

In Sentences of Death, Nine Officers to concur.

Hours of Trial.

T he Party tried, entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of the court-martial.

Original Proceedings, cof court-martial to be trarrlmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, c.

I A.B. do swear. That Twill not, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or 4 J. discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required. 4 to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law

So help me God:

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present than thirteen, then the Judgement shall pass by the Concurrence of two Thirds of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of eight of the Clock in the Morning, and three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VIII. Provided always, That the Party tried by any General court-martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceeding of such court-martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same) at any Time not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or not; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officia ting as such at any General court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiraly for the Time being; which original Proceedings and Sentence shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the fakl Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

C 9.

3 17

X Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or, private Man, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than Once.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, or private Man shall desert his Majesty's Service in any of his Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and shall escape and come into this Realm, or Ireland, before he be tried by a court-martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended for the same; such Offcer or private Man shall be tried for the same, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Marine, either Officer or private Man whatsoever, while on Shore, from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any Capital Crimes, Violences or Offences, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering.

None to be tried a recon Time for the same Offence.

Sentence not to be revised more than once.

Deserters beyond Sea, c, may be tried here or in Ireland.

This Act not to exempt any on Shore f; om ordinary Process.

Persons acquitted by the Civil Magistrate, may only be cashiered by a court-martial.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Marine Officer, non commission Of Persons accused ofca ficer, or private Man, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against p'11 Crimes, c. the Person, Estate or Property of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known civumag: ft°rate, t&c.

Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to T rial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person. the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offenderevery, such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more. Justices of the Peace for the County where the fact is committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses', shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify, the same to the next court-martial.

XV. a.nd'whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, in Compassion to the distressed Condition of several Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the

late War, or.during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to direct his Commissary. General of the Musters, to allow upon the Muller Rolls of all the Regiments,

Troops, and.companies, a Number of fictitious Names therein mentioned, instead ef private

Men, in order to raise and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are'.1.. s

or shall be entitled to his Royal Bounty: Therefore, for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's ' said gracious Intentions, with respect to the allowing of fictitious Names upon the muster rolls of the said marine Forces while onshore, for the Purposes aforesaid; 'it further enacted and declared

by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, during tke Continuance of this Fiftitlous Names allow a&r, to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the said Commissioners for execu ed by h, s r

ting the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Orders in Writing under his or ronsupi^>" the mai.ae" their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said nance of Officers Wi marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fictitious private Men as shall be allowed on the dows not to be conttm muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, to the proper Receiver appointed ed a false Muster.

by his Majesty, according to such Orders and instructions as his Majesty shall be pleased to make paym^erpay the full under his Sign Manual, for the Purpose aforesaid; that no Allowance of any such fictitious rece°v€r^c en to 1 e Name upon any muster roll of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false Multer; anything in this or any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of the said Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority afore -

That for and during the Continuance of this act, and no longer (in pursuance of an Order or Coastnbles, c. to qoar

Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the ter Officers and Men In

Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office, of Lord High Admiral for Inns Alehouses, c.

the Time being) it shall and may he lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs,

and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, s.and Villages, and other Places, within

England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any

one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no

others; and such Constables, and, other Civil Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter

and billet the Marines, both Officers and private Men, in his Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery

Stables, ale houses, viclualung houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Vine by Retail to be drank

in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong

Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by, Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and except the House Ruf; n no Distiller

or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places of distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and Houses, orshcp kce(erjf

the or any private House.

3*8

Persons aggrieved by be ing quartered on; may

C 9. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

the House of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes, than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit of suffer Tippling in his or their Houses) and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever, without the Consent of the Occupier; nor hall any more Billets at any Time be ordered, than there are effective Marines present to be quartered; and if any Constable, Tythingman, or suchlike Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid, hall presume to quarter or Billet any such Officer or private Man in any such private House, without the Consent of the Occupier; in such Case, such Occupier hall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Oc pe ialtyon Officers quar cupicr hall sustain thereby; and if any Marine Officer hall take upon him to quarter private Men, ter.ng Private Men con otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or hall use or offer any Menace or compuhion mry to this Act, c. to any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeou rage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer hall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso faelo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Convidson be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any Person hall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman, or headbo a^bc3: e, ievedy^ustices, rou' Chief Officer, or Magistrate (such Chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace) has quartered or billeted in his House a greater Number of Marines than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City, or Liberty, where such Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or move justices of the Peace of such Division, City, or Liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively hall have, and is or are hereby declared to have, Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons, as they hall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.

Officers and Marines to

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and private be furnhhed at the Rates Men so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, hall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer vlfons^ there roby the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, Victualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this at; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subfiilence money for Diet and Small Beer.

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Inholder or other Person on whom any non commission Officers or private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or employed in Recruiting; and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of seven Days at the most, for such non commission Officers and private Men who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised) hall be desirous to furnish such non commission Officers or private Men with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to such non commission Officers or private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and hall give Notice of such his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then, and in such Case, the non commission Officers and private Men so quartered hall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who hall actually receive, the Pay and Substance of such non commission Officers and private Men, hall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer, to the non commission Officers and private Men aforesaid, and not to the Inholder or other Person on whom such non commission Officer and private Men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on taking Mo

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Marine Of

nom quartering* °" hall take, or cause so be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or private Men, or any of them, in any House allowed by this at every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military Employment whatsoever.

Commanding Officer may*XX. And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service for the Commanding Officer to have exchange Marines in < a Power to exchange the Billets or Quarters of Marines quartered in the same Town or Place; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Officer of Marines in any Town or Place where such Marine Forces are quartered, shall, and he is hereby declared to have Power, from time to time, to exchange any Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place, for any other Marine or Marines quartered in the same Town or Place; provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively, where such Men shall be exchanged; and the Constables, Tytliingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, "I'owns, and Villages, or other Places, where any of the said Marine Forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

What Inholders may allow Men quarter'd on them, instead of Meat.

their Quarters;

Conflahlrt to billet the same accordingly.

XXI. Ant'

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 9. 319

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth No Paymaster, c. today of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Paymaster or other Officer or Person makededu£tions out whatsoever, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Ma officers or private en rine, either Officer or private Man, in his Majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall

grow due from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty

nine, other than the usual Deductions for Clothing, and twelve Pence in the Pound to be disposed Exceptions.

of as his Majesty Dial think fit; and the one day's Pay in the Year for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

XXII. And that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and private Men, while on Shore Officers to give Notice as aforesaid, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's to innkeepers of Suiffi duties of Excise better answered, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after stence money in their the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, every Officer or Hands

other Person, to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive the Pay or subsistence money, for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Marine Forces or otherwise. immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall, from Time to Time be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subsistence, give publick notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or private Men are quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at such Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or subsistence money to such Officers or private Men, which shall he within four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid; the said Innkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and private Men so quartered in their respective Houses; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or private Men: Provided the said ac rates ofsubfirtence to counts exceed not, for one Marine Commission Officer under the Degree of a Captain, for such Of be paid to innkeepers, ficer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, one Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horses, cor Marines Quar* for each such Horse or Horses, for their Hay and Straw, per Diem, six Pence; nor for one privateters*

man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, fourpence: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid, officers not giving no shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such Account stated, tete of subsistence satisfy, content and pay the same; upon Complaint and Oath made thereof, by any two Witnesses, ironey» and paying at the next Quarter sessions for the County or City wherein such Quarters were (which Oath the quarters*

Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) the Payma Paymaster to satisfy be or Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces is hereby required and them out of the coro authorised (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due pany's next Pay, upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Marine Officer or Officers; upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Person shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby authorised and required to deduct the Sums he shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and such Officer and Officers shall, for such their Offence, or for and Officer to be ca neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or subsistence money as aforesaid, be deemed ihiered. and taken, and are hereby.declared ipso facto cashiered.

XXIII. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any Marine Officer or private Man shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or private Manor such Officer or private Man shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be, or are not paid as

this Act directs; in every such Case it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, be on moving from quar fore his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Company shall remain for any ters, the Officer to make Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts as this Act directs, with every t person with whom fxich UP Accounts, and give Company shall have quartered, and signa Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate, so by ^uegrtl&ccatas for: vioney him signed, the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Company to which y he or they shall belong;: to the Eud the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper paymaster to pay the Paymaster of the Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Per Sum certified"for. son or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the End the same may. be applied to such Company, under Pain as is before in this Act directed for Nonpayment of Quarters.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter officers, c. to be quar officers and private Men of his Majesty's Forces in Scotland, in such and the like.places and Houses tered i./smiand at the as Officers and private Men of the Land Forces might have been quartered in by the Laws in Force Laws in Foi at the

in Scotland at the Time of the Union; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to Union direct, furnish the said Marine Officers and private Men quartered there, as by the said Laws in Force at the Time of the Union was provided with respect to the Officers and private Men of the Land Forces; and that no such Marine Officer shall be obliged, to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh,

C 9.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

1 f 1 the M irinc Forces 01. their March.

j iftire? to order Consti

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regu"

11to provide Carriages ]ar proviston of Carriages for his Majesty's Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, ^Clothes or Accoutrements in England Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such Justices by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty c011 itables of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Precinct, from, through, near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such provision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden: and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division or Precinct; then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding 01 Division, shall upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shown to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant, or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precinct, 'for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, 'who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the carriage or Carriages therein mentioned, of the High Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages -. and Men, he Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wagon with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin Proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and fur penalty on Officer for nish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Company ting Wagons to travel or Companies; the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Wagon, Wain, Cart or

Ratei for Carriage),

more than one Day's Journey, &c.

Penalty on Constables, Set, Negkdt,

Carriage, to travel more than one day's Journey, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such as are ftek) or any Woman, to ride in the Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid, or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by 'threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners by themselves. Servants or private Men; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of his Majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds accordingly to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace, and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such officer's Pay.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Constable shall wilfully negletsi or refuse to execute any such Warrant of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto such Constable or Petty Constable for providing Carriages as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse or negle£i to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any at or Thing, whereby the Execution of any such Warrant or Warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XXVII. And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this at appointed to be paid to the Constable by the Officers demanding such Carriages, may not, in many Cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expense of providing the lame, whereby the said Constables may be frc questly at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burden of the Township of which they are respectively Constables, or else the Persons fur rifling such Carriages may be grievously oppressed: prevent which, and that such Overplus

Charge may be born by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County or Riding,

treaf.ires of the County Beat further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respecto repay the conii.blc's tive County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such

extiaoi maty r^c. reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, over and above

what

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 9. 321

what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring such Carriages, out of the public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter sessions assembled, within their respective juris distions shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward) Regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the length and Condition of the Roads through which such Carriages are to travel.

XXVIII. And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentionedit is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace in the The Money btthofc General Quarter sessions shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raise Moneys upon the respecti'urposes how to be tive Counties or Ridings in such Manner as they now raise Moneys for building or repairing'

County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, No Wagon, c. to

impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above ^yvj3tbove zo Hun'jre^ twenty Hundred Weight; anything in this Act: contained to the contrary notwithstanding. c*slt'

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces quar Carriages in Scotland tered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnisher how to be provided. of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in Force in Scotland at the Time of the

Union, with regard to the furnishing Carriages for Land Forces.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by Marines Wires, c. not this Act authorised to quarter Maiines in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall atto be quartered withoui any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Consent servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the

Party offending, jf an Officer of the Marines, hall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Penalty, Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Judge Advocate, be ipso fadlo cashiered; and if a Constable, Tythingman or other Civil Officer, he mail forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XXXII. And for the better Preservation of the Game, in or near such Place where any Officers Penalty on Officers or or Soldiers shall at any Time be' quartered; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, Marines destroying thr from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, any031*1'*

Officer or Marine, shall, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill or destroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fish, or his Majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the fame(that is to say) every Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the j Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where the Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in Manner aforesaid: And if, upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Oversees of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXIII. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert, and 1 be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service;

It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Head constables may appre

borough or Tythingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspec hend Deserters, and carry

ted to be such a Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to them fceforea Justice 5

+cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected Person is a Marine duly

entered, and xjught to be with the Company to which he belongs; such Justice of the Peace shall Justice to commit them,

forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Correction, or other public (Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter

shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities

of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of and transmit an Account

the Admiralty for the Time being, to the End such Person maybe proceeded against according to Secretary of the

Law; And the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive the full Subfi qr[a ty'

stence of every such Deserter, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Mainte ^levubfillence oftkl --

nance of such Deserter; but shall: be entitled to any Fee or Reward, on account of the Impri teis<

fonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure.or apprehend such Deserters; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace Reward for takings shall also issue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of Deserters.

vol. VIII Tt the

Fcmlty on Persons concealing Deserters, or hjying their Anns, c.'othss, c.

This Act to extend to Deserters, c. in Ireland,

Continuance of this Act.

No Volunteer liable to Process, unless for some criminal Matter,

or unless for a real Debt of the Value of 10l. Oath of the Debt to be made before a Judge,

and a Memorandum thereof marked on the Back of the Process;

Prisoner to be discharged, with Coils.

C o. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

the Pad ft or Town ft ip where such Deserter stall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who stall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that stall be so apprehended and commuted; which Sum of twenty Shillings stall be satisfied by such Collector or col letftors to whom such Warrant stall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person stall harbour, conceal, or assist any Deserter from his Majesty's Marine Service, 'knowing him to be such Person so offending stall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person stall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; every such Person so offending, in each, any or either of the Cases aforesaid, stall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds, stall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, by whose Means such Deserter stall be apprehended; and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did or doth belong: And in case any such Offender, who stall be convicted as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters; having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King; or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this AF, stall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or stall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such conviction; then and in such Case, such Justice or Justices of the Peace stall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices -

Provided always, That so much of this alas relates to the Punishment of such who stall harbour, conceal, or assist Deserters, or stall knowingly detail), buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, stall extend, to all Ends and Purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in Execution in that Kingdom, by all Justices of the Peace, and other Officers respectively, according to the Tenor and during the Continuance of this act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this at, and everything' herein contained, Ball be and continue in Force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, " until the twenty-fifth Day of Mtirch' in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

XXXVIII. And to prevent as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Marines, whereby his Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is entered or shall enter himself as a Volunteer in his Majesty's Service as a Marine, during the Continuance of this Act, stall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action; and unless before the taking out of such Process or Execution (not being for a criminal matter) the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of "Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum, justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall i, ue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action on which the same shall be gounded; a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person stall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this at, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Marine so arrested contrary to the Intent of this at, without paying any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Marine so arrested, was legally entered as a Marine in his Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to award to the Party so complaining such Costs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable: For the Recovery whereof, he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like aion might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said aion.

Penalty on Constablet, c. negkcting to quarter Marines.

A.D. 175& Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 9. 323

XXXIX. And to the end that honest Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered as Marines in his Majesty's Service, may not be hin dered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits;

and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiff giving Notice, Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of aion to such Person or Persons so may file a Common entered, or left at his or their last Place of Residence before such Entering, to file a Common Ap Appearance, pearance in any Action to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle and procee.i to judge 1'uch Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, meiu and Exjcuci0 other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid; this Astor anything

herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, constable, Bedel, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who by Virtue or Colour of this at, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any Marine Officers or Private Men, shall neglect or refuse, for the Space of two Hours, to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any Sum Penalty on taking Moor Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to ex ney to excuse any Person cufe any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their House or from uartcnn£> Houses any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person, liable by this act to have any Officer or Marine billeted or quartered ori him or her, shall refuse to receive or and on Victuallers refn

victual any such Officer or Marine so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid; shall re sing to receive Marines,

fuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this act, the several Things herein before respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to non commission Officers and Marines so quartered or billeted on hjm or her as aforesaid - the Rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer); every such High Constable, Constable, Bedel, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit) to be levied by di stress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some or one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XLI. And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Marines in pursuance this act be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to To prevent Abuses in and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities or quartering, justices may Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any order c°n^3bl« to give Time or Times during the Continuance of this act, to require and command any High Constable, be/of Officers and Pr?" Constable, Bedel, or other Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Marines in pursuance of this act, Vate Men, and v. here to give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number quartered, of Officers and Private Men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons, upon whom every such Officer or Private Man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Private Men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Clause for Relief of p«r after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, when and as often tonnes hastily lifting them as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Marine or Marines in his Majesty's Service, he and felv£s* they shall within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Louis, after such Enlisting respective,

be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer of Mamies) and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such Enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each Person fodiftent ing paving the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Act'ent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily in listed hi.mfejf, <?r themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall and he is hereby required

324 C 10. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758'.

forthwith to certify under his hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted; setting forth the Place of the Birth, 'Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the second and third Sections of the Articles of War for the better Government of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the twelfth Section of the said Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice of Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons, until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General court-martial to be thereupon called, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military of fice or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's Marine Forces, as well Officers as Private Men, shall from time or time, during their being respectively born as Part Ships of War, are iame of the Compliment of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, be subject or liable in like Manner, in to be governed by the all Respects, as any Officers or Seamen employed in his Majesty's Sea Service are subject and liable Rules established by Act to be governed and proceeded against, and punished for Offences committed by them during the 22 Geo. 2. c. 21- Time they shall be born as Part of the Compliment of such Ships or Vessels, according to the Purport, Tenor, Effect, and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea; this present Act, or anything herein contained notwithstanding.

Marine Forces being born as Part of the Compliment of any

CAP. X

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional Inland. Duty.

J*-

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble ' "ITT E your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to de fray your majesty's Public Expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto

Majesty the several Subsidies, Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly

beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; ' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Corn

Art additional Subsidy of mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after 12 A. in the Pound grant the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, there shall be raised, levied, col id upon certain Goods lc£f; et] and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all to ptlritj t"r<"un 245 im" bacco, Foreign Linnens, Sugar, and other Grocery, as the same is understood in the Books of Rates, except Currans; East-india Goods, except Coffee and Raw Silks; Foreign Brandy and

Spirits, except Rum of the Produce of the British Sugar Plantations; and Paper, which shall bear the same are valued in imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, a further Subsidy of Poundage of twelve the Books of Rates; Pence in the Pound, according to the Value or Rate respectively set upon each of the said Commodities by the several Books of Rates, or any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereunto; which Subsidy shall be paid by the Importer of such Goods and Merchandizes, before the Landing: there of, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereupon.*and to be levied anjpaid

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Subsidy of into the Exchequer, Poundage by this Act imposed, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, in such and like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, Discounts, Drawbacks and Exemptions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Subsidy of 51, pci and according, to such Rules, Methods and Directions as are prescribed or appointed for raising, Cent, granred by 21 levying, collecting and paying the Subsidy of five Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act made in Geo. 2. c. 3. the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raying a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on thi/ said Subsidy; for repealing so much of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enacts. That Prize Goods and Merchandise may be exported without paying any Duty of Custom or Excifie for the same; or as are contained in or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament by the said Act of the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, referred unto, or any of them; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things now in Force, contained in the said Act made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in the said: Act referred unto, or any of them, for the raising, levying, collecting and paying the Subsidies thereby granted, shall be in full

2 Force,

325

Prize Goods a e to be charged only with the Duties payable by Act 30 Geo. a. CL 13.

unless taken out' of the Warehouses for Home Consumption.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgie IL C 10.

Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout this Kingdom, forraifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the Subsidy of Poundage of twelve Pence in the Pound by this Act granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present ACT

III. Provided nevertheless, That if any of the Goods and Merchandizes, charged with the Subsidy by this act imposed, have been, or during the Continuance of this present War with France, shall be taken and brought into any Port of this Kingdom by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private Ships or Vessels of War, and shall be condemned as lawful Prize, the same shall not be liable to any other or further Duty, than what they are respectively charged with, by an act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the Bringing and Landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom; unless the said Goods and Merchandizes so taken and condemned as Prize, shall, for Home Consumption, be taken out of any Warehouse wherein they are secured under the Provisions of the said act; in which Case, the Person or Persons so taking out the said Goods and Merchandizes shall first pay up the Subsidy by this Act granted, as well as all other Duties payable to his Majesty thereon.

IV. Provided also, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this act, that the Importers of Tobacco shall, upon paying down the Subsidy hereby granted, have the same Allowance with respect to this Subsidy, as they are entitled to by any Law now in Force upon Tobacco imported; but in case the said Subsidy hereby granted, shall not be paid down as aforesaid, and the said Importers shall become bound to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with one or more sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the Port where the Tobacco shall be imported, with the Consent of the Comptroller of such Port, in one or more Bond or Bonds, at the Election of the Importer, for Payment of the said Subsidy within eighteen Months, to commence at the End of thirty Days after the matter's Report of the Ship, or to commence from the merchant's Entry of the Goods within those thirty Days, which shall first happen; that then the Importers shall, in such Case, have, and be entitled to, the same Allowances and Discounts, with respect to the Subsidy hereby granted, or for paying the same before the Bonds become due, as they are at this Time entitled to by any Law now in Force upon Bonds given for Tobacco imported; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Goods or Merchandizes, that have paid the Subsidy hereby granted, shall at any Time or Times be again exported by any Merchant or Merchants, within three Years from the Importation thereof, the Subsidy by this act granted, and which shall have been actually paid for such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, shall, without any Delay or Reward, be paid unto such Merchant or Merchants who shall export the same, or the Security vacated; except for such Goods or Merchandizes, as by any former act or acts of Parliament it is declared no Drawback shall be paid or allowed upon Exportation of.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much money, as hall From time to time be paid for the Duties granted by this or any former act or acts of Parliament whatsoever, for any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in printing any Books in the Latin,

Greek, 'Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the two Universities oi Oxford or Cambridge, or either of theim, by Permiftioir of the Vice Chancellors of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in such Manner as is prescribed by an act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same j and upon chequered and Jlripcd Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicocsy Linens, and Stuff's, printed, painted, or Jlained j, and upon several Kinds of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Adver life meats, for raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds', by way oj a Lottery, towards her Majesty's Supply; and for licensing an additional. Number of Hackney Chairs and for charging' certain Stocks of Cards and.

Dice, and for better securing her Majestfs Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise 5 and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Tone, or have lost Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets -, and for borrowing Money upon the Stock? Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Public.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that.so much Money as Like Drawback allowed shall. time to time, be paid for the Duties granted by this or any former act. or acts of Par on paper used in priming, liament whatsoever, for any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in printing any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission. of the Principal of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back, and repaid in such Manner as. is prescribed by an act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon, chequered and friped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or Jlained, and upon several Kinds of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

the Sum of eighteen hundred' dfor licensing an additional Num;

; better securing her Ma --

Jifffs Duties ta arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties 'by Licences Jar Marriages and otherwise ?.and forr

Relief

Allowance to be made to the Importer of Tobacco, on paying down the Duty.

Bond to be: given on Nonpayment of the Duty j

and the Importers to have the usual Allowances and Discounts.

Drawback of the Duty allowed upon the Ext portation of Goods within 3 Years

Exception

Drawback of the Duty allowed on Paper uied in printing Kooks in the learned Languages in both universit.es ras

is prescribed by Act io annte, cb. 19,

Books in the learned Languages in the I ni Versities of Scotland.

3^6

A Drawback of 3 s. per Hundred Weight allowed on Sugar refined in Great Riitain, and exported, c.

Refiner to make Oath.

Exporter to make Oath, b'carcher to certify.

Books to be kept for entering the Atonies coming in by this Act.

An additional Inland Duty to be paid of i s. per lb. on Coffee.

Refer to 10 ceo.i. C 10.

and 9d. per lb. on Chocolate.

The said Duties on Coffee jnd Chocolate to be levied and paid, as the former Inland Duties payable thereon.

Coffee lodged in ware houses cn 6 April 1759, to be charged with the new additional Duty;

as also the Stock in Hand of Coffee and Chocolate (except for private Use)

90 lb. of r.oafted Coffee to be charged after the '*Kate of ] in lb. of Raw Coffee.

Duty to be paid into the Office of Excise.

C 10. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Timey or have lojl Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets \ and for borrowing Money upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Public.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Hundred Weight of Sugar imported into Great Britain, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and refined there (and foin Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity) that shall be exported out of this Kingdom, after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, during the Continuance of this Adr, there shall be repaid at the custom house to the Exporter, within thirty Days after the Demand thereof, the Sum of three Shillings, over and above the present Bounties; Oath being first made by the Refiner that the Sugar so exported was produced from Brown and Muscovado Sugar charged by this Act, and that, as he verily believes, the same was imported from his Majesty's Plantations in America, and the Duty duly paid at the Time of the Importation thereof, the Exporter making Oath that the same was duly exported, and his Majesty's Searchers also certifying the shipping thereof, and all other Reauifites being performed according to the respective Books of Rates.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which all the Money arising from the said additional Subsidy of Poundage of twelve Pence in the Pound, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so ari sing from the said additional Subsidy of Poundage of twelve Pence in the Pound, and paid, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall be Part of the Fund established for the several Purposes herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, there shall be charged, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain by Wholesale or Retail, and upon all Chocolate to be made or sold in Great Britain, an additional Inland Duty, to be paid by the respective Sellers of such Coffee, and by the respective Makers or Sellers of such Chocolate; that is to say, For and upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, an additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight Averdupoise; and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the present Inland Duty, and over and above all Customs and Duties payable upon the Importation thereof; and for and upon all Chocolate to be made or sold in Great Britain, an additional Duty of nine Pence per Pound Weight Averdupoise; and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the present Inland Duty payable thereupon.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Inland Duties hereby granted to his Majesty, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Powers for recovering the same, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Inland Duties payable to his Majesty upon Coffee and Chocolate are raised, levied, collected, and paid, as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Coffee which, on the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall be lodged or secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses in pursuance of the Directions of any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, shall be, and is hereby charged with the said additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound, to be paid in like Manner as the former Inland Duty on Coffee is directed to be paid.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Coffee and Chocolate which any

Dealer in, or Seller of, Coffee, or any Dealer in, or Maker or Seller of Chocolate, in Great Britain (other than and except such Persons who make Chocolate for their Family Use, and not for Sale, with respect only to their Stock in Hand) or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, shall be possessed of, or interested in, upon the said sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall be, and is hereby charged with the said additional Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound for the said Coffee, and nine Pence per Pound for the said Chocolate; and that every ninety Pounds Weight of Roasted Coffee, by reason of the common Decrease by shrinking in the Roasting thereof, shall be charged after the Rate of one hundred and twelve Pounds of Raw Coffee, and foin Proportion for a greater or less Quantity; which said additional Inland Duty for the Stock in Hand shall be paid by the respective Sellers of Coffee, and such Makers or Sellers of Chocolate as aforesaid, to the proper Officer of Excise for the said Inland Duties, at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which they shall respectively inhabit; that is to say. All such Duties as shall arise within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall he paid within fourteen Days next after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and all such Duties as shall arise in any other Part of Great Britain, shall be paid within six Weeks next after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

3

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 327

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Chocolate as Stock in Hand of cho shall, on the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, be in the Custody or colate (except for private Possession of any Maker or Seller of Chocolate, other than such Makers as aforesaid, or of any Per use)to be brought to bn or Persons in Trust, or for the Use of him, her or them, within the Limits of the Chief Office ^be'stampu8 'n°x" )f Excise in London, shall, within fourteen Days next after the said fifth Day of April one thousand er ° p'even hundred and fifty-nine, and all such rchocolate as shall, on the sixth Day of April one thousand

even hundred and fifty-nine, be in the Possession of any Maker or Seller of Chocolate (other than 'uch Makers as aforesaid) or of any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use of him, her or them, n any other Part of Great Britain, shall, within six Weeks next after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, be brought to the respective Offices where the Entries for: he same shall be, or ought to have been made, and shall then have some new and additional Stamp,

Vlark, Impression, or Device, affixed thereon, to denote that it has been charged with the said act

litional Inland Duty; which Stamp, Mark, Impression, or Device, and all other Stamps, Marks, ^ew Stamps to be pro

mpressions, or Devices, which shall be made use of to denote the charging the said additional Du vldeduponoccafioa}

ies, either on the Stock in Hand, or any future Stock, the said respective Commissioners of Excise,

ind for the said Inland Duties, for the Time being, are hereby directed to provide, in such Manner

is to them shall seem meet; which Stamps, Marks, Impressions, or Devices, or any of them, may which maybe altered

rom time to time, be varied or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge moult prom timst0 time

proper; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge, or cause to the Penalty of counter

e counterfeited or forged, any such Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device, which shall be made use or ore, ns the

sin pursuance of this at, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Chocolate with such counterfeit Mark,

Stamp, Impression, or Device thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall, upon any or being guilty ofay

Chocolate which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer, and for which the Inland Du Fraud therein;

ies have not been duly charged or paid, six or place any Paper or Papers having on it or them the

mpression of such Mark or Marks, Stamp or Stamps; or shall, in such Paper or Papers, enclose

uch Chocolate as shall not have been duly entered with the proper Officer, and for which the In

and Duties have not been duly charged or paid, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his Inland

Duties for and in respect of such Chocolate; that then every such Person or Persons so offending

herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and also 500j. and one year.

hall be committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain for twelve Months without Bail imprisonment.

r Mainprize.

XV. And it is hereby further ena£w by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons The Penalty of secreting laving, on the said sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, in his or their or concealing the Stock Custody or pofl ession, any Stock or Quantity of Coffee or Chocolate chargeable by this Act with 'phhji|d °pcoffee or he said additional Inland Duties, shall clandeffinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be L ocoate» emoved or carried away, the same, or any Part thereof, before his Majesty's Duties thereupon shall

ie paid as aforesaid; shall fraudulently conceal or hide any Part of his, her or their said Stock of

!xiffee or Chocolate; or shall neglect or refuse to bring or send, within the respective Times ap or not sending the Cho

lointed, his, her or their said Stock of Chocolate to the respective Offices where the Entries for the colate to benew ampti

ame shall have been or ought to have been made, in order to have such Chocolate stamped as

foresaid; shall after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, or vendingany without

ell, or vend, or offer or expose to Sale, any of their Stock of Chocolate, without being first being duly stamped;

narked or stamped to denote the Payment of the said additional Inland Duty; that then, and

n each and every of the said Cases, he, she or they, so offending, for every such Offence

hall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Chocolate, and also 205, Per and forfm

he Chocolate so found after the End of the said fourteen Days, or six Weeks respectively, tute 0 the Chocolate,

without such Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device thereon, shall be forfeited, and may befeifed.

XVI. And whereas the Provision by the former Law for packing up Chocolate in Pounds, has not been found sufficient to prevent Frauds, and the permitting the Sale of Chocolate in small Quantities not packed up and secured in the Manner herein after directed, has tended to encourage the clandestine and fraudulent making and selling thereof; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Chocolate, which from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hun ruie to observed in Ired and fifty-nine shall be made in Great Britain, shall be packed up, and a Stamp or Mark put f^ocojate^ stamp' upon the same, in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say. All such Makers or Proprietors in oto a ea

Chocolate, which shall be made in Great Britain, shall, from time to time, and at the respective Times and Places, when and where they are required to make Entries of the Chocolate, by or for 'hem respectively made as aforesaid, produce all the Chocolate contained in such Entry, at the re all Chocolate entered, hedlive Offices where such Entries are or ought to be made, to the respective Officers who are oris to be duly brought to shall be appointed for the receiving such Entries, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Shillings the proper Offices,

Ebr every Pound Weight of such Chocolate which shall not then be produced; which Chocolate shall Forfeiture of 20 j. he brought, enclosed, packed, and tied up with Thread, in Papers, which said Papers shall each ofper hem contain either one Pound, or Half a Pound, or a Quarter of a Pound Weight of Chocolate, retd jvpapmldther nd not more or less (at the Election of the Makers or Proprietors); each of which Papers so tied up, of one puni, ii»w hall, by an Officer appointed, or to be appointed, by the respective Commissioners of Excite and Pound, or quarter Pound, Inland Duties for that Purpose, or the major Part of them respectively, have such a Mark, Stamp, which are to be severally mpression, or Device, affixed thereon, as shall be by the said respective Commissioners for the time stamped by the propcf )eing, from time to time, devised or appointed for that Purpose, Officers;

XVII. And*

328

CIO. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall sell Chocolate in any less (Quantity than a Quarter of a Pound, or shall sell and deliver any Chocolate to any Person not being at the Time of the Sale and Delivery thereof duly marked or Humped, or not being at that Time enclosed, packed, and tied up with the identical Piece of Thread which is directed to be used in tying up the Chocolate in a Paper, before the same is to have the Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device, affixed thereon, or shall sell and deliver any Chocolate, whereof the Thread or stamped Label inclosing the same at the Time of the Sale and Delivery thereof, shall have been broke or opened in any Manner whatsoever; every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit twenty Pounds.

nom all others.

Thffe Duties appropria ted for the Payment of

2nd none to be sold in Ms Quantities than a Oparter of a Pound nor withouc being stampt, and ticj up;

and having the original '1 bread and Stamp unbroken and unopened 5 on Forfeiture of 20 1.

Fecks to be kept for en

XVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Catering the Duties apart fice of the Audi or of the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which all the Moneys arising by the said additional Inland Duties upon Coffee and Chocolate, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so ari sing from the said additional Duties, and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall be Part of the Fund established for the several Purposes herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities which by this Act are herein after directed to attend, as well the Principal Sum of six millions 0 ^tce*2monics*" b0rr0v'ed IX hundred thousand Pounds, and the additional Capital of five Pounds to be added to every one on the Credit of this Adh hundred Pounds thereof, as the additional Capital which will arise by ten Pounds, to be given in and by a Lottery Ticket to each Subscriber, for and upon every one hundred Pounds, advanced and paid towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out, of the Subsidies, Rates and Duties, composing the Fund hereby established for the Payment thereof, and the said Subsidies, Rates and Duties, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XX. And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled have resolved. That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty in this present Session of Parliament, the Sum ' of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds be raised by transferrable Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum \ and that an additional Capital of fifteen Pounds be added to every one hundred Pounds advanced; which additional Capital shall consist of ten Pounds in a 4 Lottery Ticket given to each Subscriber on every one hundred Pounds advanced, and of five 6 Pounds in like transferrable Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum: And 1 4 whereas pursuant to, and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution,

several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed toge there the whole of the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, and made Deposits of fifteen Pounds per Centum, on the respective Sums by them so subscribed, with the Cashiers of the 4 'Bank of England: And whereas several of the said Subscribers may have already paid, or may hereafter pay unto the said Cashiers, the whole or some further Parts of the Sums by them respectivelyfubferibed, previous to the Days limited and appointed for the said respective Payments; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such Subscribers who have made Deposits with, or Payments of further Parts to the said Cashiers as aforesaid, to advance and pay, and they are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the said ca ftiier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, at or before the respective Times or Days, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed on that Behalf; that is to say, The further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, be dng Part of the Sum so remaining, on or before the thirtieth Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty seventh Day of April then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per centum, other Part thereof, on or before the thirty first Day of May then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty seventh Day of July then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof on or before the thirty first Day of August then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum other Part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth Day of September then next following; and the remaining Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty sixth Day of October then next following.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Subscribers or contri tkcir payments previous butors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, paying in the whole or any Part to iketimes limited, of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, previous to the Days appointed for the respective Payments herein before directed, in respect to their proportionable Share of the said Sum ot six millions 1 o I'C allowed Interest for six hundred thousand Pounds, shall be in titled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of the same, Uc, the several Sums so previously paid, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall.

to, from the Days on which such previous Payments shall have been actually made, to the respective Times 0)1. which such Payments are directed to be made; such Allowance to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Moneys contributed towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators,

Times of Payments in icfpet of the Sum of 6.600, 000 1. subscribed towards Annuities.

Contributors making

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. xo.

329

tors, successors and Assigns, shall have completed their Payments herein before directed to be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every such Subscri Annuities tobear 3l. per ber and Subscribers, Contributor or Contributors, shall be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of Cent,

three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for and upon every one hundred Pounds by him or them ro

fpcdtively subscribed, advanced and paid; and also to a like Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for and upon an additional Capital of five Pounds, to be added to everyone hundred Pounds,

by such Subscriber or Subscribers, Contributor or Contributors respectively, advanced and paid;

which said Annuities shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of "January one thousand to commence from 5

seven hundred and fifty-nine, and shall be paid by half yearly Payments, by even and equal Por jan* x759*

tions, on the fifth Day of July, and the fifth Day of January in every Year.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every such Subscri Subscribers, for every ber or Subscribers, Contributor or Contributors, shall, for and upon every one hundred Pounds by 130 ! subscribed, intf him or them respectively subscribed, advanced and paid, be likewise entitled to one Ticket in the l*etl toa lottery Ticket, Lottery, herein after mentioned; which said Ticket will be equal in Value to, and is to be taken

and accepted as an addition of ten Pounds Capital, on every one hundred Pounds subscribed, advanced and paid as aforesaid, which Sum shall carry an Annuity at the Rate of three Pounds per Con to carry ji. percent. turn per Annum', and the said Annuity shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and shall be paid by half yearly Payments cm the fifth Day of July, and the fifth Day of January in every Year.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid, shall be transferable at the Annuities transferrable. Bank of England, subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is hereafter, mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Cashier to give Receipts Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive any Part for Money paid in,

of the said Contributions, towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor, for all such Sums, and that the

Receipts to be given filial 1 be afilgnable by i.ndorsement thereupon made at any Time before the the same made assignable.

fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and no longer.

XXVI. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking Cashier to give Security; of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or the High Trea*

fiurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the public Ule, all the Moneys which they have already received, and shall hereafter re ceive, from Time to Time, of and for the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in them reposed; sit all, from Time to Time, pay all such Moneys so received, and account for the same, in the snd to pay in the Moneys Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof. into iiie txchequer.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Ca Cashiers, on Receipt of fhiers shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon the Payment of twenty-five Pounds 251- percent, to give of for every one hundred Pounds so subscribed as aforesaid, and not before, to give a Note or Writing No: efor the Delivery of signed by him or them to such Contributor or Contributors, obliging himself or themfifives to deliver

to such Contributor or Contributors, or their Afilgns, a. Ticket in the Lottery herein after menti e>cr> 100'u oned, of the Value of ten Pounds, by way of additional Capital, for every one hundred Pounds by them respectively subscribed towards raising the Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid, as soon as the Managers and Directors to be appointed for preparing and delivering out the said Tickets in the said Lottery, shall deliver to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Books comprehending the said Tickets.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Treasury to apply the for three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, mo"lels to servk: es to issue^and apply, fronvtime to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receiptvote y 1 'e Commons, of his majesty's Exchequer by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been

voted by the Commons of Great Britain, in this present Session of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accomp Contributors Names, r,

tant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or to beentl red i the or books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered; cenerafoai^ranb"6* which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators 1 u"'an' -

and Afilgns, 'shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and inspect,

without any Fee or Charge; and that the said Accomptant General shall, on or before the Duplicate then of to Is fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly transmitted into the Au written on Paper of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor, of the Receipt of his Mad,: 0r,; i jesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

tied, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy the said several Annuities by this Act granted, in respect of the Surn so subscribed out of the Moneys appropriatedjby this Act for Payment thereof, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and that the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever,

3 30

con ributors not making good their Payments within the timeshmit ej, to forfeit their de pofi.s.

Accomptant General to give Credit for the Sums r.amed in the Certificates;

which may be transferred,

and carry 3l. percent. Interest.

Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury.

Method of the Lottery Eooks,

C 10. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

XXXI. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to, the Paid Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of Money at the Times, and in the Manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sum so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Residue of the Sums lb subscribed, at the Times, and in the Manner before mentioned; then, and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sums so subscribed as hall have been actually paid in Part thereof, tathe said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General for the Bank of England, for the Time being, shall, in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, give Credit on or before the first Day of July next, to the said respective Contributors, and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Principal Sums by them respectively subscribed and paid, and the said additional Capital of five Pounds per Centum by this Act allowed thereon; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums with the said additional Capital shall be so placed, their respective Executors, administrators and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Pei Tonnes, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be provided and kept by the said Accomptant General for that purpose; and every principal Sum so assigned and transferred, shall carry an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per ce?itu?n per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to a Proviso herein after contained for that Purpose

{ And whereas it is intended that every Contributor of the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

towards raising the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, shall have, and be entitled unto, an additional Capital of ten Pounds in a Lottery Ticket; which Tickets are to be prepared,

and a Lottery to be drawn, in manner herein after mentioned; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the drawing of Lots, and to order, do and perform, such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers or Directors shall meet together, from Time to Time, at some public Office, or Place for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers or Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns, and upon the innermost of the said three Columns there shall be printed sixty six thousand Tickets, to be numbered one, two, three and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression - the common Excess is to be one, until they rise to and for the Number of sixty six thousand y and upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed sixty six thousand Tickets of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the said Books there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and diretors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket, and the present Year of our Lord Christ) Words to this effet:

V HIS Ticket will entitle the Bearer thereof to six Pounds, or to a better Chance, in a Joint Ji Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at

th

Bank of England.'

stanagm to examine the Eooks of Tickets, and deliver them to the Receivers;

taking Receipts for them.

Receivers shall cut out, and deliver Ticket! to the Contributors.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, shall carefully examine all the said Books, with the Tickets therein; and take Care that the same be contrived, numbered and made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall deliver or cause to be delivered the same Books, and every or any of them, as they shall he examined, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, taking from such Cashier or Cashiers an Acknowledgment in Writing, under his or their Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Book or Books, and so many Tickets therein, as shall be delivered to him or them respectively; and all and every such Cashier or Cashiers respectively, is and are hereby dircted and required, upon his or their receiving the full consideration nioaey to be contributed on this Act, from any Person or Persons contributing as aforesaid, to cut out of the said Book or Books, so to be put into his or their Custody, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, lndentwife, one of the Tickets in the said extreme Columns; which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall sign with his or their own Name or Names, and he or they shall permit the Contributor, if it be desired, to write his or her Name or Markon the corresponding T ickets in the same Book; and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers shall deliver to the said Contributor the Ticket so cut oft, which he, she, or they, are to keep and ufo for the better

ascertaining

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo see undo Georgii II. c. 10. 331

ascertaining and Securing of the Interest which he, she or they, his, her or their Executors, admi nistrators or Assigns, shall or may have in the said Fund.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers, Receivers to return the on or before the first Day of November one thousand i'even hundred and fifty-nine, shall redeliver to Books vith the rc the said Managers and Directors, at their said Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and maindet ot 1, e IC therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not have cut out and delivered to the Contributors as aforesaid; that the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them,

which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the 'Pickets of the said. outermost Columns, which shall not have been delivered to the Contributors as aforesaid, if any such be, to be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept, and to be disposed of, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall judge reasonable and sitting.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part Tickets of the midd'c of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up. Columns in the Books, made out with three Columns as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back and fastened Wltl1 Sllk > to them, by or from the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made

fast with Thread or Silk; and the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them as afore a, deut offendentwife

said, shall in their Presence, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will be into a Box marked with

there, cause all the said "Pickets, which are to be so rolled up, and made fast as aforesaid, to be cut the Letter (A)

off Indentwife through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, into a Box, to be prepared

for that Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (A) which is presently to be put up into an Box to be lacked up and

other ftrorig Box, and to be locked with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of feaied.

the said Managers, and feaied with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until the said 'Pickets

are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the Tickets in the first or innermost Columns

of the said Books, shall remain still in the Books for discovering any Mistake or Fraud (if any such

should happen to be committed) contrary to the true Meaning of this ah

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and Di Books to be prepared

rectors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also with two Columns, on prepare, or cause to be prepared, other Books, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished eacla°f which 6o, oco

into two Columns; and upon the innermost of these two Columns there shall be printed sixty six Tickets to e rnn'£

thousand Tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed sixty six

thousand Tickets, all which shall be of equal Length and Breadth, as near as may be; which two

Columns in the said Books shall be joined with some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost 'Pickets may be cut off Indentwife; and that nine thousand three hundred and forty Tickets,

Part of those to be contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be, and be called the Fortunate Tickets, to which extraordinary Benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said Fortunate Tickets to be written upon, or otherwise Expressed, as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner following; that is to The Number and Value say, bpon two of thehvseveral ly, twenty thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon two of them fe of the Fortunate Tickets, verally, five thousand1 Pounds Principal Money; upon two of them severally, three thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon two of them severally, two thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon everyone of twenty-five of them severally, one thousand Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of thirty of them severally, five hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of one hundred and fifty of them severally, one hundred Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of seven hundred of them severally, fifty Pounds Principal Money; upon every one of eight thousand four hundred and twenty seven of them severally, twenty Pounds Principal Money: Which Principal Sums so to be 500l. to the First drawn written, or otherwise expressed upon the said Fortunate Tickets, together with five hundred Pounds iicker, and iocol. t Principal Money, to be allowed to the Owner of the First drawn Ticket, and one thousand Pounds the La drawn principal Money, to the Owner of the Last drawn Ticket, over and above the Benefits which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned Tickets; and together with the Sum of six Pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each Blank or Unfortunate Ticket of the said Lottery, will amount in the Whole to the Principal Sum of six hundred and sixty thousand Pounds; to be converted into Annuities by virtue of this AI, in respetft: of the said Lottery; and the said Managers and Direc tickets of the outermost tors, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Columns to be rolled up said Tickets; contained in the outermost Columns of the said last mentioned Books, to be in theand tied

Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out Indentwife cut out indentwise, through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box, to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be into a Box marked with marked with the Letter (B) which Box shall be put into another strong Box, and locked up with the Letter (B); seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and feaied up with j to b. c. locked up and their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets shall also be drawn in the Manner ae and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up, and cutting off', and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and sealing the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six Days immediately preceding the Day by this AI appointed for the Drawing the said Lottery: And to the End every Person concerned may be well assured that the Counterpart of the same Number

U u z wick

puslirk Notice to fce given of Times of putting the Tickets into th Boxes,

Lottery to begin drawin on 13 Nov. 1759.

Method to be observed in drawing, c.

After each day's Drawing, the Boxes to be lu.ked up and sealed.

Numbers of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Jntms, to be printed. i>ifputes relating ihereto, to be adjnfted by the Managers.

Penalty of forging Tickets or Certificates.

fcuny.

C to Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

with his or her Ticket is put into the Box, marked with the Letter (A) from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby diretfled, some public Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of putting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the: End that such Adventurers as shall be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the thirteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes, with all the Tickets therein, to be brought into the Guildhall of the City of London, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, by Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, and shall then and there severally attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said Tickets, to be severally taken out, of the other two Boxes, in which they shall have been locked up; and the Tickets or Lots in the respective innermost Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as will be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well shaken and mingled in each Box distinctly; one indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and dire died by the said Managers, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit Person to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said nine thousand three hundred and forty Furtunate, and fifty six thousand six hundred and sixty Blank Tickets shall be pro mifeuoufiy put as aforesaid; immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number, as well of the Fortunate as the Blank Ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall both be put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from, the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots, shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets, then the Principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the Principal Sums whereunto they shall be entitled respectively, and two of the said Managers shall set their Names as Witnesses to such Entries; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another File; and so the said Drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in such Method as is before mentioned, until the whole Number of nine thousand three hundred and forty fortunate Tickets, and one more for the Lass drawn as aforo said, shall be completely drawn; and as the same cannot be perform d in one day's Time, the said Managers or Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day, and so from Day today, and every Day (except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Sass Days) and then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole Number of nine thousand three hundred and forty fortunate Tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn as aforesaid; afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the fortunate Tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a Prong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjuff, and settle the Property thereof.

XXXIX. And to the Fnd the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what De ' gree they have been so Be it enacted, That as soon as the Drawing is over, the said Managers are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to cause to be printed and published the Number of the 'Pickets drawn against each fortunate T icket, and the Principal Sum written on the same; and if any Contention or Dispute shall arise in the adjusting the Property of the said fortunate Tickets, the major Part of the said Managers agreeing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates to be made forth by this act, or made forth, or to be made forth, upon any foimer Lottery aft, or alter any the Numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged or counterfeit 'Picket or 'Pickets, Certificate or Certificates, or shall bring any forged or counterfeit 'Picket or Certificate, or any 'Picket or Certificate the Number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said Managers, or any of them, or to the Cashier or Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the 'Pime being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to the Intent to defraud his Majesty, or any Contributor or Adventurer, or the Executors, Adminiffrarors and Assigns, of any Contihutor or Adventurer upon this Act; that then every such Person or Persons being thereof conviifted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without be nefir of Clergy: And the said Managers or Directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised, required and im powered, to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged cr counterfeit 'Picket or 'Pickets, Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her or them to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the common Gaol of the County er Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 333

r

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person Managers to faefwom. that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his ailing in such Commission, shall take the Oath following; that is to say,

1 F A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the trufi reposed in me; and that I will not The Oath; '

£ use any indirect Ail or M Cfli)3 j U L pcnuit or any P o y l i1 for A-- y »* ]\/t/inne,

to obtain a Prize or Fortunate Lot, for myself, or any other Person whatsoever; that I will do the utmost of my Endeavour to prevent any undue or finifler Practice to be done by any.,

Person whatsoever; that I will, to the bed of my Judgement, declare to whom any Prize,

Lot, or Ticket, of Right does belong, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of Parliament made in the thirty second Vear of his Majesty's Reign in that Behalf.'

Limitation of Sale of Chances, &c.

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other Managers and Directors.

XLI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys Managers, c. to be to arise by and out of any of the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, it shall and may be the°trtavury

lawful to and for any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer out of tj, e Lotiery for the Time being, to reward the said Managers and Directors, and the Clerks and Officers to be Money, employed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this Affair, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expenses as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the Com'of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall sell the Chance or Chances of any 'Picket or 'Pickets in the said Lottery, or any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, for a Day, or Part of a Day, or for a longer Time less than the whole Time of drawing the Lottery then to come; or shall receive any Money whatsoever in Consideration of the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, in case any 'Picket or Tickets in the said Lottery shall prove Fortunate; or shall lay any Wager relating to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, either as to the Time of such Ticket or Tickets being drawn, or whether such Ticket or pickets be drawn Fortunate or Unfortunate; and all and Penilcy» every Person and Persons who ball offend in any of the aforesaid Matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been received by such Person and Persons,

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; to be recovered by Action of Debe, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Wesl?ninster; in which no kftoin,

Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame; and every such Sale, Wager or Contract, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared null and void.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall jjl>ijons fepln|: s{jar "in ceep any Office or Offices, or shall print or publish any Scheme or Proposal, for receiving any Sum poffwrcd C

kee;

or Sums of Money in Consideration of any filtered: to b

granted

for the same, in any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, whereof such Person or Persons shall not then be actually possessed, or in Consideration of any Sum or Sums of Money to be repaid in case any Ticket or Number of Tickets in the said Lottery, which shall not be in the adlua) Possession of such Person or Persons. prove Fortunate or Unfortunate; all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay to forfeit 5001. the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvejlnunjier; in which no eftoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall lue for the same; and also shall suffer three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Main prize.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offence against any Offences committed in of the Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom, for preventing private and unlawful Lotteries, lre, 3nda£a, n ar shall be committed in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment, to be in ^"teclakd'm be 0^ flidted in like Manner as if the Offence was committed in this Kingdom; and thit such Penalties punishable, and may be as, by any of the said Acts, are cliredted to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record sued for in Dublin, at Westminster, shall in case of Offences committed against any of the said Acts in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

XLV. And to the End that all and every the Payments, as well upon the Fortunate as upon After the Drawing of the Unfortunate Tickets, maybe more easily ascertained, settled and adjusted, for the persons he Lottery, the Tickets who shall be and become in titled thereunto Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, he^exchaii^ed lor That as fuon as conveniently may be after the Drawing of the said Lottery shall be completed anu crtl ended, all and every the said 'Pickets, to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for Certificates to be signed by such of the said Managers as shall be appointed for that purpose.

skates, c.

book to be kept for en tering Persons Names,

Certificates to be signed, c.

cipa! Sums in the Certificates.

Alignments may be made of the said

Sums, & c.

Certificates to be filed

334. C 10. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. \ A.D. 1758.

Managers to give Notice

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That such of theyaid Managers, " as any three or more of the of the Time for taking coi^nfiffioriefs of, the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint to take ?*,'* the raid Tickets, and deliver out the said Certificates; for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely s cr Notice, by Advertisement to be "printed and published in Manner as they shall think fit, of the

Days and Times for taking in the said Tickets, and delivering out the said Certificates, for and in lieu of the same j and every person's Certificate (hill. be numbered m coui fc; according to their imaging cue a i l.cicets to the Managers lo to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which purpose such Managers sit all enter, or caufs to be entered into a Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose, the Name of every Person who shall bring nny Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for and the Number of their such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Nu mbers of the Ticket or Tickets which shall Tickets, c. be so brought by such pc rlon or Persons, the Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, and the

Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord when the same was so brought, which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned to peruse; which Certificates shall be signed by the Managers so to be appointed; or the major Part of them, and be directed to thee Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid - the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as Accountant General to aforesaid, shall upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to give^credit or^heprm the Persons named therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, r*pr' for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and admi nistrators, shall and may have Power to assign or transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Jodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose" " the Principal Sums so "assigned or transferred, shall carry the fai.i Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annuik* and shall b, e taken and deemed to be Stock transferable by this al, according to the rowers and Authorities herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as aforesaid; the said ac cornplr; nt General of the bank of England for the Time being, is hereby authorised and directed to thereof"*cancel and file the Certificates, as they shall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and

to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, tellifying the Principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so. received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XLVIII. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the said transferrable Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from time time, until the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed as aforesaid, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person tr.'afury to issue Money within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys from for that Purpose to the time to time arising into the said Receipt of Exchequer, from the said Subsidies, Rates and Duties by this Act granted and appropriated, as shall be sufficient from time to time for Payment of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall by Order of the commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had and obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be ifihed and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, for the Time being, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall, from time to time, be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Account thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

Accomptant General to

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General examine the Receipts and for the Time being shall, from time to time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the Garments ott ic Cashier. cash' er or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; Law, Statute or Custom "to the contrary notwithstanding.

L And be it further enacted by, the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this Act towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending, shall be deemed one Capital and Joint Stock; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Moneys by them severally advanced for the Purchase of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or to which they shall become entitled

3

A Chief caitiier, and Accountant General, to be appointed by the Bank for paying the Annuities.

said taihicr,

who is to account for the same.

Annuities deemed a j'trfonal f.state, c.

Annuities deemed a jo.nt Stctk;

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 10. 335

by virtue of this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the

laid Stock, and in the said Annuities attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; that the said and made transferable.

whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, shall be assignable and transferrable

as this Act directs, and not otherwise.

LI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon Clause of Redemption, six Months Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and upon Repayment by parliament of the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Pact thereof, by Payments not lcfs than five hundred thousand Pounds at' one Time, in such Manner as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and atfo upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; then, and not till then, such and so much of the said Annuities as shall be attending on the Principal Sums so paid off, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed, and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, Signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged.to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Bocks shall be constantly kept Transfer Books to be by the said Accomptant General for the Time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the epee the Accountant said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall, at all seasonable Times, ene, a'be entered and registered; Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and meth°d of transferring, shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absents: ock' by their respective Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

LIII. Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share in the said Joint Stock of Annui Annuities deviseable by ties, or Estate and Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or Will, more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise. till so much of Entry to be made of such the said Will as relates to any Share, Estate, or Interest, in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, be clause the Will, entered in the said Office; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate, or Interest, in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; that Transfer not liable to no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to stamp Daties* the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys ari Treasury to pay all inci sing from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, dent Charges attending any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, ^execution otthis shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier and to make an allow or Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have ance to the Cashier and Power to make out of the Fund hereby established, or out of the Sinking Fund, such further Allow Accomptant General; ances as shall be judged reasonable, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per annum, payable by virtue of this Act; and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour to be at the Dispofelcf of the said Accomptant General, for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act; all which the Governor and com allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Pany of the Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Dispofa! only.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Gover Bank to continue a cor nor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption porat'on the annu of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, uies e re sem>'C shall continue a Corporation till all the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by this Act granted, shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein before contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing.

in pursuance of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be de no See for Payment of manded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said Contribution Contribution Money, Moneys, or any of them, or for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any Sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Offender or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Coils of Suit; and that all Receipts and Hues, and all other Things diiefted by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done or performed by rht. Officer there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Re'or Gratuity for the same; and in case the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any Penalty, such Fee or Reward, or shall misapply or divert any of the Moneys to be paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the true Intent of

- this

peficicr.eies of the Exchequer. .'tc. how to be m ije good.

Pinking Fund to be replaced.

C

Surplus Moneys how to be applied.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs,

this Act, or shall not keep such Books, Registers, or make Entries, " and do and perform all Things which by this at they are directed and required to do and perform; every such Offender shall for ieit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of any ofhce or Place of Trust whatsoever, and shall answer and pay T reble Coils of Suit to any Contributor or Person claiming under him that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmhjhr, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than' one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff, upon Recovery, sit all. have full Costs of Suit; one third of which Sum shall be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other two thirds shall be to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

LVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the Produce of the said several Subsidies, Rates and Duties hereby granted, for Payment of the said several Annuities, hall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and re speflive Annuities and other Charges directed to be paid thereout, at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall he or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called She Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf]; and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times, before any Moneys of the several Subsidies, Rates, and Duties hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half yearly Days of Payments before mentioned, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted, shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be issued out of the Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced, by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said several Subsidies, Rates, and Duties, after the said several and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Overplus or Remainder shall, from time to time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other at or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any 'Filing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Actor of any Matter or T hing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence: And if, upon Trial, a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XI.

An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland for a limited Time.

i'fcairible.

WHEREAS the permitting the free Importation of Cattle into Great Britain from Ireland

- tr nenrer Lain con < for a limited Time, may be of great Advantage to both Kingdoms Be it therefore enacted Gl° igf^tic kins's in°ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

1. C 8. 18 Car. 2. c. 3.. same. That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the free

our. z. c. 7. 21 Car. Importation of all Sorts of Cattle into this Kingdom from Ireland, shall he and is hereby permitted, n}zclf allowed, and authorised, for and during the Space of five Years from the said first Day of May, 'c'^deo> U'" or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all Per 31 2' fons hall he, and are hereby exempted, freed, and discharged, from the Payment of all Subsidies,

f.rr Importation cf all Customs, Rates, Duties, or other Impositions, and also from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, s us 01 Cattle from lrc, and Punishments, for or upon account of Importing or bringing Cattle into this Kingdom from j.na, allowed ior 5 v'cars, Ireland, during the Term aforesaid; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwith 10m 1 May 1759; Handing.

tl.i Tame to be duty free,

)., million of Aftjoirs,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, ti de (c: cral iftuc. femlant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General I fine, and give this Act,

and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done

2 in

Free Importation of Tallow allowed for 5 yt ars, from X May 1739.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 12, 13. 337

in pursuance and by the Authority of this A; if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath Treble Costsj or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XII.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the allowing, for a limited Time, the free Importation of tallow. from Irc-

land, may tend to the Ease of the Public, and Advantage of the Revenue, by reducing the Price, and encouraging the Consumption, of Candles in this kingdom be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Subsidy, Custom, Rate, Duty or other Imposition whatsoever, shall be demanded, collected, received or taken, upon any Tallow un manufactured into Candles or Soap, which shall be imported into this Kingdom from Ireland; but that all such Tallow shall and may be imported Duty free for the Space of five Years, from the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament; any former Law,

Statute, or act or acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Tallow at the custom house belonging to the Port into which the same shall be imported, in such Manner and Form, and expressing the Quantities of such Tallow, as were used and pra£hfed before the making of this at; and such Tallow shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose; and if any Person or Persons upon the Importation of any Tallow from Ireland, shall not observe and perform the said Conditions and Directions herein before mentioned, every such Person shall be liable to, and pay such and the same Duties, as such Tallow would have been liable to if this at had not been made; anything in this at contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such action or Suit, may plead the General issue, and give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this at; and if it. shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the Parish of Colne, in the County of Huntingdon.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds (Part of the Great Level of the Fens preamble, called Bedford Level) in the Parishes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton and Colne, in the County of Huntingdon, lately belonging to Sir Thomas Drury Baronet, Dinghy Ajkham Esquire,

Rebecca Mi Hourn. Widow, William Underwood and Charles Leeds, Gentlemen; and containing in the whole by Estimation, one thousand four hundred Acres or thereabouts, the Boundaries whereof are as follow; that is to say, Beginning from the North w?ft Corner of the Farm belonging to Charles Leeds, next to William underwood's Hither High Fen Farm, in Somersham aforesaid, and next to Fenton Load, and from thence, along the said Fenton Load, to Fenton jviiloius, by the North East Corner of Mistress Rebecca milbourn's Land; and from thence by the River of West Water, to Croivlade Common, to Chatteris Chehn, up to the Hard Lands there; and from thence, by the said River of West Water, to hammond's Eau Bridge, at Somerfoam Toll; and from thence along the said hammond's Eau to the Drain called leeds's Twelve Foot Drain, and along the said Twelve Foot Drain, to the South West Corner of the said Charles leeds's Farm; and from thence along the Drain between William underwood's Hither High Fen Farm, and the said Farm belonging to the said Charles Leeds, to Fenton Load, are subject to be overflowed, but are capable of being drained, and thereby greatly improved: And whereas the fa iff lands and Grounds adjoin or lie contiguous to several of the Lands and Grounds mentioned and described in an AI made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving, Geo. a.

Vol. VIII XX 'certain

Fntry to be made thereof;

and the same to be landed in tyre Presence of an Officer.

Penalty,

Limitation of Actions, General Iffae,

[Treble Costs.]

Extended by i Geo. 3. c. 10. to Hog i Lard and Grease

338 C 13. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the fever a I Parishes o" Sutton, Mepall, Witcham, Chatteris,

Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen in The Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also in the Patijhes of Somersham, and Pidlev with Fenton, in tbs County Huntingdon; and may be conveniently drained and preserved under the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal, and The Powers, he. of Act Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and 22 Geo. 2. extended to after the passing of this Act, the said Act made.in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's hi Act. Reign, intituled, An Act for draining and prejcrying certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen in The Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also in the Parifoes a/'somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; and all the power's, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take Effect, operate and be executed, with respect to the Lands and Grounds herein before bounded and described, and to the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers and Tenants thereof, and to all Persons committing Offences in relation thereto, or in relation to any Cuts, Drains, Outlets, Banks, Engines or other Works whatsoever, made or hereafter to be made, or maintained, for draining, preserving or improving the said Lands and Grounds, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and efteftully to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were herein repeated and re enacted, with respect to the said Lands and Grounds, and to the said Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Tenants and Persons, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Lands and Grounds had been described in the said Act, and were Part

of the Lands and Grounds thereby authorizad or directed to be drained, preserved or improved; and.

The Rates on the Lands that the Rates and Taxes hereby chargeable, and to be charged upon the Lands and Grounds herein herein described, are fub _ before bounded and described, shall he equally subject and liable to the Payment of the Debt of one ^debv&c^o^rafted t^lou^an^ Pounds, borrowed by the Commissioners of the said former Act, and yet remaining undif under^he former act £ charged, together with the Interest now due, and to grow due thereon, equally and rateably with equally with Lands com the Lands and Grounds comprised in the said former Act, and in the same Manner, as if the said

prized in the said Act. Lands and Grounds mentioned in this present Act, had originally been comprised in the said former

Act, and the Rates and Taxes chargeable thereon, had been comprehended in the Securities made by the Commissioners for the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, so borrowed by virtue of the said former Act.

The Commissioners un

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this der the former Act, with Act, the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said former Act, shall be, and they are 'o^umttafttin Ex hereby authorised and empowered, during the Time that they shall be possessed of such qualificati tc Pu. ots in x as aie t[ierejn mentioned, to act as well in the Execution of this Act, as of the said former Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed Commissioners in and by this present Act, and that Sir Thomas Hatton Baronet, William Underwood and Charles Leeds, Gentlemen shall be, and are hereby added to the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act; and they are hereby authorised and empowered, during the Time that they shall be possessed of such Qualification as is therein mentioned, to act in the Execution of the said former Act and this present Act, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appoined Commissioners in the said former Act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for putting the said former Act or this present Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, shall, in the first Place, and before any other Works are made for draining and preserving the Lands hereby intended to be drained and preserved, cause the following Works to be done and performed; that is to say, They shall cause a Mill to be built at such Place as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and that the Sum of three hundred and twenty Pounds at leaf!:, shall bcj expended in erecting such Mill, and making the Hill Bridge and Water Ways; and shall cause the Bank against Fenton Load to be repaired, as far as the Lands hereby intended to be drained and preserved shall extend, and then along to the Ferry Chelm to the Hard Lands; and a fufneient Drain to be made from the Corner of the Land lately belonging to Sir Thomas Drury Baronet. cross the Common called Crollade Common, and along Snares Load, to the new Drain made by virtue of the said former Act, at the Corner of the Ground belonging to William Strong Esquire; and a fuliftantial Cart Bridge to be built over the said Drain on the Turnpike Road, and other Bridge over the said Drain, into the Grounds called The Old Halves, at the Place where the Road now is.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That no Earth shall be taken for repairing the said Banks from any lard which lies within the Difiance of ninety Feet from such Banks.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained hall extend, or be confirued to extend, to empower the Commissioners in the said recited

certainbirks and Lands Act uid this Act named and appointed, to do any Act that may prejudice or damage a Bank nd tue £^tudkcj b j( Uiging to Fenton Load, lying between certain Lands belonging to Matter Leeds, Matter Underwood, C u'* Dirglcy Af'ham Esquire, ttw Representatives of Sir Thomas Drury Baronet, and Mi ft refs Rebecca

mulourn, on one Side, and Warboys Fcn3 and certain Lands belonging to John Leman Esquire, and

M litre fs

pu

ecution

v/oiks to be executed previous to any other.

t.arth for repairing he Hanks, to br taken at same Diflante from them.

339

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. C

VI. r y

Mi ft refs Elizabeth Newnham, on the other Side, so that the Lands of the said John Lemon, or Elizabeth Newnham, may be hurt or affected thereby.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Rate: how to be a/teitd, Taxes to be assessed, eoliecfe'd or levied, upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained

and preserved, shall at all Times hereafter be act clled, collected or levied, rateably and proportion ably.to, and shall not at any Time exceed the Rates and Taxes which shall be assessed and raised upon the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the said former ACT',

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purpose of Provifc. applying the Money which shall be raised by virtue of the said former A CL and this present Add, the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved, shall not be deemed Part of the

Fen called jvejlmore Beezlings, and Rejlidge, but Part of the other Lands and Grounds mentioned in the said Act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Tax Lands exempted

shall be assessed, collected or levied by virtue of the said former Act, or this present Act, for or in frcrn pa}ine'n 0 'U5S#

respect of certain Highlands, in a Farm called Rumball, containing thirty Acres, being Part of

three hundred Acres of Land belonging to the said Charles Leeds, and lies nearest to the House there, or for or in respect of any Lands in the said Common called Crollade Common \ anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved. have in Consideration of the Expenses that will be necessarily incurred in making the several Works aforesaid, and other Works, for the effectual draining and preserving thereof, agreed to pay in Proportion to their respective Properties therein, the Sum of three hundred Pounds, to the Commissioners for putting the said former act in Execution, to be applied in Manner herein after mentioned; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained and preserved, shall on or before the first Day of July next, pay or cause to be paid, unto the Commissioners for putting the said former act in Execution, or to any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, the Sum of three hundred Pounds; and that the said Sum shall be paid by the said respective Owners and 3001, to be paid to the Commissioners under the

taxed by virtue former Af by the Pro

by the Commissioners. The same may be levied upon the Owners or

Proprietors, in Proportion and according to the Number of Acres liable.to.be

of this act, which every such Owner or Proprietor shall be possessed of, or entitled to, in priet0rs of Lands to be the said Lands and Grounds, which Proportions shall be settled and ascertained by the said drained under this Act. Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and in case of nonpayment thereof, it shall Proportion to be settled be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby im powered to cause the same to be raised and levied upon such respective Owners and Proprietors so making Default, or upon the Tenants or Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds Tenants in respect whereof such Default shall be made, in the same Manner as the Rates or Taxes authorised by the said former act to be assessed or imposed, are upon Failure of Payment thereof directed by the said act to be raised and levied.; and the Tenants or Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds, who shall pay any such Sums as aforesaid, or upon whom the same shall be levied, are hereby authorised to deduct the Moneys so paid or levied out of the Rent, which they are liable to Tenants paying, to depay for such Lands and Grounds, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof are hereby required to out

allow such Deduction, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rent; and every Tenant making such 0 1 e ent' Payment shall be acquitted for so much Money as the same shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Owners or Proprietors respectively, except where there is a Lease of three except whee there is a or more Years to come from the Commencement of this act, and in such Case the Proportion ofleafe» in which Case, the Sums so settled and ascertained as aforesaid, which the Tenant ought to bear and pay in Confi Prp ions 10 eara deration of the Benefit which he or she will receive, shall be adjudged and awarded by five or more 1 p \ of the Commissioners for putting the said former act in Execution; the said Sum of three hundred Application of the 300i1 Pounds shall be applied towards defraying the Expense of erecting, making and maintaining such Works, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall judge necessary or proper, for the draining and improving the Lands and Grounds, hereby and by the said former act intended to be drained and preserved; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expenses of pro Charges of obtaining this curing this act shall be in like Manner defrayed by the Owners, Proprietors and Lessees of the Aa to be defrayed by said Lands and Grounds in and by this present act mentioned and intended to be drained and pre the owners and Leffecs' served, in Proportion to their respective Properties and Interests therein; which Proportions shall he

settled and ascertained; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on or before the said first Day of July, shall be raised and levied in such Manner as is herein before authorised and directed with respect to the settling, ascertaining, raising and levying the said Bum of three hundred Pounds; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty of making Sock make any Sock Dyke, or Sock Gripple, on any of the said Lands or Grounds within the Distance ^ykes> or.sock gnp of ninety Feet from any Bank which now is, or hereafter shall be, made for keeping off the Wa cfftantc^rtbe^anks j ters from any of the said Lands and Grounds, or more than one Foot deep in any Part of the said or more than one Foot Lands and Grounds; every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of threepence deep,

for every Foot in Length of such Sock Dyke, or Sock Gripple, for every Month during which the same shall be continued; which Forfeiture shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the

X X z offender's

o

Application of the j'enahy.

Limitation cf Actionj,

Ccperal issue*

Treble Ccfi*. pi.blick Ail,

C 14. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 175&j

offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Paid County of Huntingdon; which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby re

Stired to grant upon Proof of the Offence by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon ath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) and the Overplus remaining, after such Forfeiture and necessary Charges re deducted, shall be returned to the Offender; and such Penalty, when recovered, shall! be paid to the Paid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expense of putting the said former Act and this present Act in Execution; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, such Justice or Justices shall, by the same or any other Warrant, commit any such Offender to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby given; every such. Action, Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Hnn- iingdon, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, Not guilty; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by the Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid) at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if' any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County; then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, or Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as^where Costs by law are awarded.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken and allowed to be zs. Public, k Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required ta take Notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same,

I ^1

r r

cap: XIV.

An Act for the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying, of poie. Fines, which shall be due to the Crown, or to Grantees thereof under, the Crown; and for the Ease of Sheriffs in respect to the same.

on.uiitle. 4

For f.rrrer Frc'viji'r.' ten*t ting Stcnj; s refer to t jy Ed. 1. C 39. 27 £</, .< 1, ft. 1. C 2. 28 Ed.:

-. 8^13.9Eli. 2. ft. 2. 14 Ed. 2. C 1. 1 Ed. 3. 4 i. 2. C 4. zed. 3. C 4. '

5 Ed. 3. C 4. 14 Ed. 3. t C 7 (£ >). zs, dy, C 7

6 9. 42 Ed. 3. C 9. i R. 2. C 1 X 111, 4.

WHEREAS great Trouble and Expense arise in the Execution of the Office of Sheriff, by the present Method of collecting, accounting for, and paying, of Post Fines, which become due to the Grown, or to Grantees or proprietors thereof under the Crown, by reason that the Persons from whom such post Fines are due, are frequently unknown to the Sheriff', and reffde out of his County; and the Parishes, Towns, Precincts, or Places in winch the Lands lie, whereof the Fine was levied, are frequently misnamed, whereby the Sheriff is unable to find out the same. And forasmuch as the Sheriff of every. County, on the passing his Accounts, is obliged to pay to the Crown, before he can obtain his .[ihiii tus, the several and respective Post Fines, charged upon him, many of which he is never able to collect in and receive, to his manifest Loss and Detriment; For Remedy whereof, and for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their

fl. 8. C 16.

3ed. C Court of Common Pleas at ivejjmnsler, the Officer or Officers, whose Duty it is to set and endorse

the k d

civer

of Prehnes at the Alienation Office, for the Time being, together with the Sum of fourpence, as

his See for receiving the same; iiiftcad and in lieu of nernents and Hereditaments

nc; in (lead and in lieu of the See of fourpence charged on Lands, te s, and payable to Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and others, on discharging the same, e third Year of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled.

16. 20 cc. 2. C 37 24 Geo 2. C 48.

'1 hr full Fnc to be in

dotted on the Rule r.f.

the Writ, by he Ofitter by Virtue of tllc Att of th wl fi

ni

Office: oou» r.ir.cs

puii together to the Receiver of the i'icfincs at the Alienation Office, with 4 d, for his See, instead of the line granted by. Act 3 gee. 2.

cenfes

A.D. 17 5 S Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 14. 341

cease and determine; and such Receiver shall endorse upon the Rack of every such Writ or Writs Receiver to indorsi; on

of Covenant, one particular or certain Mark of Office, in like Manner as is now used by. him 011 h^m^rkof

the Receipt of Prefines at the Alienation Office, together with the Name of such Receiver, and the nam/^nd Sum return of Money which shall be by him received as the Port Fine due thereon; which Mark and In ceived! dorfement of such Receiver, shall discharge the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Commons and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Writ or Writs of Covenant, and the cogniz.ee or cognk z.ees named therein.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Clerk of the King's Clerk of the Silver Of silver Office, or his Deputy, from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term one thousand seven to enter and nurk hundred and fifty-nine, shall continue to enter every such Fine or Fines upon Record, in the Way hi the F, net therto used in the passing of Fines, and make thereof the same Entries, and shall put thereon the same Indorsements, with the same Stamp or Mark, and in the like Manner, as has hitherto been -

thcconstant Usage and Pradfice of the said Office in passing of Fines; and that no Fine, until the F, nes not valid until same shall be stamped and marked with the Sum to which the Port Fine amounts as aforesaid in the ^apked

said King's Silver Office, shall be deemed a Fine valid and effectual in Law. w, t C ° me'

ISLAND whereas no Prefine is payable on any Writ of Covenant where the Lands and tene --merits contained therein are under the yearly Value of five Marks; but a certain Sum of six Shillings and eight Pence hath been anciently set and payable to the Crown on every such Writ of Covenant, as and for the King's Licence being granted to the Parties in such Writ of Covenant named to accord Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Where no Prefine is the said first Day of Trinity Term, in all Cases where no Prefine shall be payable on any. Writ of payable on the Writ, Covenant, the Officer or Officers at the said Alienation Office, whole Duty it is to set and endorse the the.of^ at 4e aliej Prefine on every Writ of Covenant on which a Prefine is payable, shall seton every Writ of Cove "Ipost fin^o/vs^sd! nant brought to the said Alienation Office, on which no Prefine shall be payable, a Port Fine of thereon, six Shillings and eight Pence, as hath been anciently usually put, at the said King's Silver Office, on every Writ of Covenant on which no Prefine was payable; and Avail endorse such Port: Fine of and >ndor!* the same, six Shillings and eight Pence on every such Writ of Covenant, together with his or their Name or and

Names, and Mark of Office, in the like Manner as it hath been usual to endorse such Writs of Tha, L samof6s. 84. Covenant at the said Alienation Office; and every such Port Fine of six Shillings and eight Pence to be paid before the shall be paid to the said Receiver of the said Alienation Office, before the Writ of Covenant on Writ pass the Alienation which no Prefine is payable shall be passed at the said Alienation Office; and the said Receiver, on Payment of the said six Shillings and eight Pence, shall endorse on and mark every such Writ of ^ece, ver ndorfe his of Covenant, in like Manner as other Writs of Covenant are by this Act before directed to be in Writ? 1 C dorsed and marked by such said Receiver.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, the Officer or Clerk of the eros the s*lvfr Of

king's Silver Office, or his Deputy, from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term one thousand l5'e receive no rit seven hundred, and fifty-nine, shall not receive any Writ or Writs of Covenant, unless it shall ap

by the Mark and Indorsemem of such Receiver, as aforesaid, that the Port Fine, has been paid*° pa

thereon.

V. Provided nevertheless, That if after the Payment of such Port Fine or Port Fines as afore if the Writ shall be pre

said...

Case, the said Receiver shall repay to the Cognizec or Cognizees, in every such Writ or Writs of Covenant, his, her or their Attorney or Agent, on their producing and filing with him the said Writ or Writs of Covenant, all and every, such Sum and sums of Money as shall have been before by him received thereon as and for the Poll Fine or Poll Fines; and such Writ or Writs of Covenant so remaining filed with such. Receiver, shall be and is hereby declared to be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver, for such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall so repay as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such Receiver as aforesaid Receiver to enter into. before he takes upon him the Execution of his said Office, shall enter into a Recognisance before R cognizance, with one of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, \'< ciues' to' '

one or more Surety or Sureties, as shall be thought proper by such Baron, in the penal Sum of W? mwiw due pay'? fie thousand Pounds, conditioned for the.due and faithful Execution of the said Office, and to pay mems of the Moneys unto every respective Sheriff of every. County, City, and Town In England, having a Sheriff 01 received by him. Sheriffs, or his under Sheriff or, lawful Attorney, on his or their producing to such Receiver, his Clerk or Agent, at his public Office, the Quietus of the Sheriff for whom Payment is required, the Sum Total of the Soil Fines which shall be contained in such respective Qtiietusy and wherewith such Sheriff Aiall have been charged in his Account in the Exchequer; and a!so to pay unto all and every the lords of Liberties, Proprietors or grantees of Toft Fines under the Crown, or to their lawful Bailiffs or Attorney, upon their producing respectively unto the said Receiver, his Clerk or Agent, at his public Office, the respective Schedules of the Foreign Appofer, or Clerk of the Estreats of the said Court of Exchequer, the fever a}, and respective Sums of Money in such Schedules contained, and set over as Port Fines to such Lords, Proprietors, or Grantees respectively to justify rhrm whkh said Surety or Sureties, shall respectively justify him or herjself, before the Baron taking such Recognisance, to be worth the Sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, over and bcfrtles all just re °c r;: «ric« to be

- 11 7 n j r "1 transmit: ed to, and filed.

all convenient Speed, after the in the cw vl >; x.hc, to the kings Remembrancer

of

nj vvutvn cue, uuiu ui iwu muuiaiiu live liuiiujwu i m

Debts and Incumbrances; and every such Recognisance shall, with al taking thereof, be transmitted by the Baron, who shall take, the same

Month.

Time of receiver's At

34-2 C 14. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

Receiver and Sureties li of the Court of Exchequer, there to be filed and remain on Record; and such Receiver, and his said

able in the Penalty of Sureties, dial] in all Cases be respectively liable to the amount of such penal Sum, to make Satis

cuc r'c°5nlzanc.e» the faction to each respective Sheriff, and also to the respective Lords of Liberties, Proprietors, or gran tiesrip ro °hetors or" tees for all and every Post Fine and Post Fines which shall be received by such Receiver his De grantees, for the Poll puty or Agent, on any Fine levied of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, within Fines received. their respective Sheriffwicks or Liberties; and in case of the Death or Insolvency of any of the said

On the Death, cof a Sureties, at any Time after the entering into such Recognisance as aforesaid, then one or more Surety, a new one to be Surety or Sureties in the Room or Place of him, her or them, so dying or becoming' info!vent, as provided within one aforesaid, hall, within the Space of one Month then next, enter into such Recognisance as the said Surety or Sureties so dying or becoming insolvent bad entered into, and justify himself, herself

or themselves, in like Manner as is before directed in this Act; in Default of which the said Office shall immediately cease, determine, and be utterly void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day tendance at Office, and of Trinity Term, every such Receiver, his Clerk or Agent, shall daily (Sundays and Holidays except delivery of the Writs. ed) attend at the said Alienation Office from nine of the Clock in the Morning till one of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall deliver back every such Writ of Covenant as aforesaid, when the same shall be called for at the said Alienation Office, during the Office Hours herein before appointed for such receiver's Attendance at the said Office, within two Days after every such Post Fine shall be paid thereon respectively, unless the last of the said two Days shall happen to be a Sunday or Holiday, and then on the next succeeding Day.

Receiver to pay the Poll

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Receiver as aforesaid shall Fines to the Sheriff, on pay unto every Sheriff of any of the Counties, Cities, or Towns of England, his Under Sheriff or producing his Quietus, lawful Attorney, on his producing his j hiietus, the several and respective Sums of Money in the said Quietus mentioned to have been by him accounted for in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer,

and ber

the schedules of the b the Schedules of the Foreign Appofer, or Clerk of the Estreats of the said Court of Exchequer, the Foreign Appofer. several and respective Sums of Money in the said Schedules set and allowed to them as Post Fines \ Receiver to deduct 6d. the said Receiver deducting and retaining to himself, out of every twenty Shillings which he shall foin the Pound, and no pay, the Sum of six Pence only, for his Trouble and Attendance on the due Execution of this Act, moic, of the Sums paid an] in prcrportion for any greater or less Sum, and which he is hereby authorised and empowered ini* to deduct and retain to his own Use; neither the said Receiver, nor any other Person or Persons

whatsoever, for his or their Attendance on such Receiver, shall charge or be allowed any Fee or Reward for or 'on the Account of doing anything by this Act: directed, except the said Fees to such Receiver in this Act particularly mentioned and expressed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine shall make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, forged, or counterfeited, the Mark or Hand of such Receiver as aforesaid, whereby such Receiver, or any other Person or Persons, shall or may be defrauded, or suffer any Loss thereby; every Person or Persons convicted of such Offence, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Receiver refusing or lie.

to pay such Post Fines to the said respective Sheriffs, Lords of Liberties, Proprietors, or

poftfinss jqt payme Grantees under the Crown, or their lawful Attorneys, or Bailiffs, shall be subject to such Order as

the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif shall make for the Payment of and being guilty of any the same; and the said Receiver, and every Person or Persons who shall he guilty of any wilful Dc misdemeanor, to forfeit fault, Extortion, or Misdemeanour, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall for ticblc Damages. feit aiki p3y to the Party aggrieved Treble Damages with full Costs, which mall and may he ordered and awarded by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, upon Application made to, and on due Proof Limitation of Profccu thereof made before them, in such summary Way and Method as to them shall seem meet; provided tl0ns every such Application or Profecjtior. he made within the Space of two Years next after any such

Orders of the Court m Offence shall have been committed, and not otherwise; such Orders of the said Court of exchs 0kej' quer, so to be made as aforesaid, final have the same Force, Virtue, and Fffeft, and the Observance

thereof shall be enforced by such Ways and Means, as any other Orders of the same Court.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not

.. any Way alter the Operation of any Fine which after the said first Day of Trinity Term one

Ail?' nt 3 Crc C 15 thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall be levied in the Court o Common Pleas at

minster, or the Course of passing Fines in that Court, otherwise than is in and by this Act directed.

Public act,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Penalty of forging the receiver's Hand or Mark.

Receiver made subject to the Order of the

Operation of Fines in the Court of mmon

CAP. XV.

C. 15.

343

A.D. 1758 Anno tricesimo fecimdo Georgii II.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS great Sums of Money have been expended in amending and repairing the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, yet the said Roads cannot be kept

in sufficient Repair, and are in many Places become ruinous by the great and excessive Weights which the Number of Horses now allowed by Law to draw Wagons and other Carriages, enable

Carriers, and other Persons, using the said Roads, to carry upon the same For Remedy whereof,

Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au

hority of the same, That from and after the LI ft Day of September one thousand seven hundred and Additional Toll of 5 s.

ifty nine, where any Wagon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, is drawn by four or more Horses, or per Horse to belaid on

ather Beasts of Draught, it shall and may be lawful for all Trustees or Commissioners appointed, oral Wagons, c. drawn, sereafter to be appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of any Highway or High c°ur»ordrnore Hyr, 3s, vays, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in their respective Districts, or any five or more In cot an sf them, or any Person or Persons empowered by them, or any five or more of them, to demand,

eceive, and take, and they are hereby required to demand, receive, and take, at all the Gates and Bars that are or shall be erected for receiving and collecting any Toli or Duty, before such Wagon,

Wain Cart or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any such toll gate or tollbar, over and above the Tolls or Duties already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the Sum of five shil ings Sterling for each Horse, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any such Wagon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; which said additional Toll or Duty hereby granted and made payable, shall and may be levied upon any Person who flball, after Demand made thereof, refuse or neglect to pay the same, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty, payable at the same turnpike gate or Bar, is by Law to be levied; and the Money arising from such additional Duty, shall be applied to the Repair of the Highway where the same shall be collected.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall take os. Penalty on tailing off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or Horses, or other Beast of Draught, from any Carriage, off Horse, c. to avoid it or before the same shall come to any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, with an Intent to avoid pay the additional Toll.

ring the said additional Toll or Duty, each and every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, upon the Oath of one or more credible witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) shall forfeit and pay twenty Shillings Sterling; one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied to repairing such Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Ive or more of them, shall appoint.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who Travelling

shall drive any Wagon or other Carriage upon any Part of any Turnpike Road, with more Horses with fewer Horses on one than such Wagon, or other Carriage, shall, on the same Day, pass through any turnpike bar or Part of the Road than on Gate with, shall be deemed and and adjudged to have taken off the said Horses, with Intent to another to avoid paying the said additional Toll or Duty.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Wagon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be drawn by more than eight Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, upon any Turnpike Road, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds Sterling for every such Offence; one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied to repairing the Road where the Offence shall be committed, as the Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Such Number of Horse! shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain the Owner or Owners of any Car maybsufed for drawing {iage, or his or their Servants, using or drawing with as many Plorfes, or Beasts of Draught, as S, arr ages, up H: 'k as j!15shall be necessary for drawing such Carriages up any ffeep Hill, as the said Trustees, or any five^p^p

or more of them, within their respective Districts, where such steep Hills do lie, shall, from time Co fthe oer t, i, / to time, orde? and direct; a Copy of which Order and Direction, under the Hand of the Clerk lodged with the collec of the said Trustees, ball be kept by the Person or Persons empowered to levy the said Tolls for of the Tolls, cor Duties, at the toll gate next adjacent to such Hills; and shall without Fee or Reward, be made Patent to the Owners of such Carriages passing the Road, or their Servants, requiring to see the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con Wagons, c. with tained shall impose or be construed to impose the said additional Duty on any Wagon, Wain, Broad Wheels.

Cart, or other Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of the Breadth or Gauge of nine

Inches, from Side to Side, at the leaf!; nor on any Wagon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or carrying only one. employed iri carrying one Tree or Piece of Timber, one stone or Block of Marble, or any Ma Blockof Marble, ^c. not chine or Engine in one Piece, which cannot be drawn by fewer than four Plorfes; nor on any liable t additional Duty.

Wagon,

X

only cf iwc.

Chaises, Coaches, c. exempted.

Tnitres may order v.'iieols to be measured.

carnages with wheels

Wagon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Oxen or Neat Cattle only, or along with two

Horses, and no more.

Carriage? with Fellies VII. And. for the further encouraging the using of Broad Wheels, Be it further enacted by the ct the Wheels six inches Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hun, {oa, drs'.n A L e, e dred and fifty-nine, all Wagons, Wains and Carts, whereof the Fellies of the Wheels are jt.i.nr.v. -of the j3rcac; th or Gauge of six Inches from Side to Side, at the lead, drawn by three Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, shall only be liable and subject to Payment of such Toll or Duty as is at present imposed, by the Acts of Parliament already made, upon Wagons, Wains and Carts, drawn by two Horses.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to any Chaifc Marine, Coach, Chariot, Landau. Berlin, Chaise, Chair, or calash.

IX. And, for the better discovering and detecting the Offenders against this Act; It is hereby further enacted, That it lhnil and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for the repairing cr amending any Higway or Higways withithin that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, by writing.under their Hands, to order the Fellies of the Wheels of all Wagons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, which are, or ought to be, of the Breadth or Gauge herein before directed and prescribed, to be measured and gauged at any '1 umpike or toll gate erected, or to be erected, upon any Part of the Highway cr Road, in or upon which such Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage respectively, shall travel, pass, or be drawn.

X Provided always, That in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons ap

Wheels of any Wagon or

were originally, and when by long Usage and Wearing,

shall have been reduced to, and become of, less Breadth or Gauge; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Wagon or Wheel Carriage to travel, pass, or be drawn upon any such Turnpike road, so as the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof respectively be not diminirhed more than one Inch of the full Breadth required by this Act.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons shall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obflritd, the measuring or gauging the Fellies of such Weels, or shall use any Violence to any Person or Persons employed or concerned in such measuring or gauging; each and every Person so offending, and being cor.vided thereof before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnessbs, which Oath the said Trustees or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer, shall forfeit and pay five Pounds Sterling; one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied to repairing such Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint.

Fennototherwise

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Tolls, Duties, Penalties, ifftreib'^ C^and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed. if not otherwise directed to be levied by this Act, shall be levied by Distress of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and the Persons distraining for such Penalties are hereby authorised and empowered to sell the Goods or Chattels so distrained, and return the overplus Money, if any there be, upon Demand, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattles, after such Tolls, Duties, Penalties or Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be deduded and paid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall jppcai lo the Quarter think him or themselves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceedings of the said Trustees or Justices, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to appeal Jto the Justices, the Peace for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, in their General Quarter sessions assembled, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whole Order therein shall he final and conclusive.

l'ur.itimon of Actions.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or any of them, every such Action or Suit fiiail be laid or brought within one Month after the pad done.

Persons hindering the roesiuring of Wheels forfeit j i. Sterling.

pi ft refs r. ay b: sold.

Persons aggrieved may

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. 345

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River 'thames, and to prevent putting of Rubbish, Ashes, Dirt, or Soil into the Paid River, and in the Streets, Passages, and Kennels in London, and in the Suburbs thereof in Middlesex, and in Westminster, and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as is in Middlesex; and for allowing a certain Quantity of Dung, Compost,

Earth, or Soil, to be yearly shipped as Ballad from the Laystalls in London on Board any Collier or Coasting Vessel.

WHEREAS an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, Act 6 Geo. a. e. i.

An Act for the better Regulation of la/lage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from the first lay of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for five 1 Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, was further continued for l'e 4 ven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessioii of Parliament; and by an Act iz Geo. 2. C

made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, was further continued for eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring

And whereas the said Act hath greatly tended to the preventing the Frauds and Abuses thentofore committed by the ballast men employed under the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House at Deptford Stroud in the County of Kent, and also to the Preservation of the Navigation of the said River Thames, and the promoting and encouraging the Trade of this Kingdom, and for the Maintenance and Relief of decayed Seamen, their Wives, Widows, and Orphans; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Clauses, and Pro The recited Act further visions therein contained, other than such as are herein after altered or amended, hall be and conti continued, except where nue, and the same is and are hereby continued, in Force, from the Expiration thereof, until the altered by this atto twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of 24 June i77°* the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And, for the explaining and rendering more effectual the said first recited Act, and a see r 4 taining the Quantities of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, which may be shipped or transported as Ballast; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty 300 Tonnes fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, any Master, Owner or Owners of allied t0eb"yearly J any Ship or Vessel, may ship, transport and carry, in his or their Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, as niifpetj as Ballast, from Ballast, from London, or any Part of the River Thames, any Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, or any any Part of the ltiver Chalk Rubbish, Sope Ashes, Soap Waste, Flints, Tobacco pipe Clay, or other Clay, or any other Thamesj Goods or Commodities claimed to be furnished as Ballast by the said Corporation of Trinity House (subject nevertheless to the Payment of the Rates and Duties, and under the Provisoes and Reflections, herein after mentioned and contained concerning the same) so that the whole Quantity toge

Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, which shall be allowed to be shipped and transported for Ballast as aforesaid, under the Authority of this Act, for the Use of Coasters and Colliers, or on any other Account or Pretence whatsoever, doth not exceed in any one Year, to commence and be computed from the first Day of June inclusive in every Year, the Quantity of three thousand Tonnes, over and beftdes the Quantity of two thousand Tonnes of Dung, Compost, Earth, or Soil, herein af over and besides 1000 ter specified and allowed to be shipped or put on Board any Coasting Ships or Vessels in the said Ri Tonnes from the Layftaih ver Thames, by the Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers of the Laystalls of the City of London in London i for the Time being, on the Condition herein after mentioned; and so also that the whole Quantity and of Chalk, and Chalk of Chalk and Chalk Rubbish which shall be shipped and transported as Ballast, for the Use of Coaf Rubbish p Tonnes ters and Colliers in the said River Thames, doth not exceed the Quantity of three thousand Tops in any one Year, to commence and be computed as aforesaid; so likewise that the whole Quantity and so Allies, cof Sope Ashes, and of all other Sorts of Commodities as aforesaid, claimed to be furnished as ballast2000 r°ns* as aforesaid by the said Corporation, and licensed by the Authority of this Act to be shipped and transported as Ballast as aforesaid, for the Use of Coasters and Colliers in the said River, doth not exceed the Quantity of two thousand Tonnes in any one Year, to commence and be computed as aforesaid.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the Master, Entry to be mad of all Owner or Owners, of any Ship or Vessel, shall permit any of the said Commodities or Things, Commodities ft>pped tv? claimed to be furnished as Ballast by the said Corporation, to be shipped or put on board any such a

Ship or Vessel, every such Master, Owner or Owners, shall make a due Entry at the Ballast Office of the Trinity House in London, or with the Officer of the said Trinity House at Gravesend (unless any f

of the said Commodities or Things shall be shipped or put on board any Ship or Veiled as aforesaid, in the last seven Days of the Month of May in any Year and then every Entry thereof shall be made at the Office of the Trinity House in London, and not in any other Place) of all Commodities and Things as aforesaid, which shall be shipped or put on board any such ship.or Vessd as Ballast, and Vol. VIII*y y of

34-6

C 16. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

on Penalty of 51.

with like Penalty for making a fraudulent Entry.

Sticks, Tyles or Lime, e. may be fh pped as Ballast, duty free.

and 1 a. per Tonne paid for of the Name of every such Ship or vessel, and of the Mailer or Commander thereof; and also at the a Licence to the Trinity Time of the making of every such respective Entry, shall pay to the said Corporation for such li 0u'c' cence or Authority one Penny for every Tonne of the Paid Commodities and Things so to be entered

as r. fore fa id.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mailer, Owner or Owners, or Officer of any Ship or Veiled, shall ship or put on board, or suffer to be shipped or put on board any such Ship or Veiled, any of the Commodities or Things herein before mentioned, specified and enumerated, before every such Entry and Payment as aforesaid in respeift thereof shall be made; or shall ship or take on board any such Ship or Veiled any greater Quantity thereof than what shall be so entered and paid for as aforesaid; and in every such Case, every Person who shall lo offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in Manner herein after provided or directed, hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five pounds.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby likewise enacted, That from and after thefuid twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, it shall be lawful for any Mailer or Owner of any Ship or Veiled, from Time to Time, to ship, transport and carry, in any such Ship or vessel, as Ballast: from London, or any other Part of the River Thames, any Quantity of Bricks, Tyles or Lime, or any other merchandizcable Commodities and Things (other 'than and except such of the said Commodities and Things as are herein before enumerated and specified, and allowed to be taken or carried as Ballast) without paying anything to the said Corporation for the same.

VI. And whereas it is necessary that the Lighters, Barges or Vessels, in which any Dung, Com ' poll, Earth or Soil shall be loaded, in order to be put on board any Ships or Vessels, for the use of Coasters or Colliers in the said River Thames, should be weighed, marked and numbered: 'Be Lighters and Vessels em it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of ployed in the baliaft.ige June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Lighter, Barge or vessel whatsoever, shall be used or employed by any Person or Persons, for carrying any Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, on board any Ship or Veiled whatsoever, in the said River Thames, for the Use of Coasters or Colliers there, until every such Lighter, Barge or vessel, shall have been first weighed, marked and numbered, by the said Corporation of the Trinity House, and at their Coils, or by some Agent or Officer who shall be appointed for that Purposeby them; and the said Corporation, their Agent or Officer, is and are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, at seasonable Times in the Daytime, as they shall see Occasion, to weigh every such Lighter, Barge or vessel, which shall be employed in the said River Thames, for the carrying any Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, on board any Coaster or Collier in the said River; and also to affix a Gauge Marie, by painting the same or otherr wife, in some conspicuous Place or Places, at the Stem, and Stern of every such Lighter, Barge or vessel as aforesaid, higher than the same shall fink into the Water when loaded, denoting the exact Tonage; and also the Number of every such Lighter, Barge or vessel, in a legible Manner, and in large White Capital Letters and Figures: And if any one shall offend in the Premises, or shall remove, alter, deface or counterfeit any Gauge Mark of any such Lighter, Barge or vessel as aforesaid, or the Number thereof, which shall be set, 'painted or affixed, by the said Corporation, their Agent or Officer, on any such Lighter, Barge or vessel; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in the Manner herein after directed, shall, for every, such offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Corporation may be re Dinll have Reason at any Time to suspect that the Gauge Mark of any such Lighter, Barge or vef v, tic fed, hath been removed, altered or changed; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said

Corporation, their Agent or Officer, at all Times hereafter, at seasonable Times in the daytime, and at the Coils of the said Corporation, to reweigh any such Lighter, Barge or vessel (so as that no more than one such Lighter, Barge or vessel, shall be reweighed in any Week); and in case upon the reweighing of any such Lighter, Barge or Veiled, the same shall be found to be of greater Tonage than by the Mark thereof such Lighter, Barge or vessel, shall be signified or denoted, and

to be weighed, marked and numbered by the Officers of ihc Trinity House;

Penalty of removing, defacing or counterfeiting, £. c. the Marks, 5l.

On Suspicion of Fraud,

and the Owner to forfeit ought to be, then £ 1. on convi{\ion of the shall be f0 founcj g oficj.ce,

vrftcis tn unload their Ballad on runic Wharf or Ground, above High Water M i'. k;

cr into Lighters of the tr.fe.ry Huufc.

the Person or Person or Persons to whom such Lighter, Barge or vessel, which to be of greater Tonage titan aforesaid shall belong, shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted in Manner by this Act prescribed, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And whereas it frequently happens that Ships and Vessels which come within the Port of London, bring in them large Quantities of Ballast, which, for Convenience of the Mailers or Ow

of such Ships or veitejs, and to favc Expense, are frequently unloaded and thrown into the said River Thames, to the great Prejudice and Obstruction of the Navigation thereof: Now, for preventing such Annoyances for the future; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Veiled, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fitty nine, shall come into the said River with any Ballast therein, no Part of any such Ballast shall be unloaded, put or thrown, from or out of any such Ship or Veiled, into the said River, but all inch Ballast shall be laid or put at the Expense of the Owner or Owners, or Master of every such respective Ship or Veiled, on some common Wharl or Quay near to the said River, or on some Ground or Place above High Water Mark; or otherwise shall be unloaded from every such respective Ship or Veiled, at the Coils of the Owner or Owners, Master or Commander of every such laid Ship or vessel, into one or more Lighter or Lighters belonging, or which shall belong, to the said Corporation, which the said Corporation are hereby required to furnifih and send, on any Demand for the same being made, or left in Writing at the said Ballast Office, by or on the Behalf of

every

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. i 6. - 347

every such Owner or Owners, or Matter of any such Ship or Vessel; and in case the said Corpora Trinity Hcuic to fumifli tion, on any such Application or Demand as aforesaid, shall refuse, or shall neglect to furnish and send 6^cfjd ns }'> a fufneient Lighter or Lighters to take any Ballast from any such Ship or vessel, according to the true n ' J ' Meaning of this Act, within the Space of three Days after any such Application or Demand shall be made to them for that Purpose; then, and in every such Case, the said Corporation shall forfeit and pay, for every such Refusal or Neglect, the Sum of fifty Pounds; unless such Refusal or Neglect shall be occasioned by frotty or tempestuous Weather, preventing such Lighter or Lighters from being navigated to take away the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, and no more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be applied to Application of thelk -- the use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the other nalt/«

Moiety to the Person who shall sue for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners, Matter Corporation to be paid or Commander of every Ship or Vessel, out of which any Ballast shall be taken by any Lighter or li rer tn for Ballad Vessel belonging to the said Corporation, shall pay to the said Corporation the Sum of six Pence per ^nj°acted lnt0 the; r Tonne, for every Tonne of Ballatt which shall be received by the said Corporation out of any such Snip, oluer"

or Vessel, within the Space of twenty-four Hours after any such Ballast shall be carried away from or out of any such Ship or Vessel, by the ballast men, Servants or Agents of the said Corporation; which Money, when received, shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the Poor of the said Corporation; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, the same may be recovered for the Use aforesaid, by Action of Debt to be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the said Corporation, against any such Owner or Owners, Matter or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the said twenty-fourth Penalty of unloading Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, any Ballast, of any Kind or Denomination Ballast otherwise than la whatsoever, shall be unloaded, put or thrown out of any Ship or Vessel, into the River Thames, or dire^d by this Act, 5u be unloaded, laid or put on any Shore, Ground or Place, below the High Water Mark in the said

River, then, and in any such Case, the Matter or Commander of every such respective Ship or vessel from or out of which any such Ballast shall be so unloaded, or put on any such Shore, Ground or Place as aforesaid, on being thereof convicted in the Manner by this Act prescribed, hall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hall, and of unloading or -

at any Time or Times after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and throwing Rubbifti, c, fifty-nine, unload, put or throw, into the said River Thames, any Rubbish, Earth, Ashes, Dirt or y'hte^&chinto°the Soil, from any Wharf, Quay or Bank, adjoining or near to the said River Thames, or from or out River, 40s.

of any Barge or Lighter; any Person so often ding, and who shall be thereof convicted in Manner by this Act prescribed, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings.

XII. And, to the Intent that no greater Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, may be delivered or put on board any Coaster or Collier, as or for Ballast, than is allowed of by this Act,

and that if any greater Quantity thereof than what is so allowed of shall be put on board any

Coaster or Coasters, Discovery may be made thereof; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and Dung, Compost, Earth

fifty-nine, no Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, shall be delivered into or put on board any such or Soil fr Ballast, to be

Coaster or.collier immediately from any Laystall, Wharf, Quay or other Place on Shore, adjoining

or near to the said River Thames; and that all Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, which, after the lighter^and from thence

said twenty-fourth Day o June shall, in pursuance of this Act, be delivered or put on board any delivered on board the

such Coaster or Collier as or for Ballast, shall be taken from the Laystall, Wharf, Quay or other Coaster or Collier.

Place on Shore, whereon the same shall lie, and therefrom shall be carried to every such Coaster or

Collier, in and by some Lighter, Barge or Vessel, which shall be weighed, marked and numbered,

as by this Act is directed, and shall be delivered or put on board such Coaster or Collier from such

numbered and marked Lighter, Barge or Vessel only, and not in any other Manner: And if any n Penalty of 5l.

Person or Persons shall offend in the Premises, he or they, on being thereof convicted as by this Act

is directed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; one Moiety Application thereat.

to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said

Corporation of the Trinity Hsufe, for the Use of the Poor of the said Corporation.

XIII. And whereas great Quantities of Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Ashes, Dirt, Filth and Soil,

are frequfcnly put or thrown into the Streets, Lanes and Common Passages, of the City of Lon don, and the Liberties thereof, and of the Suburbs of the said City in the County of Middlesex;

and also in the Streets, Lanes and Common Passages of the City of Westminster, and the Liber ties thereof; and in such Part of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, as lies in the said County of Middlesex; and Scavengers or Rakers whose Duty if is to cleanse such Streets, Lanes and Common Passages, their Servants or Labourers, and also other Persons, do frequently sweep or put Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Ashes, Dirt, Filth and Soil, into the Kennels or Channels in the said Streets, Lanes and Common Passages, and by Means thereof, such Rubbifti, Earth, Sand, Ashes,

Dirt, Filth or Soil, or Part thereof, are frequently carried or forced down into the said River of Thames, to the manifest Prejudice of the said River, and the navigation thereof, as well as to the Annoyance of the Docks and Wharves contiguous to the said riverfor Remedy whereof, be it

Penalty of laying rubbish, ashes or Soil, c. in ny of the Streets or Common Ways in Lon

or of sweeping or throwing any Rubbish &c.

into any of the Kennelr.

But none are liable to forfeit for sweeping before their Houses iirnne1 dia ely after Snow, Thaw or Rain.

34.8 C 16. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day o{june one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Person or Persons shall lay, throw or put any rub^imon wa s in lo.i bish, Earth, Sand, Ashes, Dirt, Filth or Soil, in any Street, Lane, Court, Common Way or Paf

ion' westmbfte^or the iage, wirhin the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs thereof in the said

Suburbs thereof, 'County of Middlesex; or in any Street, Lane, Court, Common Way or Passage, in the said City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof; or in such Part of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, as lies in the County of Middlesex; other than such as is or are allowed by Law to be laid or heaped up to drain, ready for the respective Scavengers or Rakers, within their several Precincts, to carry away; or sweep, throw, carry or otherwise put, any Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Ashes, Dirt, Filth or Soil, into any Kennel or Channel, in the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof; or in the Suburbs of the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof; or in the said City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof; or in such Part of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, as lies in the said County of Middlesex; other than such as shall be swept away by the respective Inhabitants before their respective Habitations: And if any one shall offend in the Premisses, and shall be thereof convicted in the Manner by this act directed, he, she or they so offending shall, for every such Offence. forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing before in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Inhabitant within the Limits herein before mentioned, or his or her Servant, from sweeping immediately after Snow, Thaw or Rain, into any Kennel or Channel within the Limits aforesaid, any Ice, Snow, Dirt or Soil, which by Means of any such Snow, Thaw or Rain, shall be before his or her House or Tenement (other than and except Rubbish which shall be cast out, thrown or put, in any such Street, Lane or Passage, within the Limits aforesaid, from repaired or decayed Buildings or otherwise) or to inflict any Penalty on any such Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, in respect of his or her so doing.

Lessees and Occupiers of

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Layftaiis to inspect the Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, of the Laystalls of the said City of Streets and Common London, and he and they is and are hereby required, either in Person, or by some proper Servant to ^atioitof offenders1in deputed by him or them, and at his or their Charges, to go about and inspect the several Streets, thepiemiffes; Courts, Lanes and Common passages, in the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, every

Day in the Year (Sundays excepted) and to give Information from Time to Time to the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or some Alderman of the said City, of every Person or Persons he or they shall at any Time discover or detedl offending in the Premisses, in the said City of London

or the Liberties thereof, contrary to the Intent of this Act, so that every Person and Persons so offending in London, or the Liberties thereof, may be proceeded against, as by this Act is directed, for every such Offence.

XVI. And in case such Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, or his or their Servant, shall duly, from Time to Time, make and perform the Inspection hereby directed to be made in London, ' and the Liberties thereof, according to the Intent of this Act, and give Information against the Persons found offending in the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, to the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or some Alderman of the said City Be it further enacted by the and on performing their Authority aforesaid, That such Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Laystalls for Duty therein, they are the Time being, shall and may, between the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and allowed to Ship annually fifty-nine, and the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, ship or cause to be ship as Ballad from any lay pc(j yrom any Laystall of the said City of London, as and for Ballaff, but on no other Account or a sm on on, aoco pretence whatsoever, on board of an'y Collier, or Coasting Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, in the said River, any Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, not exceeding two thousand 'Pons in the whole; and atfo shall and may after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, yearly in every Year then following, ship or cause to be shipped, from any Laystall or Laystalls of the said City of London, as and for Ballast, but on no other Account or Pretence whatsoever, on board any Collier or Coasting Ship, vessel or Vessels, any Quantity of Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, not exceeding two thousand 'Ions.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That such said Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Laystalls, or the Inspector or Inspectors who shall be employed by or under him or them, shall do his or their Duty in the Premises, directed and intended by this Act, and shall yearly, after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, before the shipping of any Part of the said additional two thousand 'I ons of Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, obtain a Testimonial or Certificate thereof, under the Hand of the Major of the said City of London for the Time being, and shall deliver such Certificate or Testimonial at the Ballast Office of the said Master, Wardens and afir stants of the said Trinity House, before the said first Day of June in every such Year, after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty; which said additional two thousand 'Pons of Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, shall be besides and exclusive of the said three thousand Tonnes allowed by the said herein before recited Act made in the said sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to be yearly slipped and transported as Ballast; but such said two thousand additional 'Pons of Dung, Compost, Earth or Soil, by this Act allowed to be yearly shipped and transported as aforesaid, are to be, and shall be, subject and liable to the like Penalties, Payments, Orders, Restrictions and Regulations, as in and by the said first herein before recited Act are enacted and declared, concerning Dung or Compost thereby allowed to be shipped or transported as or for Ballast, other than such thereof as are altered or varied by this present Act.

Tens of Dung, chut

before shipping thereof, they are 10 obtain a Certificate (rom the Mayor, and d liver the same at the Ballast Office;

the said Quantity to be tx lufive or the 3000 Tens allowed by b Geo. 2.

but subject to like Regulations, ca.

D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 16. 349

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice or Justices of the Justices not bcinj Mem.

Peace, of the County, City, Division, or Place, in which any Offence as aforesaid for unloading, bers of tl, e trinity putting, or throwing any Ballast from or out of any Ship or Vessel into the said River Thames, or may convnft Ot

Jor putting, unloading, or throwing into the said River Thames any Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Ashes, vfcw and Knowledge j Filth, Dirt or Soil, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank, adjoining to or near the said River, or from

or out of any Barge or Lighter, or for putting or throwing any Rubbish, Earth, Sand, Ashes,

Filth, Dirt or Soil, in any Street, Lane or Passage, in the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or in the said Suburbs of the said City in the said County of Middlesex, or in the said City of Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or in such Part of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster as lies in the said County of Middlesex, except as herein before is excepted, or sweeping, putting, or throwing the same into any Kennel or Channel in the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs of the said City in the said County of Middlesex, or in the City of ll efminster, or the Liberties thereof, or in such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as lies in the said County of Middlesex, except as herein before is excepted, by Means whereof the same shall or may be carried or forced down any such Kennel or Channel into the said River Thaisies, shall be committed, or wherein any such Offender or Offenders shall be found, such Justice or Justices (not being a Member of the said Corporation of the said Trinity House) is and are hereby authorised and required to convict any such Offender or Offenders on the proper Knowledge or View of any such Justice or Justices; and every such Justice and Justices is and are hereby also authorised and required and hear all Offences pu to hear all the Offences punishable by this Act by any pecuniary Penalties, other than such as are ni(fl able by pecuniary \ c herein before directed to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of afe^reaed^fce^rec'o his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and upon an Information exhibited, or Complaint vered in Courts of Remade in that Behalf, so that every such Information or Complaint be exhibited upon Oath before cord) and upon com such Justice or Justices, within seven Days after any such Offence shall be committed (which Oath ?'aint r Information, such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to administer) every such Justice or ^ndin^offeadets* Justices is and are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, to ifl ue a Warrant or P '

Warrants for the immediate apprehending of the Party or Parties accused, and bringing him, her or them, before any Justice or Justices, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, to answer the Matters of Complaint to be contained in such Warrant or Warrants; and which Warrant or war which may be executed rants the Person and Persons to whom the same shall be directed is and are hereby authorised and im as well upon the River powered to execute upon the said River Thames, or on any Shore adjoining thereto; and for that as on Shore

Purpose they, and every of them, is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required, at all imes in the daytime, to go on Board any Ship, Vessel, Boat or Craft in the said River, for apprehending any such Offender or Offenders who shall be named in any such Warrant or Warrants:

And on any such Offender or Offenders being apprehended, he, she or they shall, with all conve Offender when taken, to nient Speed, be carried before some Justice or Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Pre be immediately carried misses; and every such Justice and Justices, within his and their respective Jurisdiction, is and are here before some jujfce> by authorised and required to summon Witnesses within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices^anltex" as shall be desired on either Side, and on their Appearance, to examine them on Oath (and which mine them on Oath, c. Oath any such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) touching the Premises, and thereupon to hear and determine same, and to give such Judgement in the pre misses as shall be just, and according to the Meaning of this Act: And in case the Party or Parties Penalty on Conviction, accused shall be convicted, upon the proper Knowledge or View of the Justice or Justices, of any may be levied by Di offence cognizable by this Act, or upon or by the Oath of any credible Witness, or by his, her, stre(* and Sale or their own Confection, and the Penalty thereby incurred or forfeited shall not immediately be paid on such Conviction, the same shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale, in the like Manner as any of the Penalties incurred and forfeited by the first recited Act are thereby directed to be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found whereon the and for want of sufficient same may be recovered and levied, then such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his Hand D, stre(j' the Party be and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit the Person or Persons who shall be so convicted to the comm'tted*

House of Correction of the County, City or Place where any such Offender shall be apprehended, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month, or until Payment shall, before that Time, be made, of the pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures, or Composition shall be made and accepted for the same.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That any Inhabitant of the Inhabitants deemed com Parish or Place in which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, shall notwithstanding Pecent Witnesses. such Inhabitancy be a good and competent Witness.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be so Where Witnesses refuse fumtnoned as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices, shall refuse 01 ^dupon neglect to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, and no just Cause shall be offered for urrurionc

such Neglect or Refusal; (after Proof on Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned) every such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised Warrants ate to be issued and required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to out asa, nft them; bring every such Witness or Witnesses before any Justice or Justices: if any such Witness or anj where they refuse to Witnesses, on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Justice or Justices, shall f0v\cf'comrnh ted^' refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without offering some just Excuse for such 0 L ° " '

Refusal, any such Justice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their respective Jurisdiction, may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so 3 refusing

n*/\

Penalty of Witness not appearing to the Summons, or refuting to g e Evidence, 40 s.

to be recovered by di lirel and Sale,

and pa: d over for the Use of the Poor of the Parish; Oath is to be made of Nonpayment of the Penalty, and want of Distress, before Warrant of Commitment be issued,

ju(bices may back Warrants of Apprehension or Distress, where the Offender or Goods that! be out of the Jurisdidbnn cr the perl on first granting the same;

and may hear and determine the Complaint, or remit the Offender to the Justice who granted the original Warrant.

C 16. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

refuting to be examined to the House of Correction of the County, City or Place where any such Person shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than one Week, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be summoned to appear and give Evidence before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, concerning any Offence cogni t zable before him or them by this act, and shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Summons, or appearing shall refuse to give Evidence, without offering some just Cause, to be allowed of by such justice or Justices, in Excuse for such Neglect: or Refusal, shall on being convicted thereof by such Justice or Justices forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party convicted of any such Neglect or Refusal, in like Manner as any other pecuniary Penalty incurred under this Act is hereby directed to be recovered and levied; and that all Money so forfeited shall, when recovered, he paid and applied for the Use of the Poor of the Paritii or Place in which any such Neglect or Refusal shall be made; but that no Warrant shall be signed by a Justice or Justices of the Peace for committing to any House of Correction any Person who shall be convicted of such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, until it shall have been proved by Oath, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the money. forfeited by such Neglect or Refusal hath not been paid; and likewise that no sufficient Distfefs can be found, within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices whereon the Money so forfeited may be recovered and levied.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person, against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices before or after Conviction as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into, retide, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of such Person granting such Warrant or Warrant's as aforesaid; if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, than where the said Party was convicted, or Warrant of Distress granted; it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, into which such Person shall escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such Conviction; they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of any Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to endorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant; and the same when so endorsed, shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person or Persons granting the said Warrant: And any justice or Justices respectively, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint in the same Manner as if it had originally arose within his or their respective Jurisdictions, or may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justice or Justices who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such coq viction to be drawn up in the Form or to the efrcdt following

form of Conviction".

To wit,

C TE it remembered, That on the Day of in the

) C O Year of his present Majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before

C of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of or for the City oi

6 (as the Case shall happen to be) for and do adjudge

him, her or them (as the Case shall be) to pay and forfeit for the same the Sum of

Given under

the Day and Year aforesaid.'

No Certiorari iflua oie to

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certiorari, or other wri remove the Convitfion or process) for Removal of any such Conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of his Ma

none°to he' prot"tca jesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or granted; and that no Person who shall

second Time for the same be prosecuted under this Act for any Offence committed against the same, and who shall be there

offence. upon convicted, shall be prosecuted or convicted for any such Offence by or under any other Law

whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties anc Forfeitures which shall incur and become payable under or by virtue of this Act (the Applicatioi whereof is not herein before directed) shall, when recovered, go and be applied in Manner following; that is to say, Where any Person or Persons shall be convicted under the Authority of thi Acton the View of any Justice or Justices, then the whole Money forfeited shall go to the Poo of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; and where any Person or Person shall be convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, 01; his, her, or they own Confession, for any Offence against this Act not done on the River Thames, one Moiety of th Penalty so forfeited shall go to the Poor of the Parish or Place where any such Offence shall be coin nutted, and the other Moiety thereof to or for the Use of the Person or Persons on whole Infor nation any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted; where any Party or Parties shall b convicted for any Offence committed against this Acton the said River Thames, then one Moic, t

Application of the Penalties, not otherwise fireeled how to be ap -- 'icj.

Si

of the Penalty forfeited shall go to, and be applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation of Trinity House, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons on whose Information any Person shall be convicted for any Offence committed against this Acton the said River Thames.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby also enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Justices may mitigate the any Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall convict any Offender or Offenders against this Act, 1jenalll: sj

from time to time, as he or they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any of the Forfeitures or Penalties incurred by any such Conviction, as any such Justice or Justices in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation doth not extend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalty so as not to remit above forfeited by any such Conviction; and on the Payment by the Person or Persons who shall have one moie y thweof. been so convicted of the Sum to which any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be lo lessened or mitigated, the Person or Persons who shall have been so convicted, shall be acquitted and discharged of,

Irom and against the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by any such Conviction.

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons aggrieved, &c. find himself or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied, in the Judgement or Determination of appeal r t!'uge.ie any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons shall or may, by virtue of this Act, ra or (^a'lcr' <ml0ns' complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or General Quarter sessions of the Peace which shall he held for the County, City or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal; and which Determination shall be final, and shall not the Determination thers be removable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any other Court; and in case of Conviction, to issue cols

a Warrant for levying or compelling, by the Means by this Act prescribed, the Payment of the Pe awarded, S to be levied nalties and Forfeitures hereby..incurred, and the reasonable Charges on any such Appeal, if such by Distress;

Charges at. any such Sessions shall be awarded; and in case of Nonpayment, to commit the Offender and for want of Distress, or Offenders, on whose Goods no sufficient jdiitrefs can be made, to the House of Correction of Offender to be co "a" the County, City or Place where any such Offender shall be apprehended, there to remain without nuttt; '1.

Bail or Mainprize, and be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding pne Month, or until Payment shall before that Time be made, of the pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and the reasonable Charges of every such Appeal, if the same at any such General or General quarter session of the Peace, shall be ordered to be paid, or Composition shall be made and accepted for such Penalty or Forfeiture and Charges.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses, Powers, Commencement and Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions and Matters herein before contained, shall continue in Force and Continuance of this Act, be executed from and after the respective Commencements thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next sef lion of Parliament.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Suit or Action shall he brought Limitation of Aaions, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case, the Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or place where the Cause of Action arises, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi Gentral l!tue, dence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, 'then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if. the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall becomenonfuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, if a Verdict stall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or - if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De.

shall have Treble Costs, and have such Remedy, for the same, as any Defendant or de tf£t!e fendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.,

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this hit shall be deemed and Pvk'ick taken to be a Publibt Act; and all Judges, Justices. other Persons, are, to take Notice thereof.

Cap. XVII

An Act for obviating a Doubt with respebb to the summoning of Persons for Offences committed against, or Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excile.

r

WHEREAS it has been doubted, where the Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Preamble, Peace have respectively issued out any Summons for the Appearance of Pei sorts offending.

against, or for Forfeitures incurred by, the Laws of Excise, or other Laws made for collecting and securing the several other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise

hath been left at the House or usual Place of Residence, or with the Wife, Child, or menial Servant of such Persons, whether the same should be deemed and adjudged a good and sufficient Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice, as if the same had been actually delivered to the proper Hands of such Person or Persons to whom the same was or were directed Now in order to put an End to such Doubt; Be it hereby enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cotn

1 nror.s,

Summons left at the House, or usual Place o Residence of the Parley, deemed legal Notice.

In all Cases relating to the Excise, Summons dir°cled to the Party by his Right or auumed Name, or left at his usual Place of Residence, deemed legal Notice, Exception.

[Preamble.]

A 19 Geo. 2. c. 34.

z€ Geo. 2. c. 32.

further continued to 29 Sept. 1764,

Act 31 Geo. 2. c. 29.

Ftr farmer Lotus concerning Bread refer to 51 I. 3. St. 6. S Ann. t. is.

Distribution of unappropriated Penalties and Forfeitures under the said Act;

viz. One Moiety to the Prosecutor. where the Offender shall be convicted by Oath, or self ronfeflion;

sud the aether Moiety, with the Penalties on Weighing, Trying, or Scizute of Biead, by a Mug ftiale, to fuel) pur pol es as the Magistrate shall think fit.

Concerning Bread see fur tier 3 Geo. 3. c. 6 U 11.

C 18. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every such f Summons, so left as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a good and sufficient Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice, as if the same had been actually delivered to the proper Hands of such persons to whom the same was by Name di rebled.

II. And for the future, it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases relating to the Excise, or to any of the other Duties, which now or hereafter may be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise (except where particular Provisions and Directions are or shall be enabled for summoning Offenders, or for condemning of Seizures made from Persons unknown) the leaving such Summons at the House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or usual Place of Residence of such Per'soil or Persons, directed to such Person or Persons, by his, her or their right or assumed Name or Names, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be as legal and effectual a Notice and Summons, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same was personally given or delivered to or into the Hands of the Party or Parties for whom the same shall be designed, and as if the same was directed to the Party or Parties to and for whom the same shall be designed, by his, her or their proper Name or Names.

CAP. XVIII.

An alto continue so much of an act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws or Customs or Excise, to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures 3 and to appropriate certain Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the due Making of Bread 3 and to regulate the Price and Aliize thereof 3 and to puniffi Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread.

WHEREAS the Law hereafter mentioned, hath by Experience been found useful and be*W neficial, and is near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or dfguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Onflows or Excise; for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Perms therein mentioned; and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; which Act was to continue in Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 3 as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed ordifguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; which, by an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas several of the Penalties or Forfeitures made payable by an Act passed in the thirty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the due. Making of Bread

and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof 3 and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meas Flour or Bread; were not by such said last mentioned Abl appropriated how or to whom the same should,

when paid or recovered, go or be distributed 3' Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Penalties or Forfeitures which, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall incur or become payable by or under the said last mentioned Act, or by reason of anything therein contained (as by the said Act are not particularly disposed of, or appropriated, how or to whom the same should go or be applied) shall, when the same shall be recovered or paid, go, and he distributed, in Manner following 3 that is to say, One Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against, and prosecute to Conviction, any such Offender or Offenders 3 and the other Moiety thereof, and also all Penalties and Forfeitures, which, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall incur, be due, or payable, under the said last mentioned Acton the Weighing, Trying, or Seizure of any Bread, by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall go and be applied for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said last mentioned Act, as any such Magistrate or magi strates, Justice or Justices, within his or their respective Jurisdiction. shall, from time to time, think fit and order.

CAP. XIX.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. i 9.,

353

CAP. XIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some Provisions with Regard to Licences for retailing Wine -, and to preserve the Privileges of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, with respect to Licences for retailing Wine.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirtieth Yejir of his present Majesty's Reign, _ inti

Act 3oceo. 2. C Jji

w tuled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, ' Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for applying from a certain Time the Sums of^money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for raifng the Sum of three millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time r ' 77 r/'of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors; and a Ifo the Time

the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices \ from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no Person whatsoever, unless authorised and enabled, by taking out such Licence as is therein prescribed, subject to the Payment of such Duties as are therein respectively charged thereupon, should sell or utter by retail (that is) by the Pint, Quart, Pottle, or Gal Ion, or by any other greater or lesser retail Measure, or in Bottles, in any less Quantity than should be equal to the Measure of the Cask or Vessel in which the same should have been or might law fully be imported, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds inflicted by the said recited Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on all Persons selling Wine, or other Liquor called or reputed Wine, by Retail, without a ' Licence, in many Infiances is found to be attended with great Inconvenience, and the greatest Cir

cumfiances of Hardship, and scarce ever to be recovered, on account of the largeness thereof; and which said Penalty the Commissioners for Management of the said Duties are not inverted with any Power to mitigatenow thererefore, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for Management of the said Duties, or any two of them, where they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lefi en the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds already incurred, or hereafter to be incurred, by all or any Person or Persons whatsoever, by virtue or in consequence of the said recited Act of the thirtieth "S ear of his present Majesty's Reign, as they in their discre tion, shall think fit; the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery, as in the Prosecution of the same, being always allowed over anj above such Mitigation; anything contained in any former Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas Doubts and Difficulties have arisen on the said recited Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, whether Wine Merchants and other Persons applying for a Num ' her of Wine Licences at one Time for enabling diverse Persons to sell Wine by Retail, were or are entitled to the Benefit of the several Discounts, Drawbacks, and Allowances usually made and allowed to Persons paying for a Number of Stamps at the fametime, amounting to ten Pounds, and upwards: 'Now therefore, for obviating such Doubts and Difficulties for the future; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever paying for any Number of Wine Licences at one and the same Time, or at different Times, shall be entitled to any Discount, Drawback, or Allowance whatsoever, for or on account of such Payment for any Number of Wine Licences whatsoever; but that the said Duty imposed by the said in Part recited Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign on Wine Licences shall be paid by all Persons applying for the same, clear of all Discounts, Drawbacks, and Allowances whatsoever; anything contained in any former Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no person or Persons whatsoever licensed, or to be licensed, by virtue of the said in Part recited Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to retail Wine, shall, by virtue of one Licence, keep more than one Place, House, Shop Vault, Cellar, Warehouse, or other Place, for selling or uttering Wine by Retail; and that every Retailer of Wine shall cause the Word WINE to be written or expressed in legible Characters, either on a Sign hung out, or in some visible Place in or near the Door in the p'ront of his or her House, Shop, Vault, Cellar, Warehouse, or other Place, made use of for the retailing of Wine, to denote that such Retailer is a Dealer in Wine, and subject and liable to take out a Licence Vol. VIII. Zz*for

Recital of a Clause the said Act.

The Commissioniers are empowered to mitigate, at their Discretion, the ioo 1 Penalty in the recited Clause;

but the Costs and Charges of the Information and Prosecution, c. a're to be allowed over ari above such Mitigation.

No Discount or Drawback of the Duty on Wine Licences, to be allowed on taking out any Kumber thereof.

One Licence to serve but one house or Place. Retailers to have the Word VINS., expressed on their Signs or Houses, c.

354 C 20. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

en Penalty of 101.

fiocers.

Privilege; of the two Universities xeferved to

then.

for the Retailing thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall presume to sell or utter Wine by Retail, without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every Person so offending hall, for every such offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner as the Penalty A>sject however to MM inflicted on Perfoivs for selling Wine by Retail without Licence is directed to be recovered; subject ration by the cc^.mif nevertheless to the like Power of Mitigation to be exercised by the commissioners of Stamp Duties, as in this Act is before referred and prescribed with regard to the Penalty for selling Wine Dy Retail without Licence.

IV. Provided always, anil be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this or any former Act of Parliament, relating to Wine licences, shall in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain tailed England, or either of them, or to the Chancellors or Scholars of the same, or their Successors, but that they may use and enjoy such Privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XX*1

An Act for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia; and for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconvtniencies, attending or which may attend the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain Counties, Ridings, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, have made some Progress in establishing the Militia., according to the React.

30 Geo. 2. c. 25. ' gulations and Directions of an Act passed

thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign entitled.

has been made therein.

Lieutenants, and the Deputy Lieutenants, and all others within such Counties, Ridings and Places, are hereby strictly required speedily and diligently to put the said Acts, and this Act, in Execution.

II. And, for removing certain Difficulties, and preventing Inconveniences, attending or which may attend the Execution of the said Acts; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

A General Meeting to be in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, ri hcm for appointing and ding and Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Lieu k m«fiof shse^tenant together with any two or more Deputy Dieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in puty u utenantj! £ C the Absence, of his Majesty's Lieutenant, for the ij)eputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at a General Meeting to be held after reasonable Notice thereof given by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants, to appoint Subdivisions of the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places and the Times and Places for their first?, within the said Subdivisions; and also to change or alter such Subdivisions, or any subdivision or Subdivisions now appointed therein, whenever they shall find it convenient so to do j anything in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Subdivision Meeting, a, sufficient Number of Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, to act, the Clerk, of such Meeting shall, by Notice given in Writing to all the Deputy Lieutenants within such Sub

to ive Kotice ofar.oihpr ^'vl^on> appoint another Meeting to beheld within fourteen Days, at the same Place where such Meeting to be held with Meeting had been before appointed to be held, giving at ieaft five Days Notice thereof.

in 14 Days after. 1

IV. And be it enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, in their several Subdivisions, shall annually cause the /ids of such Persons in the several Parishes, Tythings and Places within the same, as are in the said Act passed in the thirty first Year of his Majesty's Reign described, to be made, and to be returned to them at their Meetings within the respective Subdivisions, on such Days, and at such Places, respectively, as his Majesty's Lieutenant together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence, of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall at a General Meeting appoint; and that in the ordering, making out, and disposing of such Lists, and Copies thereof, and also in all Particulars subsequent to such first Aa, fubicrue'n^thereto. Return so made, so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Method to be observed in and required to be ob returning, amending, and disposing of the said Lists, and Copies thereof, and to the appointing, icrvcdin ihcyear 1758, choosing, summonine, and inrolling the militia Men and their Substitutes, and administering the re t be du«y complied Oath therein directed to betaken, and to the punishing Persons refusing or neglecting to take the 'require 23c Oath, or to Provide Substitutes, and to the Exemption of certain Persons from serving in the 1. Militia, and to the appointing General Meetings, and all Subdivision Meetings after the said first Subdivision Meetings, and is by the said Act required to be observed in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eii; ht; shall be observed and executed, either in the whole, or in Part, as the Case shall require, until alt. the Regulations, Provisions and Directions, therein and herein contained, and which

relate;

Subdivision Meetings may be changed, as ftial be found convenient.

When a sufficient Num ber to act shall not appear at any Subdivision Meeting, the Clerk is

Deputy Lieutenants and Justices are annually to cause the Lists deftrited by Act 31 Geo. 2. to be returned to them in their subdivision Meetings, at the Times and Places appointed ac the General Meeting; ard all other the Regulations, Privisions, and Directions of the said

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 2 r; 355

relate to the Purposes aforesaid, be fully completed and performed: And that thereafter the Methodanl thereafter, the Mein the said Act and this Act prescribed for the Performance of all the Particulars here mentioned, and the faili shall be annually observed for and during the Continuance thereof. annually^bfcrved.° C

V. And be it enacted, That each Person liable to serve in the Militia having more than one Place Militia Man hivirir more

of Residence, shall be deemed to be, and shall serve as, a Militia Man within the County, Riding Chan one Place of itefi or Place, where he shall have been first: chosen by Lot. d'nce, to serve where he

was fitfl chosen.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tything magistrates to quarter

men, Headboroughs and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, ty and biilet Sergeants and" things, Villages and other Places, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, and, in their Default Drummers in inns, Li or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near to any such City, Town, Parish, and

Tything, Village or Place, and for no others, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet the '

Sergeants and Drummers serving in the Militia, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, Victualling

houses, and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail;

the Occupiers whereof are hereby required to provide for such Sergeants and Drummers, at such Convenient Lodgings to

Times for which no Provision has by Law been made for that Purpose, convenient Lodgings be found them.

only.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Qualification of Officer Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, shall in the Me of EI.V

be as follows; A Deputy Lieutenant shall be seized or pcffeffed, either in Law or Equity, for his for a Deputy Lieutenant own Use and Benefit, in Possession of a Freehold, of or Customary Estate for Life, or for 200* Per Ann. some greater Estate, or of an Estate for some long perm of Years, determinable on one or more Life or Lives, or of an Estate for a certain Term, originally granted for twenty Years or more, and renewable, over, and above all Rents and Charges payable out of, or in respect of the same, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; a Captain shall be in like Manner seized fr 3 Captain iool. per or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds; or be Heir Ann

Apparent of a Person who shall be, in like Manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid,

of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant or Ensign shall be, in like Manner, for a Lieutenant or En

seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds; or be Heir Ap 5o1* Per Ann

parent of a Person who shall be, in like Manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds:. One half of all which Estates respectively shall be situate a Moiety of all Estates

or arising within the said Isle: And in case any Person shall act as a Deputy Lieutenant, or Officer to be situate or anting

of the Militia, in the said Isle, who shall not be respectively qualified as aforesaid, every such Per within the said isle.

son shall be subject and liable to the same; Penalties and Forfeitures as any Person is subject and lia Penalty ofading where

ble to for acting as a Deputy Lieutenant or Officer of the Militia, within any other Part of the said not qualified.

County of Cambridge, not being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall be and remain in Force, for and Continuance of the Act.

during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, and no longer. See farther 33geo. 2. C

2, 21 & 24. and 2 Geo. 3. c. 20.

CAP. XXL

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from the thirty first: Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

WHEREAS the Sum of ninety thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, upon p; eamble,

Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, from the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight to the twenty-fifth Day ' of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty: And whereas in pursuance of an Address of the House of Commons, his Majesty has advanced, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Sum of one thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds ten Shillings: In order therefore that the said advanced

Sum of one thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds ten Shillings maybe made good and

repaid to his Majesty, and that the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia may be duly

and properly defrayed and satisfied Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same; jthat the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to repay the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, out of the said 1, 332 1. 10 s; advanced Sum of ninety thousand Pounds, repay or cause to be repaid to his Majesty the said Sum of one by his Majesty, in pur thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds ten Sillings; for which said Sum of one thousand (uance ofi>he Address tiree hundred and thirty-two Pounds ten Shillings, such Person or Persons respectively as shall have L e 'oni?non*' deceived the same, or any Part thereof, for the Service of the Militia, shall account with the Recei be accounted ffirto d e ver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or Place, for the Service of the Receivers General of the Militia whereof the said Sum, or any Part thereof, shall have been lo advanced by his Majesty; and land-tax.

C 2r. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

Treasury, upon Certificate that the Number of Officers and private Men required in a Regiment or Battalion, are inro led, Szc. are to: llue Warrants to the Receivers General for Pay of the Militia, Months in Advance,

The Rates of Pay to the Adjutant;

t > non commission Officers, and private Men;

to the Clerk of the Battalion or Regiment; and to the Clerks of the General or Subdivision Meetings

Rates for Clothing.

Warrant to be delivered to the Lieutenant of every County, &c. where the Militia has been already clothed, for Payment of the Rates for the additional Clothing.

that within fourteen Days after that his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or in his Absence, three Deputy Lieutenants, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, that such Proportion of the Number of private Militia Men of any Regiment or Battalion of such County, Riding or Place, has been chosen and enrolled; and that the like Proportion of the Number of the Commission Officers of such Regiment or Battalion have been appointed, and have taken out their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications, as is by Law required, before any Pay, Arms, Accoutrements or Clothing, for the Militia, is allowed to be iftucd, the said of of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, shall issue a Warrant or Order, directed to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or Place, to make the Issues or Payments following, (that is to say) The whole, or where his Majesty has advanced any Part thereof, the remaining Sums required for the several Uses herein after mentioned, (that is to say) For the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant; and at the Rate of one Shilling a Day for each Sergeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and sixpence a Week for each Sergeant Major; and at the Rate of sixpence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of sixpence a Day for each Drum Major; and also at the Rate of one Shilling for each private Man, with the Addition of sixpence to each Corporal, for every Day in whi^h such private Man or Coporal shall be respectively employed in the Militia; and also at the Rate of two Shillings for each Militia Man, for his March on the Monday and Saturday in Whitsun Week, to and from the Place of General Exercise; also at the Rate of five Pence a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Battalion of Militia; and also for half a year's Salary for the Clerk of each Battalion of Militia, belonging to such County, Riding or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates fol -- lowing, (that is to say) To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting: And also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, Riding or Place, where the Militia hath not already been clothed, at the Rate of one Pound six Shillings for each private Man and Drummer, and at the Rate of two Pounds ten Shillings for each Sergeant, with the Addition of one Pound one Shilling, for a second Coat and Hat for each Sergeant.

II. And, for the more complete Clothing of the Militia of such Counties, Ridings and Places,

1 where the Militia has already been clothed; ' Be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, shall ill'ue, and caiile to be delivered to his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, or to such Person or Persons as shall by such his Majesty's Lieutenant be authorised to receive the same, a Warrant or Order directed to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or Place respectively, to pay to the Clerk of every Battalion of Militia already clothed, for the additional Clothing of the Militia for such County, Riding or Place, at the Rate of five Shillings for each private Man and Drummer, and at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for a second Coat and Hat for each Sergeant.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, shall issue a Warrant cr Order, directed to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or

Warrants also to be iflu rd for making the regular Payments and issues,

'rom^'h: Lieutenants or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, for which his Majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Ab

d puty Lieutenants for that Purpose.

The Money to be paid to the Clerks of the Battalions,

and Months Pay in Advance, to be paid within 14 Days after the Brpirarion of every 3 Months.

Clerks Receipts to be a Discharpe to the rccei. fcri ce ctik

fence, any three Deputy Lieutenants, shall have certified to the Purpose aforesaid, and received the Clothing for the Militia of their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, to make the Issues or Payments aforesaid, without any new Certificate made for that Purpose: which said Sums of Money, or so much thereof as hath not been advanced by his Majesty as aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Battalion or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for such County, Riding or Place, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Battalion or Battalions shall have been appointed to conftft; and also within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said first Payment, to make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and also within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said second Payment, to make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and also within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said third Payment, to make a fourth Payment for four Calendar months in Advance; for the Pay and contingent Expenses of the mili tia, and for the Allowances to the Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned: And the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 21. 357

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after the Re cl«k to vay 1 Mon, h's

ceipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid one Calendar month's Pay in Ad to^h*

vance to the Adjutant, and fourteen Days Pay in Advance to the Sergeant Major and Drum Major serjsitmljl.r and Dram of such Battalion respectively; to the Captain or commanding Officer of each Comply be Major, and z Month? in longing to such Battalion, two Months Pay in Advance for his respective Company, and for the Advance to each Captain contingent Expenses thereof; and so from Time to Time, so long as any Money on that Account for ills Company, shall remain in his Hands; which Pay the said Captain or commanding Officer is hereby required

to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this at entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and shall once in every Year give in to the Clerk of the Battalion to which Captain to account such Company hall belong, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of>'«rly*°for this atse, and shall payback to the said Cle; k the Surplus, if any, of the Moneys by him from pay ovtr theba 3* Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands; except the Money by this Act allowed lance;

for contingent Expenses, for the Disposition whereof Provision is herein after made. Money al owed for contingent

Expenses, cx

V. And be it enacted, That the said Money allowed for contingent Expenses, ball once in cepted;

every Year be accounted for by the Captain of each Company respectively, in Manner aforesaid; ch '* alf ° to be*c and the Balance thereof shall be by him paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Battalion to which Balanced b/ap such Company shall belong, to be applied to the general Use of the said Battalion, as the Field Of plied to the general Ui'e

facers and Captains thereof, or the major Part of them, shall at a General Meeting direct. of the Battalion.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Clerk may and shall retain to his own Use, out of the Mo Clerk to retain Money

nics so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein before made for to make good his own his Salary; and shall also pay and discharge such Sums of Money as shall be due and owing for, or t^cloathfn^account on Account of, the Clothing of the said Militia, not exceeding the Rates herein before mentioned, 1 e ccoun '

to such Person or Persons as shall produce an Order from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from the commanding Officer of such Battalion, for that Purpose.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax shall pay Allowance of 51. 5 s to to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, or such Parc thereof as hath not been satisfied be paid to the Clerks of out of the Money advanced by his Majesty as aforesaid, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for, he General Meetings, each Meeting, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieute '

tenant, or from three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and and of il. is. to the shall also pay to each and every the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, or Clerks of the Sutdivision such thereof as have not been satisfied out of the Money advanced by his Majesty as aforesaid, at ^ee jr>gs> A,' eacfx the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; upon his or their producing an Order or Or eeting' tiers from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Battalion of Militia shall give clerk of the Battalion t Security to his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Battalion shall give Security; belong, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty of one half of the Sum required for the whole

year's Charge of the Battalion of Militia to which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall havcjrom Time to Time received, and for duly accounting for the

id to be lodged 1 Receiver Gene

ily perforin the Conditions comprised in, ancco^the conditions the said Bond, shall and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit, in the Name of to be put in Suit by him, h js Majesty, his Heirs and successors; the full Coils and Charges of which Suit shall he paid by the who is to receive full said Battalion Clerk to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall likewise Costs of Suit, and 5l. per be entitled to and receive, to his or their own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum out of all c(>nt. of the Money re such. Moneys as shall be by him or them recovered thereon, and shall account for the Residue thereof covcrc ereon' with the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue; the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him or them nailed.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Battalion of Militia, in every County, Riding Residue to be accounted and Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall between the twenty-fifth Day of March ucrauditor the and the twenty-fifth Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, deliver to the ckrkof thebattalion to Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, to which such render an Account to the Battalion shall belong, a fair Account in Writing of all Moneys by him received and disbursed, for Receiver-general of the the Service of the preceding Year, in pursuance of this A, with proper Vouchers for the same, mo»ie6 received and dif and shall pay back to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax any Surplus of such ^urled»'v, th V, "chers Moneys that shall be then in his Hands; which said Accounts, signed by the said Battalion Clerk 0c/cr tl^lance^respectively, shall be transmitted, by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the said Account to be the Office of the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue. rrar.smitted to the Auditor.

X. And be it enacted, That in case his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, Lieutenant neglecting to within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall neglect to taketuch Security as aforesaid from lodge^iwfame whh the" the Clerk or Clerks of his or their respective Battalion or Battalions of Militia, or to depo Receiver Genera), is made fit the same in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax. for the same, answerable for any Loss

County, of the publick Money.

C 22. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

p ecovery of Penalties, c.

No Frc to be pa ul Tor iitu ng Warrants for Payment of Money.

County, Riding or Place, such his Majesty's Lieutenant shall be answerable to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, lor any Loss of Public Moneys sustained by the Default of such Clerk or Clerks.

XL. Provided always, and b: it enabled, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money, for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable. may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvejhmnsler, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager ot Law or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid, for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money, which shall be iftucd in relation to, or in pursuance of this Act.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for adding certain Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the Joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign j and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for charging the Annuities on single Lives, granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, on the Produce of the Laid Fund.

Preamble, reciting Part CI Ad jo Geo. 2. c. 19.

The Sum of 3, 000, ccol. borrowed by virtue of the recited Act, to be added by Content of the Proprietor!, to the Joint Stock of 3 1. percent, consolidated Annuities t'ansferrable at the Bank; and to be paid out of The Sinking Fund;

And such as shall rot enter their i>i(tent before ao une 1759, to be deemed silencing thereto.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon Neivs Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacs; and upon Licences for retailing ivine 3 and upon Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for applying for a certain Dime, the Sums of Money arifng from the Surplus of the dtxics on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sunt of three millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the fecona Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; and fore nlarging the Time for sling Affidavits of the Execution of Contrasts of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors; and also the Dime for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Centralis of Clerks and Apprentices; several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, have advanced and lent the Sum of three millions upon the Credit of the several Rates, Duties and Sums of Money by the said Act granted, for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; and also of Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer in respect of the same: And whereas it is thought necessary that the said Principal Sum of three millions should be (with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, to be signified within the Time herein after mentioned) added to, and made a Part of, the Joint Stock of three Pounds per Centum transferrable Annuities at the Bank of England; and that the Charges and Expenses in respect thereof should be charged upon, and paid out of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in the same and like Manner as the Annuities aforesaid are paid and payable; and that the several Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer in respect of the aforesaid three millions, should likewise be charged upon, and made payable out of the Produce of the said Sinking Fund; and that the several Rates, Duties and Sums of Money, which by the said Act were made a Fund for Payment of the said three Pounds per Centum Annuities, as also of the several Annuities on single Lives, should be carried to and made a Part of the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundi May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the Principal Sum of three millions borrowed by virtue of the said. before recited Act, carrying an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable at the Bank of England, shall with the Consent of the Proprietors as aforesaid, be added to' and made a Part of the Joint Stock of three Pounds per Centum transferrable Annuities at the Bank of England, consolidated by the Acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall be transferrable at the Bank of England, and the Charges and Expenses in respect thereof shall be charged upon, and paid out of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in the same and like Manner as the Annuities consolidated as aforesaid are paid and payable; anything in the said Act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstandin"

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors who shall not, on or before the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, signify their Difient to such Consolidation as aforesaid, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to afient thereto; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Ani

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 23. 359

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day The Lese Annuities of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the several Annuities on single Lives by the thereupon to be alf" Paid said Act granted, payable at the Exchequer in respect of the aforesaid three millions, shall be e intins

charged upon, and made payable out of the Produce of the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which have arisen Produce of the addi since the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, or that shall or may here tional Stamp Duties, after arise, of the Produce of the several additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers,

the additional Duty on Coals exported, the Surplus on the new Duty on Licences for retailing the Duty on Coals ex wine, and the Surplus on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, which were p°rted> ad Surplus of made a Fund for Payment of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the Bank of England, on three les) aun^ or"tailllr|le millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Spirituous Liquors, Majesty, towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, as also of the granted by Act 30gc0.2. Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer in respect of the same, shall be Life Annuit es there carried to and made a Part of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and the same shall be "p^n, to be made Part or deemed and taken to be Part of the said Sinking Fund, and shall be issued and applied to such Uses app]ied act'o^dingly*.^and Purposes as the several Excesses, Surplusses or Overplus Moneys, composing the said Sinking Fund, are or may be issued and applied] anything in the said before recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandise exported, and reducing other Duties, to the Premium upon Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar,

Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid on the Indentures and Contrasts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and also for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or contrafts of Clerks to Attorneys or Sollicicors, and filing thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found use

full and beneficial, are near expiring May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Clause in an Act made in the Clause in an Act9*

ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An 10 w. 3- c6 re, a: ins

Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties put^r, 'v0bnacc0°* upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported and which Clause was to continue in Force for the °i?er

Term of thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof was, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign and the Proviso in act of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued; and also a Proviso in the last mentioned izanna?, C is. re aft contained, That no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such latins thereto, as had been or should be imported from the East Indies and the Coast of Barbary only; and which said 13 Geo. 1. c. 27. Clause and Proviso, by several subsequent Acts of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma 15 Geo. 2. c. 35.

jesty King George the First, and of the fifteenth and twenty sixth Years of the Reign of his 26 Geo ev —

present Majesty, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and further continued to the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of 24 Juiie 1766.

June one thousand seven hundred and sixty ftx, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the Part of Act 8 Geo. 1. eighth' Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement o ft. 15- relating to the the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes ex" C u, 0, m f T, ported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs continued" to*

and for Importation of all Blurs of the Product of the British Plantations, into this King jjne 1766, domonly; and that the two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit; as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which was to continue in Force for three Years, from tfiff twenty-fifth Day of Alca eh one thousand seven hundred, and twenty-two, and from, thence to the End of the then next Session of

a. Parliament;

360

C 23. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

11 G', i 2 Geo. 2. 8 Geo. 2. 1 5 Gcj. 2 20 gio. 2 26 Geo. 2

C

C 29. C 28. is. r. 35.

45* C 32.

So much of the at 2 Geo. 2. c. 3 3- see. relates to Premium on Malts, Tar, and Pitch, &c. continued to 24 June 1766.

2. C

Parliament; and which by several subsequent acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, and twenty sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the End of the then next session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an act made in the as second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Preservation of his Majesty's n Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Malls, Yaids, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, for the Term of thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent acts made in the thirteenth and twenty-fourth Years of his said majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred ard fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; hall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Qinntry of Tar in each JV. Provided, That no Bounty shall be paid upon any Tar, unless each Barrel shall contain b.iriel entitled to Bounty, thirty_one Gallons and one Half; and that the Officers who survey such Barred, shall not survey the 3gallonss' an same till the Water shall be all drawn oft', and every Barrel filled up with Tar.

Ail 5 Geo. 2. c. 24. V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Act made in the fifth Year of the for encouraging the Reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in Growth of Coffee, con j1)ierica, which was to continue in Force from the twe; ity fifth Day of March one thousand seven tmued to 24 June 17 hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty]

13 Geo.

24 Geo. 2

25 Geo. 2

2s. C 52. C 35.

r 1 Geo. 1. Geo. 2. Geo.

S. nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several

2. e.

2. C

35*

Act 19 Geo. 2. c. 27.

subsequent Acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, and twenty-fifth Years of his said majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth

lorfecunng 1 he Duties on Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable

Foreign ft13dc s31i Cloth crtl nin n _mnrlp Q1 I 1 gl^veu 1 i i fklo IV 1 n rr A r. rn. r .1 i r. I rrr I re oil no. r r. t o mn.ln Coilo

imported, c. continued to 24 June 1766.

6 Geo. 2. C

3'-

Refir to S Ann. c. 9. y Ann. C 21. 6 Geo. I.

e 11. is Geo. 2. c. 22. 20 Geo. 2. c. 45.

Further Time allowed to Sept. 1759, for Payment

of the Duties omittej to be paid on Articles of Indentures, and fur tendering the Gmc to be stamped.

on foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And for the Relief of Persons who through neglect or Inadvertency have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties upon Money given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in rela tion to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, who hath been put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment, and to have the Indenture, or other Writing which contains the Covenants, Articles, Contrails or Agreements, relating to the Ser ' vice of any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several acts of Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have neglected or omitted to inferc and write in Words at Length, in any such Indenture, or other Witing as aforesaid respectively,

the full Sum or Sums of Mpn: y received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid,

agreed, or contracted for, with or in relation to any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid; 'it further enacted, That upon Payment on or before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, of the Rates and Duties neglected or omitted to be paid upon any Money given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, the Indenture or other Writing by which any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, was respectively put out as aforesaid, shall, on the same being tendered at the proper Place in the Stamp Office (where the same ought to have been damped) during the Time of Office Hours, be stamped with the proper Stamp forthwith after every such Payment and Tender of every such respective Indenture or Writing

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo see undo Georgii II. c. 24.; 361

ting shall be there made; and every such Indenture, or other Writing as aforesaid, being To stamped, Indentures, on Paymen*

hall be good and available in Law and Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court what and

soever; and the several Clerks, Apprentices or Servants therein respectively named, shall be capable bjv4nje0&c, C aie co

of following and exercising their respective intended Profession, Trade, Employment or Business, as

fully as if the Rates or Duties so neglected or omitted to have been paid, had been duly paid, and as

if the full Sum or Sums of Money received or agreed to be paid as aforesaid, had been inserted

and wrote in Words at Length in every such Indenture, or other Writing as aforesaid respectively;

and that all and every Person and Persons who hath or have incurred any Penalty by any such die Parties acquitted

Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of, from and against the same; of the Pena, fy'

anything in any former act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: the Commissioners of ^ot, "of this Clause to

his majesty's Stamp Duty are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, after the passing this act, caiette^&

to cause Notice of this Clause to be published in the London Gazette, in such Manner as they hall

think fit.

VIII. And whereas some Persons have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper Offices, of the actual Execution of several Contracts in Writing entered into by them, to serve as Clerks to Attorneys or Solicitors, within the Time in which the same ought to have been done, and many Infants, and others, may thereby incur certain Disabilities" j For preventing whereof, and for relieving such Persons; likewise enacted by the Authority furt*'er Time to aforesaid, That every Person who hath neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affida kingpa nd fihnvaffidavits vits as aforesaid to be made and filed, and who on or before the first Day of September one thousand of the Execution of con seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall cause one or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and after tracts to serve as Clerks wards to be filed, in such Manner as the same ought to have been made and filed, in due Time, to Attorniesf c. shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures,

Incapacities and Disabilities, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any such Neglect or Omission, in not causing such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed, in such Manner as the same ought to have been; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed, on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if made and filed within the respective Times the same ought, by the Laws now in Being for that Purpose, to have been so made and filed.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duty granted by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty on Silver Plate, and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, by permitting the Sale of Gold or Silver Plate in small quanti tities without Licence; and by granting a Duty instead of the Duty now payable upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold or Silver Plate; and also a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver.

J!. 3, 2 H, 6. C 14.' 4 II 7. C 2. is EL C 15. 8 £? IV. 3. C S.

WHEREAS by an act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re Preamble, rtekh.g pealing the Duty granted by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, on Clause in at 31 Geo. Silver Plate made, wrought, touched', assayed, or marked in Great Britain; and for granting a Duty c f on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing all to 2'1

Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; and for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate, it was enacted, That in lieu of the Duty thereby repealed, there should, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of forty Shillings for every Licence to be taken out in Manner therein after mentioned, by each Person trading in, selling or vending Gold or Silver Plate, and by the said act such Licences were directed to be taken out annually; anil it was also thereby further enacted, That all Persons using the Trade of selling or vending Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares composed of Gold or Silver, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver was or should be manufactured, and also all per fens employed to sell any Gold or Silver Plate, or airy such Goods or Wares aforesaid, at any auction or Public Sale, or by Commission, should respectively be deemed Traders in, Sellers or Venders of Gold or Silver Plate, within the Intent and Meaning of the said act, and should take out a Licence for the same: And whereas so much of the said last recited Clause, as directs that every Person trading in, selling or vending Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares composed of Gold or Silver, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver was or should be manufactured, should takeout a Licence for that Purpose, has been found detrimental to the Toy and Cutlery Trades of this Kingdom: And your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, are therefore desirous that all Persons may be permitted to trade in, sell or vend any Goods or Wares in which the Gold or Silver shall not exceed the respective Quantities herein after mentioned, without being obliged to take out a Li vol. VIII A a a 4 cence

1 tt

i) 1

362

C 24.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

trajers in rr Vender? of small Gold and Silver Ware?, exempted from tak ng ou: a Licence for the same 3

but such 33 shall trade in or vend larger Quantities, as a!so Pawnbrokers and Refiners to take out a Licence, for which they are to pay 5 1.

What Quantity of Gold or Silver Wares Anil subject the Traders in or Venders thereof, to take out a Licence.

2.0 1. Penalty for not taking out such Licence,

and renewing the same yearly.

Pawnbrokers and Refine ts, deemed Traders in and Venders of Gold and Si'rcr Wares,

and liable to take a Licence,

and renew the same yu: ly 3

for w)iich 5 1. is to be

cence for that Purpose, and in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty a Duty upon such Li ' eences as are herein after mentioned; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be subject or liable to take out any Licence for or in respect of his, her or their trading in, vending or selling, any Quantity of Gold not exceeding two Penny Weights in anyone separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, or any Quantity of Silver not exceeding Five Penny Weights in any one separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods; but that all Persons may, from time to time, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, trade in, vend or sell any Ware or Piece of Goods, in which the Gold or Silver shall not exceed the respective Quantities aforesaid, without being subject in respect thereof to any Penalty for not having taken out a Licence, or paid the Duty granted by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And in order to make good any Deficiency which may happen in the Produce of the said Duty, by reason of the Exemption aforesaid 3' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, a Dufy of five Pounds for every Licence to be taken out by each Trader in, Vender or Seller of Gold or Silver Plate, or of any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured, who shall trade in, vend or sell any Piece of Plate or Goods, or any Ware in which the Gold or Silver shall he of the respective Weights herein after mentioned, or of any greater Weight, and by all Pawnbrokers trading in, vending or selling Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured, and all Refiners of Gold or Silver.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who now or at any Time or Times hereafter, doth, do or shall trade in, vend or sell any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured, shall presume by him, her or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her or them, for his, her or their Benefit, either publicly or privately, to trade in, vend or sell any Piece of Plate or Goods, or any Ware in which the Quantity of Gold shall be of the Weight of two Ounces or upwards, or in which the Quantity of Silver shall be of the Weight of thirty Ounces or upwards, unless he, fly or they shall have first paid a Duty of five Pounds for a Licence, which shall have been taken out in the Manner required by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and every Person who shall so trade in, vend or sell any such Piece of Plate or Goods, or Ware as aforesaid, shall pay the like Duty of five Pounds for every Licence which shall be taken out in each Year, in pursuance of the said Act, instead and in lieu of the Duty of forty Shillings thereby granted; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person or Persons trading in, vending or selling Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured, shall after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine presume or offer to trade in, vend or sell any such Piece of, Plate or Goods, or any such Ware as aforesaid, without first taking out a Licence, for which the said Duty of five Pounds shall have been paid, and renewing the same Licence, and making the like Payment yearly as aforesaid, he, fly or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers shall presume, by him, her or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her or, them, for his, her or their Benefit, either publicly or privately, to trade in, vend or sell any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured; nor shall any Person or Persons presume, either by him, her or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her or them, for his, her or their Benefit, to use or practice the Trade or Business of a Refiner of Gold or Silver, without first taking out a Licence, in such Manner as Persons using the Trade of selling or vending Gold or Silver i'late are, by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, required to take out Licences; and every such Pawnbroker, and also every such Refiner of Gold or Silver, shall take out a fresh Licence in every Year, in such Manner as Persons using the Trade of selling or vending Gold or Silver Plate are by the said Act required to do: And for the more effectual in forcing the taking out of the said Licences, and reco vciy of the Duty herein after directed to be from time to time paid upon the taking out thereof, every such Pawnbroker and Refiner of Gold or Silver respectively shall be deemed, for the purposes of this Act to use the Trade of selling or vending Gold or Silver Plate; anything in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And every such Pawnbroker as aforesaid, and also every such Refiner of Gold or Silver, shall respectively pay a Duty of five Pounds for every Licence which shall be taken out by each such Pawnbroker or Refiner; and which said Duty of five Pounds shall be paid in each Year at the Times when such Licences are taken out, and to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the Duty of forty Shillings granted by the t said Act is thereby directed to be paid; And if after the said fifth Day of July 011c thousand seven

1 hundred

C 24.

36

6

hundred and fifty-nine any Pawnbroker shall presume or offer to trade in, vend or sell any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured; or if any Person shall presume or offer to use or practice the Trade or Business of a Refiner of Gold or Silver, and such Pawnbroker or Person respectively shall not have first taken out a Licence, for which the said Duty of five Pounds shall have been paid, or shall not have renewed the same Licence, and made such Payment yearly as aforesaid; such Pawnbroker and Person shall respectively, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times, any Person or Persons who shall have taken out a Licence in the Manner prescribed by the said former Act, and have paid, in respect thereof, the said Duty of forty Shillings, shall before the Expiration of such Licence, produce the same, and pay the further Sum of three Pounds to any Person or Persons authorised by virtue of the said former Act, to grant Licences (all which Persons are hereby required to accept such Payment, and to endorse a Memorandum thereof, without Fee or Reward, upon the Licence so produced) every Person paying such additional Sum of three Pounds may, and is hereby empowered, from the Time of the Payment thereof, and during the Continuance of the Remainder of the Term of the said Licence, to trade in, vend or sell any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured; or to use or practice the Trade or Business of a Refiner of Gold or Silver, in such Manner as any other Person who shall have paid the Duty of five Pounds upon the original granting of any Licence is by this Act empowered to do; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on their Trade or Business in one House, Shop or Tenement only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year for the carrying on such Trade or Business: And that no Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or empower any Person or Persons to whom the same may be granted, and who shall sell Gold or Silver Plate in Shops, to trade in, sell or vend such Gold or Silver Plate in any other Shop or Place, except in such Houses or Places thereunto belonging wherein he, she or they shall inhabit and dwell at the Time of granting such Licence, or in Booths or Stalls at Fairs or Markets.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prosecutions for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be heard and determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures recovered, levied and applied, and in case of want of sufficient Distress whereon to levy the same, the Offender shall be imprisoned, in such and the same Manner, and with the same Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, given and appointed in the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament with respect to Prosecutions for, and the recovering, levying and applying of, the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for Offences committed against the said Act, and to the Imprisonment of the Party or Parties offending until satis faction shall be made.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures of twenty Pounds, created and inflicted by the said recited Act, and this present Act, may be mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise; anything in the said recited Actor this present Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall arise by the Duty hereby directed to be paid upon Licences (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, together with the Moneys arising by the Duty on Licences granted by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and shall be applied to such Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner, as the Moneys arising by the Duty granted by the said Act are thereby made applicable, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the last session of Parliament (except such Parts thereof as are varied or altered by this Act) shall continue in full Force and Effect, and the Provisions and Powers therein contained (except as aforesaid) shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall operate and be executed, with respect to this Act, and to ail matters and Things to be done in pursuance thereof, in as full and and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Provisions and Powers were, with such Variations and Alterations, herein specially repeated and re enacted; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

on Penalty of forfeiting oo 1.

Licences taken out under the former Act, upon Payment uf the additio onal Sum of 3 1. to be good for the subsisting Term thereof.

Persons in i'artneifiiip, carrying on Trade or Business in one House onk, C. not liable to take out more than one Licence.

Licence to serve but for one Shop or House, Booths and Stalls at Fairs or Makets excepted.

Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered and applied, as by the Act of 31 Geo. 2. is prescribed.

Mitigation of Penalties,

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer;

and to be applied as the Duties under the former Act are directed.

The recited Act, except where altered by this Act, continued and enforced.

Aaa 2

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II.

A. d.1758.

64.

C 2 C

[Preamble.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy; and for the better Prevention of Piracies and Robberies by Crews of private Ships of War.

1

WHEREAS repeated Complaints have of late been made of diverse outrageous Acts of Piracy

W ard Robbery, committed on board great Numbers of Ships, more particularly by the Crews of small Ships, Vessels or Boats, being or pretending to be English Privateers: And whereas it is of the utmost Importance to the Honour of this Nation, to detest and bring to Justice Per Tonnes who (in Violation of the Laws of Nations in general, and of this Kingdom in particular)

1 5 have been, or shall be guilty of such Piracies and Robberies: And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act 4 AM for the Encouragement cf Seamen, and the on ore speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy,

It is amongst other Things, enacted, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed,

shall, at the Request of any Owner or Owners of any Ship or vessel, giving such Bail and Security as have been usually taken upon granting Commissions or Letters of Mark (except only for the Payment of the Tenths of the Value of Prizes which shall be taken, to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being) cause to be if sued forth, in the usual Manner, one or more Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing and taking, by and with such Ship or vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War or Merchandise, belonging to, or possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven or River: And whereas it is appre hended that most of the Acts of Piracy and Robbery complained of aforesaid, have arisen from the Obligation on the said Lord High Admiral, or the Laid Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Admiral, at such Request as aforesaid, to grant such Commissions to the Commanders of all Ships or Vessels, of what Burden soever, without Distinction; To Remedy which inconveniency. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, so much of the said recited Clause in the abovementioned act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs.

Aamirahy, upon Appli the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord ration and Security given. High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or to grant Commissions to persons fiy fiim or them empowered and appointed, at the Request of any Owner or ov/ners of any nvatters repea C. Ship or Vessel giving such Bail and Security as therein is mentioned, to cause to be issued forth, in the usual Manner, one or more Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or, in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the Purposes in the said recited Clause mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby declared and enacted to be absolutely repealed and made void.

Admiralty to grant Com RAND be ^ur^ier enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of millions, upon Owners, Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great bri s/c giving such Bail and tain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him 01 them Sccuriiy as is herein empowered and appointed, shall from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hun ftfter mentioned. dred an(j fifty_nine, at the Request of any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, giving such Bail

and Security as is herein after mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth one or more Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War or Merchandise, belonging to, or possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies, upon the Prizes to belong fulely Land, or in any Sea, Creek, Haven or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or, ard be divided among apy q0ods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War, and Merchandizes whatsoever, with all their Fur

Clause in Act 29 Geo. 2. c. 34.

For farrr.er Law conferring Seamen refer it?. R. 2. f. I. C 4.

5 El. C 5.

7 & S W. 3. C 21.

8 &9IV 3. c. 23.

9 & 10 W. 3. C 41.

2 Ann, C 6.

4 & 5 Anne. 19.

JO Ann. C 17.

1 Geo. 2. c. 25.

8 Geo. T. C 24.

1 Geo. i. ft, 2. C 9.

1 Geo. 2. c. 14. a Geo. 2. c. 7 & 36.

6 Geo. 2. c. 25.

8 Geo. 2. c. 29.

Ji Geo. 2. c. 30.

13 Geo. 2. f. 3, 4&> j7

14 Geo. 2. c. 38.

j7 Geo. 2. c. 34.

18 Geo. 2. c. 31.

20 Geo. 2. c. 38.

22 Geo. 1. c. 52.

24 Geo. 2. c. 47.

28 Geo. 2. C I 6.

So much of the recited Clause, as directs the

to,

a, 'aniture, Tackle and Apparel, so to be taken, by or with such private Owner or Owners Ship or them; ta£rcc e vst " Vefld, according to such last mentioned Commission or Commissions (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty) shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided hctweui and among, the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons which shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Fnftors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be entitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. 365

selves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or any Admiral, Vice Admiral, Governor or other Person, commissioned by, or claiming under, his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War, and Merchandizes, and the Persons claiming under him or them, shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof reserving only the cu (except as to the Customs and Duties mentioned in the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his f: o^and ue "es2f'ajab, Majesty's Reign); any Custom, Statute, or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding. y 29 e0'2'

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That no such Commission as No Commission to be aforesaid shall be issued forth or granted to any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, unless the |ranted to vefte s, ^Ship or Vessel for which the same shall be granted in Europe, shall be of the Burden of one hundred Burden,1 io ciuns and Tonnes, and carry ten Carriage Guns, being three Pounders, and forty Men at the least; or unless 40 Men;

the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any unless the Admiralty three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall, in hall think fit; the ow their Discretion, think fit to grant the same to any Ship or Vessel of inferior Force or Burden, the ners giving Bail and Southeast owners or Owners of such Ship or Vessel giving such Bail and Security as is herein after mentioned cunty.as?erein 2 ter

n. 00 } mentioned.

and expressed.,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Admiralty may revoke for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord any for.er 01 lulure High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Lomml lons

Times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders in Writing under his or their

Hand or Hands, any Commission or Commissions which hath, have been, or shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who hath, have been or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, either by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or this present Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, That the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall, with of which Notice is to be all convenient Speed, after any and every such Commission shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof gt Owners amjus in Writing to be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners, or Agent or Agents, or Surety or Sure 0rsureties.

ties, or fore one of them of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order of Revocation

And in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be eftec Times limited for Order tual to supersede and annul the said Commission, at the Expiration of twenty Days from and after °>ja^eev°^ation to take. such Notice given as aforesaid or sooner, if Notice shall be actually given in Writing by the Secre ft'it. tary of the Admiralty to the Captain or Commander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall channel ° e in 1 e be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of thirty Days; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be to or north rn Seas the Southward of Cape Finisterre, or in the Mediterranean, at the Expiration of six Weeks; and in, 'case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America or the West Indies, at the Expiration of three Finite, .^, ohn the Me

Months; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the East Indies, at the Expiration of six Months: diterranea'n;

And any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, in North America, the of any such Ship or Vessel, whereof such Commission or Commissions issued or to be issued forth as West indies or East ln aforesaid shall he so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in Council, within thirty Days dies

next after the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall cause Notice thereof to be given maje

1 as aforesaid; the Determination of his Majesty in Council, touching every such Complaint, l0°f such Revocation1

ft*11 be fina] The council's Determi

nation to be final;

VI. Provided always, That in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superseded, such Com and jfthe Order shall be million shall be deemed and taken to have continued in Force; and all Prizes taken by virtue thereof superseded, the commis shall belong to, and be the Property of, such Owners and Captors, in such Manner as the same fionto stand good, would have been in case such Order of Revocation had not been made.

VII. Provided also, That no Person shall be liable to be punished for doing, before he shall have None liable to punish received personal Notice of such Order of Revocation, any Matter or Thing which he might have received ovftich Or" lawfully done under the Authority of such Commission, in case such Order of Revocation had not derofrcvoea^io* - been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the granting or issuing Usual Bail and Security of any Commission in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as have been usual to be taken,

upon the granting or issuing of Commissions for private Ships of War; and that, previous to the the Parties making Oath taking of such Bail and Security, the Persons who propose to be bound, and give such Security, of their Qualification; shall severally make Oath before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or his Surrogate, or other Person or Persons by such Judge or Surrogate lawfully commissioned, that at the Time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more Money than the Sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their just Debts: And moreover, the Marshal of the said and the marshaj satisfy high Court of Admiralty for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so commifti »ng himfdf as to the ontd as aforesaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make diligent Inquiry into, and satisfy suff ciency crcot' himself or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make a Report thereof to the said Judge, or his Surrogate, before any such Commission shall be granted or issued.

IX. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Persons applying for June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, all and every Person and Persons who shall apply Commissions, to; make to the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for pp lcatlodin the Time being, in order to obtain any Commission to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this Act, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein set forth a particular, true, and and set forth a Deftrip

exact tion of the Veiled, &c.

the Particulars thereof to be inserted in the Commission; winch comir.iffion is to be produced to the Colleger or other Officer of the Port,

who is to examine the Ship, and see how far/he agrees, in all Relpefls, with the said description;

if he agrees thereto, or be of a greater Force or Burden, is.ro grant a Certificate whi.hshall be a Clearance: o such vrltel. Penalty of departing without such Clearance.

or with a Force inferior to that specified in the Commission.

comeflor, c. granting a false Certificate,

to forfeit his Office, and iool.

Recovery and Application thereof.

Tonage to be ascertained according to the Rules prclcriled by AXE 8 Anna;

Privateers agreeing for the Ransom of Neutral Ships made Prizes,

and dif* harping them without bringing them into Pert,

de rntd guilty of Piracy; and to fufier Death and Confiscation of Goods, &c.

C 25. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

exabl Description of the Ship or Vessel for which such Commission is requested, specifying the Burden of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on Board the same, to wha Place belonging, and the Name or Names of the principal Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel. and the Number of Men intended to be put on Board the same (all which Particulars shall be inserted in ever Commission to be granted or issued in pursuance of this Act), and that every Commando of a Private Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commission shall be granted or issued in pursuanct of this Act, shall produce such Commission to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher for the Tims being, of his Majesty's Customs, residing at, or belonging to, the Port from whence such Ship o Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, o Searcher; and the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, as soon thereafter, as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspect and examine fuel Ship or Vessel, so as to ascertain the Burden thereof, and the Number of Men, and Number an Nature of the Guns on Board the same: And if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to bi of such Burden, and be manned and armed according to the Tenor of the Description inserted ir such Commission as aforesaid, or be of a greater Burden or Force than shall be mentioned In fuel Commission, then such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, and he or they is and are hereby required immediately, upon the Request of the Commande. of such Ship or Veiled, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing under his or their Hand or Hand gratis, to such Commander; which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance, before fuel private Ship or Veiled shall he permitted to sail from that Port; and if the Commander of any Shij or Vessel for which any commission shall have been granted or illucd in pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of Clearance, before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a Cruise, with a Force inferior to th Force specified in such Commission, or required by this Act; in every such Case, the Oommiflioi for such Ship or Vessel shall from thenceforth he absolutely null and void; and the Commande so offending, being convicted thereof before any Court of Admiralty, shall be imprisoned withou Bail or Mainprize, for such Space as the said Court shall direct, not exceeding one Year for an; one Offence.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector, Customer, o Searcher of his Majesty's Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burden and Force specified in the Commission granted to the Commander or Commanders thereof, or of greater Burden and Force than shall b mentioned in such Commission, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit his said Office, and be for eve after incapable of holding any Office in the Customs, and shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundrei Pounds, to be recovered by any Person or Persons who will luc for the same, by Action of Debl Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which n Essoir, Protection, Wager, of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiet of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Corporation for the Rely and Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such a shall be killed, slain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, for the Use of such Corporation; o where such Forfeitures shall he incurred in any of the out ports in which a Corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the Purposes aforesaid, then the Moiety of such penalt shall be paid to the Trustees for the Use of the Corporation so established.

XI. Provided always, That the Number of Tonnes loto be certified, he ascertained according t the Rules laid down by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Qiiee. Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Basin at Liverpool, ^/" the Security of a Ships trading to or from the said Port of Liverpool.

All. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at any Time or Time after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, any Commander or Commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, duly commissioned by virtue of th said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or this Act, shall agree with the Coni mander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons, of or belonging to any Neutral or other Shi or Ships, Vessel or.vufl cls (except those of his Majesty's declared Enemies, for the Ransom of an such Neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel or or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thercoi or any Part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of an such Agreement or Agreements, actually quit, set at liberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prize: instead of bringing the same into some Port or Ports belonging to his Majesty's Dominions; the then all and every of the Commander and Commanders of such private Shi]) or Ships, or Vessel Vessels of War, who shall agree for any fuel) Ransom (except as aforesaid) and shall quit, set at LI herty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, shall he deemed, adjudged, and ta ken to be guilty of Piracy, Felony, and Robbery; and he, they, and every of them, bein[ dul convicted thereof in the Manner herein before mentioned, shall have and (ufter Such Pains of Dead lol of Lands, Goods and Chattles, as Pirates, Felons and Robbers upon the Seas ought to hav and suffer according to the Laws now in Being.

XIII. Providt

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. 367

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commander of any Privateers may take private Ship of War, upon the Capture of any Neutral Ship or Vessel which by any Law or Treaty Contraband Goods from shall be liable only to the Forfeiture of such Contraband Goods as shall be on Board thereof, to 0i] board Meuttal shlp5» receive such Goods from such Ship or Vessel, in case, the Commander thereof is willing to deliver commander t the same; and the Commander of such private Ship of War may thereupon quit, set at liberty, or the Vessels at Liberty, discharge, such Neutral Ship or Vessel; thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Person or Persons shall purloin or embezzle any such Contraband Goods Penalty of embezzling before Condemnation thereof, every such Person mail be subject to such Pains and Forfeitures as theisms.

are inflicted by Law upon Persons purloining or embezzling Goods out of any captured Ship.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of All Papeu, c. found June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, all Books, Papers, and Writings, found in any on Board Prize Vesselt, Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, hall, without Delay, be brought into the Registry of the Court of re^ft^of th^admi! Admiralty wherein such Ship or Veiled may be proceeded again!, in Order to Condemnation; but raity. ' C

that such only of the said Books, Papers, and Writings shall be made use of and transiated, as shall but such only as shill be be agreed or infilled upon by the Prodors of the several Parties, Captors, or Claimants, or in case thought necessary by the of no Claim, by the Captor or Register, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship doctors to te transtated or vessel, and the Cargo thereof. 1 ml », dc of, fa.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of No Officer of the Court June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Judge, Register, or Deputy Register, Marshal, or of Admiralty,

Deputy marpnal, or any other Officer whatsoever, of or belonging to any Court of Admiralty or Vice

Admiralty in Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or

elsewhere, nor any Person or Persons practising either as Advocate, Proctor, or otherwise, in any such nr Advocate, cof the

Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested, directly or indirectly, as Owner, Part Owner, coiut'bc.an.y w>ys.

Sharer, or Adventurer, in any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War whatsoever, hr inte'c L, n nvateersj

ving any Commission or Commissions as aforesaid: in Case any such Judge, Register, Deputy

Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer, Advocate, or Proctor whatsoever, shall not'

wit (landing this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid > Judge,

Register, Deputy Register, or Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer respectively, shall, for such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon an Information or on Indictment) absolutely forfeit his Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice on Forfeiture of hisem admiralty, of what Kind or Nature soever such Office or Employment may happpen to be, and ployment, and iooi. shall also forfeit and pay to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every such Advocate or Proctor respectively hall for such last mentioned Offence and Advocate, c. to fcc (being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid)) from thenceforth absolutely disqualified, qualified from p.acti and rendered for ever incapable of practising either as an Advocate or Proctor in any of his Majesty's "ns ln thefa: d Courts. Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty wheresoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Refers and Mahals June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Register or Deputy Register, nor any Marshal of the Court disqualified or Deputy Marshal, of or belonging to any of his Majesty's said Courts of Admiralty or Vice Ad from acting as Advocates miralty whatsoever, shall either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or or Proctors,

Agents, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, ad or be concerned in any Manner, either as an

Advocate or Proctor in any Cause, Matter, or Business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty to which such Register, Deputy Register,

Marshal or Deputy Marshal shall then belong; and that every Register, Deputy Register, Marshal

or Deputy Marshal who shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either

upon an Information or Indictment, shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office on Forfeiture of their rs

and Employment of Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal in and belonging to spectiveoffices.

the same Court.'

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Commission and Commissions heretofore

Commissions which have been issued forth or granted in pursuance of the aforesaid Act of Parlia granted to Vessels ot in ment made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign to the Commander or t?nor Force and liu: --

Commande. s of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War in Europe, such Ship or Ships, tl'3n C 15 ct a"

Vessel or Vessels, not being respectively of the Burden of one hundred Tonnes, and carrying each ten

Carriage Guns, being three Pounders, and forty Men at the least (except such Ships or Vessels of except such as shall be

an inferior Burden or Force whose Commissions shall be respectively confirmed by any Order in confirmed by the Adzr.: -

Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commission ralty

ers for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them,

or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed) shall from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, be null and void; and the same, and every are revoked and declared

of them, is and are hereby accordingly enabled and declared to be absolutely revoked and made null void.

and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. provid.d always. That every such Confirmation of any Commission as aforesaid, shall be Confirmation of Corn

made and granted without Fee or Reward. millions to be granted

v thout &c.

XIX. And, to the end that the Owners of such Ships or Vessels, not being under fifty or above where the Commissiona one hundred Tonnes, whose Commissions are by this Act made void, which, since the twenty fc infcrlor vefiejsare venth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, have constantly served as private vacated by revof8'on'

Ships of War to the Time of such Revocation, may not be injured thereby It is hereby further

enacted,

368

C 25. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

His Majesty to appoint Persons to adjust the Claims of the Owners for Damages; and the Sums certified by them, to be paid out of the next Supplies,

A Session of the Court of Admiralty to be held in March and October yearly.

enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, under his Royal Sign Manual, to appoint such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit to receive and adjuffc the Claims of such Owners, for any Loss or Damage they may respectively sustain by reason of the Revocation of any of the said Commissions hereby made void; and the Sums which shall by such Person or Persons, so appointed by his Majesty, be certified to be due on such Claims, shall be paid out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

XX. And, for the more speedy bringing of Offenders to Justice, and to prevent the Inconvc nicncies occasioned by want of frequently holding a Section of Admiralty for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, a Section of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, for the Trial of Offences committed upon the High Seas within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, shall be held twice at the least in every Year; that is to say, In the several Months of March and October in each Year, at justice Hall in the Old Bailey, London; except at such Times as the Sections of Oyer and Ter min r and Gaol Delivery for the City of London and County of Middlesex shall be appointed to be there held; or in such other Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, as the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall by any Letter or Order in writing under their Hands directed to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty in England for the Time being appoint.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, it shall and may be lawful, not only to and for the empowered to any one or more of the Commissioners for the Time being, named in the Commission of Oyer ard Terminer for the trying of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, but also to and for any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the Time being of any County, Riding, Division, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, from time to time, to take any Information or Informations of any Witness or Witnesses in Writing upon Oath, touching any Piracy, Felony, or Robbery, done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals hath or have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction; thereupon (if such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively shall see Cause) by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and

Commissioners of the Court, and Justices of

Piracy, c.

and, if they see Cause, to apprehend and commit the Offenders;

and to oblige the profecu tors and Evidences to enter into Recognizances, to appear and prosecute;

on Refusal, lo commit them.

Recognizances and Informations to be trans mnred to the Register r>f the Cnurr, to be laid before the Judge, and kept among the Records.

The mar/hal, Sheriff', and other Peace Officers are to obey and execute all Precepts and Orders rf the Commissioners and Justices.

Persons accused in such Information or in the Gaol of the County or Place wherein there to remain until discharged by due course

Where an Appeal shall be intciposed from the Sentence of the Court, concerning Goods taken may as 1'rizr,

Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or formations to be apprehended and committed to the same Information or Informations shall be taken of Law.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said Commissioners, or Justices of the Peace, who shall cause any such Person or Persons to be committed as is lait mentioned, shall, and he or they is or are hereby respectively required at the same Time to oblige all and every such other Person or Persons whom such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace shall judge necessary to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into one or more Recognisance or Recognizances to his Majesty, in a sufficient Penalty for his, her or their appearing at the then next Section of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be held for the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, there to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be committed as aforesaid: if any Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognisance to prosecute or give Evidence as shall be required, he, she or they so refusing shall be committed by any such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, to the Gaol of the County or Place in which the Rrfon so refufin shall be, until the next Sections of Admiralty shall be held, or such Persons shall enter into such Recognisance as shall be required as aforesaid'; which Recognisance or Recognizances, together with the Information or Informations taken touching the Offence or Offences wherewith the Person or Persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom the same shall be taken, shall and they are hereby respectively required to transmit with all convenient Speed to the Register for the Time being of the High Court of Admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the Judge for the Time being of the same Court, and afterwards to be kept among the Records of that Court.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal of the Admiralty for the 7'imc being, and his Deputy or Deputies, and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Stewards, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever, for keeping of the Peace (as well within Liberties as without) shall, and they, and every of them, are hereby respectively authorised and required, from time to time, diligently to execute, perform and obey all such Precept and Precepts, Warrant and Warrants, and other Order and Orders, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter he made, directed, issued, or given to them or any of them respectively, by any one or more of the said Commissioners named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of the Peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, touching any of the Matters or 'Filings herein contained,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Appeal shall be interposed from a Sentence given in any Admiralty Court, concerning any Goods and Effects which

hereafter be seized or taken as Prize, in pursuance of the aforesaid Act of Parliament of the 3 twenty

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 26.

twenty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or of this Act; that then and in such Case, the Judge of such Court of Admiralty shall and may, at the Request, Costs and Charges, either of the Captor or Claimant, or of the Claimant only, in Cases where the Privilege is reserved in Favour of the Claimant by any Treaty or Treaties subsisting between his Majesty and Foreign Powers, make an Order to have such Capture appraised, unless the Parties shall otherwise agree upon the Value thereof, and an Inventory taken, and then take Security for the full Value thereof, and thereupon cause such Capture to be delivered to the Party giving such Security, in like Manner as by the said former al such Judge ought or could have done, before Sentence given, notwithstanding such Appeal: And if there shall be any Difficulty or Objetftion to the giving or taking of Security, the said Judge hall, at the Request of either of the Parties, order such Goods and effects to be entered, landed, and sold by public Audfion, as Prize Goods now are, under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers of the Customs, and under the Direction and Inspection of such Persons as shall be appointed by the Claimants and Captors; and the Moneys arising by such Sale shall be deposited in the Bank of England, or in some public Securities, and in the Names of such Trustees as the cap tors and Claimants shall jointly appoint, and the Court shall approve, for the Use and Benefit of the Parties who shall be adjudged to be entitled thereto: And if such Security shall be given by the Claimants, then it is hereby also enacted, That such Judge shall give such Capture a Pass, to prevent it's being taken again by his Majesty's Subjects in its destined Voyage.

369

The Capture may te praised, and upon Security given, be delivered to the Party j

and if there shall he any Difficulty or Objection to the giving or raking Security, the Ju 'ge may order the goods^o be landed and sold by Auction,

and the Money to be de pofned in the Bank, See, If Sec irity be given by the Claimant!:, Judge to give the Capture a Pass.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this al shall Act to be in Force du

continue in Force during the present War with France, and no longer. ring the present War

0. with France.

See farther 33 Geo. 2. C f 9. and 2 Geo. 3. c. 16.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke; and to amend and render more effectual an Act of last Session of Parliament, for applying a Sum of Money towards fortifying the said Harbour.

[Preamble, recitihfe9

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this session of Parliament towards carry Cla, 'fcin Act 31 Geo. ing on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford in the County f Pembroke; it was c. 3 enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, there should and might be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke:

And whereas a further Sum of Money is necessary for that Purpose May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 10, 0001. to be issued out plies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, of the Supplies granted there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the Harbour of Milford Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke.

II. And whereas by the said recited al the Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and the Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke for the Time being, are appointed Commissioners for putting the said al in Execution; And whereas it may be inconvenient at this Time for the said Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance to give their constant Attendance to such Commission Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Of Commissioners for put ficers of his Majesty's Ordnance, and the Justices of the Peace for the County of pembroketor the sins this Act inexecu time being, together with William Skinner Esquire chief Engineer, and the chief Engineer for the t, on"

Time being, David Watson, John Henry Bajlide, Charles Hubert Herriot, and Thomas Walker, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting the said recited al and this present at in Execution.

III. And whereas by the Direction of the said Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance,

Surveys and Plans have been made of proper Places for eretfting Fortifications in the said Harbour of Milford: And whereas Pater church peint, wcjl l&nyon point, and Neyland point, within the said Harbour, have been reported by the Engineers employed for that Purpose to be the most proper and best situated Places for fortifying the interior Parts of the said Harbour; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Fortifications shall be erected on or near the said Fortifications to be ercc several Points called Pater church point, West lanyon point, and Neyland point, under the Directed on th l>lac?s tion of the Master General and principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, or ^aion^f th^mafcr any Person or Persons that he or they, or any three or more of them shall appoint to carry ort, General and other of such Work, as soon as the Lands neccdary for building thereof shall be set out, described and pur fleers of the Ordnance. vol. VIII B b b chased

commissioners impcwer cd to appoint and pay Sscretariei, and other proper Officers under them.

Account of the Application of the Moneys to be laid before Parliament.

Charges of obtaining this Act to be first paid out of the Moneys granted.

chased, in the Manner directed in the said recited Aftj and that in the mean Time all proper and necessary Materials shall be provided for carrying on the said Fortifications.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more of them, to appoint proper Secretaries, Clerks, af fistants, or other Officers, for the more effectual carrying the said recited Act and this present Act into Execution; and that the necessary Expenses and Charges attending the same shall be paid out of the Moneys thereby and hereby granted.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Account of the Application of the Moneys hereby appropriated towards carrying on the Works for fortifying and securing the said Harbour, hall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within twenty Days after the opening of every Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Costs and Charges as shall be incurred in obtaining this Act, hall be in the first Place paid out of the Moneys hereby granted.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

Preamble, reciting Act 19 Geo. 2. c. 35.

For former Laws concerning Coals refer to9II 5. ft. i. C 10. 16 & 17

Car. 2. cz. ^ocar.2. C 8. 6 & 7 IV 3. C 18.

9 (s' jo W. 3. C 13.

10 11 W, 3. C 21.

Ann. C 4, 9 Ann.

C 6, 22 & 2s. 12 Ann. Jl. c.gfif 17. 5 Geo. I.

C 9. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

3 £7r9. 2. C 26. ^Geo. 2. C 30. 10 Geo. 2. c. 32.

11 Geo. 2. c. 15. 13 Geo.

2. C 21. 14 Geo. 2.

C 41. 17 Geo. 2. c. 35.

22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. ^ogco.z, C 19.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act ?nore effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there should be erected and continued within the City and Liberty of Westminster, one public Office, to be called by the Name of The Land Coal Metres Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster; which should, from time to time, be managed by two Persons to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Succedors, and to be called and known by the Name of The Principal Land Coal Adders for the City and Liberty of Westminster; diverse Sees, Rules, Orders, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Punishments, Forfeitures and Provisions were thereby given, granted, made, established, prescribed and directed to be levied and inflicted respectively, for the better enforcing and carrying the said Act into Execution for the Purposes therein mentioned y and which were to continue and he in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and to the End of the then next scf fion of Parliament: And it was thereby, amongst other Things enacted and provided, That if the Driver of any Cart loaded with Coals, or any Person belonging thereto, or employed therewith, should deliver or fufter to be delivered or taken from such Cart, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner or Owners thereof, and hold be convicted of such Offence, he should for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds: And it was thereby further enacted and provided, That if any Person or Persons hold be dissatisfied with, or think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals, under or by virtue of the said Act, the same Coals hold, either upon acquainting the Seller of such Coals, or the Carman driving or leading the same, at any Time during the Delivery thereof, and before the Carman should be discharged thereof by the Consumer, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, be remea sured either in the Presence of a Sea Coal Metre, from the Sea Coal Metres Office in the City of London, or one of the Metres or their Agents, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, for which there should be paid fourpence for every Chaldron, and no more; and in case the Coals so to be remeasured, should not amount to the Measure for which they were originally sold and measured, the Sellers of such Coals are thereby respectively made liable to the Penalties and Punishments thereby inflicted, to be recovered and applied in Manner therein mentioned j and that from and after Notice should have been given in Writing of any such Diflatisfadlion or Grievance as aforesaid, to the Seller of such Coals, or to the Carman leading or driving the same, and whilst such Coals should so remain in their or either of their Possession or Power, such Seller or Carman, in whose Possession or Power such Coals should be at the Time of such Notice, should not leave or depart from the Cart in which such Coals should have been laden, but that he and they should remain with the same, and take all possible Care both of the Coals and Cart, till a Metre or me tcis, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, could he procured to remeasure such Coals; and they are thereby respectively required, from time to time, with all convenient Speed, on Notice for that Purpose to be delivered or left at the said Office in Writing in any of the Office Hours, to attend for that Purpose: And whereas the said Act of Parliament (having by Experience been found useful and beneficial within the City and Liberty of Westminster and the other Places and

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 27. 371

Limits therein mentioned) was, by three subsequent Acts, one of the twenty-third, another of2' gcb -- c z(>'

the twenty-fourth, and another of the thirty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fur 2+

there continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Jrwe one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine: e'

And whereas it would be of great Service to the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the said several Parts and Places of the County of Middlesex, that the said Act should,

under certain restrictions be further continued; and in case proper Provisions were made for ob viating Mischiefs and Abuses which were not foreseen, and not sufficiently provided for by the said former Act, the same would be still of greater Benefit and Advantage to the said Inhabitants,

and more effectually answer the Purposes thereby intended May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the Driver of any Cart loaded with Carter, c. fraudulently Coals, or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall deliver or suffer to be delivered delivering, or suffering or taken from such Cart, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner to be pubhcidy

or Owners thereof, and shall be lawfully convicted in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; whipped, and committed 7 he shall for every such Offence be publicly whipped, or committed to the House of Correction, there for three Months, to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with, And if Coals upon Reor

think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals, under or by virtue of the measurement, rtiail fall said former Act, and such Coals shall be remeasured in pursuance or under the Authority of the said [hey were ori^naify sold Acts, and shall upon such remeasuring fall short of, and be deficient of the true Quantity or Mea and measured far, sure, at or for which the same were originally contracted for, sold and measured; then and in such '

the Principal Coal Metre or Coal Metres shall, for every Bushel which the said Coals so to be

remeasured shall fall short of or be deficient in the true Quantity or Measure so originally contracted

for, sold and measured, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered and applied in the Principal Coal Me

such and the same Manner as the pecuniary Penalties inhidled and directed to be levied by the first wanton"

mentioned Act are thereby ordered, directed and appointed, to be levied, recovered and applied measur^an ing

respectively.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Labouring Coal Metre shall deliver a Ticket Labouring Coal Metre to any Person or Persons for any Quantity of Coals, without having been present at, and seen the delivering Tickets for measuring of the whole Quantity thereof specified and expressed in such Ticket, in every such Case cref[sn7atcthe Veafurine the Principal Coal Metres shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered and apto be committed to plied in such Manner as the pecuniary Penalties, inflicted and directed to be levied by the first men hard labour for Days, tioned Act, are thereby ordered, directed and appointed to be levied, recovered and applied respectand incapacitated; and tively: And every Labouring Coal Metre so offending, upon Complaint thereof made unto any one he Principals to for or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the said fcit 5

County of Middlesex, and upon due Proof made to his or their Satisfaction, shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to remain and bept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days; and shall be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal Metre under this Act.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it was Clause in al 3 Geo. 2,

therein enacted, That all Coals should be carried to the respective Buyers, within the Limitse' z6'

therein mentioned, in Linen Sacks, sealed and marked with white Paint in Oil at Guildhall, Lon dony or at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, by the proper Officer there; which Sacks shall be full four Feet and two Inches in Length, and six and twenty Inches in Breadth after they shall be made: And whereas it has been found by Experience that these Dimensions have not been quite sufficient, by reason of the great shrinking of the Sacks from Wet, and other Causes; ' Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred Sacks to be Feet

and fifty-nine, all Sacks made use of for the Carriage of Coals within the Limits mentioned in the 4/iich?s !n an

aforesaid Act shall be full four Feet four Inches in Length, and full twenty six Inches in Breadth 2 nc es roa after they are made; nor shall any of less Dimensions be sealed or marked at the abovementioned Offices: And if any Person or Persons dealing in or selling Coals within the Limits aforesaid, shall £os p*"a'ty?n uns, use or cause to be used Sacks of any less Dimensions than the Dimensions herein before directed, ac so every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered, levied and applied, in such Manner as the pecuniary Penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by.,

the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are thereby directed and appointed to be levied, recovered and applied respectively.

V. And for the more effectually preventing any Frauds by false Admeasurement of Coals; It is Labouring Coal Metre, hereby further enacted, That if any Person employed as a Labouring Coal Metre shall suffer any Sac of less D*Sacks to be made use of for the Carriage of Coals, Teing less than four Feet in Length, and i00*1u. a full two Feet in Breadth withinfide the Sack, or shall neglect to attend and perform his Duty at the Duty

Wharves, as in the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign is directed, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered, levied and applied, forfeits 40s.

in such and the like Manner as the pecuniary Penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by the Application thereof.,

said Act of the nineteeth Year of Ins present Majesty's Reign, are thereby directed and appointed

to be levied, recovered and applied respectively.

and upon Proof of the Offence, to commit the Offender.

Provisions relating to the Fte for the admeafore nrcnt of Coals, or pu nifhrrent of Dealers or Carters, to take Place in such Cases only, where a Me er shall have attended the Admeasure* fnent at the buyer's Dcllre.

The Powers, cof ly Geo. 2.

except where altered by this A,

to be in Force during the Continuance of this Act.

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

[Public Act.]

372 C 28. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

[Justices upon application and Complaint in any of the Cases aforesaid, to summon and examine the Parties;]

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, upon every such Complaint so to him or them made in the Cases aforementioned, is and are hereby authorised and required to call and summon the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine every such Complaint upon Oath, or upon Affirmation of such Witness or Witnesses as shall be of the People Called unkers (and which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and arejiereby respectively impowered and required to administer and take) and upon due Pr oof of such Offence as aforesaid to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, for the Commitment of such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain and be dealt with as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of this act, none of the Provisions made by the said former Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by this present Act, relating to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for or on Account of the Admeasurement or inspection of the admeasurement of Coals, or to the Punishment of any Dealer in Coals, or Carter, on account of sending, carrying or leading Coals from any Wharf or Place within the Limits aforesaid, shall take Place and be in Force, except in such Cases only where the Buyer of such Coals shall have signified, by Notice in Writing, to one of the Principal Coal Metres, or one of the Labouring Coal Metres, his or her Desire to have the Attendance of a Coal Metre to inspect the Admeasurement of his or her Coals, and where a Coal Metre shall pursuant to such Notice, attend and actually inspe6fc the Admeasurement of the whole Quantity of such Coals; anything contained in the said recited Act, or this act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and continued by the subsequent acts herein before mentioned and referred to, and all the Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Provisions, Rules, Orders, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things, given, granted, ordered, appointed, prescribed, inserted and contained in and by the said acts respectively, or any of them, which are now in Force (other than so far forth as the same, or any of them respectively, are varied, altered, explained, rendered unnecessary, or otherwise provided for by the Force of this present Act) shall be exercised, practised, used, enforced and put in Execution, during the Continuance, and for the purposes of this present AI, in as full, extensive and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Provisions, Rules, Orders, directions, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly expressed, and again enacted in the Body of this present at: And also that this at shall take effect:, continue and be in Force from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, for and during the further Term of seven Years then next infuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public AI, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

[Preamble.]

Ever farmer Lews relat.'rg hmil) refer to I Ed. 3. fl 1. C 7. 43 El. C z.

19 Ctr. Z. C 4. z Geo. 2. c. 22. 3 Geo. 2. c. 27.

S Geo. 2. c. 24. 14 Gn. 2. C 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 33. Ac: 22 & 23 Car. 2.

t. 20.

Officer may nor carry his Prisoner 10 any Tavern cr oilier i'uhlick House, without his Content J

tier charge him for {, ! ^.'or or other Thing, tfh«' than such as he Pull freely and piruc i i. ly callt.j tui; nor ilc manj for Capiian or at tuvj incc, any other than Vr. legal fic;

WHEREAS many Persons suffer by the Oppression of inferior Officers in the Execution of Process for Debt, and the Exaction of Gaolers to whom such Debtors are committed t For Remedy whereof, it may be reasonable not only to enforce the Execution of the Laws now in Being against such Oppressions and exa61ions, more especially several Clauses in a Statute made at a Parliament held in the twenty second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the Relief and Release of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt) but likewise to make some further Provisions for the Ease and Relief of Debtors who shall be willing to satisfy their Creditors to the utmost of their Power Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Sergeant at Mace, or other Officer or Minister whatsoever, shall at any Time or Times hereafter convey or carry, or cause to be conveyed or carried any Person or Persons by him or them arrested, or being in his or their Custody by virtue or colour of any Action, Writ, Process or Attachment, to any Tavern, ale house, or other Public victualling or Drinking Mouse, or to the Private House of any such Officer or Minister, or of any Tenant or Relation of his, without the free and voluntary Consent of the Person or Person so arrested or in Custody; nor charge any such Person or Persons with any Sum of Money for any Wine, Beer, Ale, Victuals, Tobacco, or any other Liquor or Things whatsoever, lave what lie, lie or they shall call for of his, her or their own free Accord; nor shall cause or procure him, her or them, to call or pay for any such Liquor or Things, except what he, she or they shall particularly and freely ask for; nor Hull demand, take or receive, or cause to be demanded, taken or received, dirc6uy or in directly, any other or greater Sum or Sums of Money than is or shall be by Law allowed to be taken

A.D. 1758.1 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 373

or demanded for any Arrest or Taking, or for detaining, or waiting till the Person or Persons so arrested or in Custody shall have given an Appearance or Bail, as the Case shall require, or agreed with the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution he, she or they shall be taken or arrested, or until he, she or they shall be sent to the proper Gaol belonging to the County, Riding, Division,

City, Town or Place where such Arrest or Taking shall be; nor shall exact; or take any Reward, nor exact ar*y Gratuity Gratuity or Money for keeping the Person or Persons so arrested or in Custody out of Gaol or Pri {^0fney nor Carry j11* fcm; nor hall carry any such Person to any Gaol or Prison within four and twenty Hours from the {^ours afterhis/tr 1* Time of such Arrest, unless such Person or Persons so arrested shall refuse to be carried to some rest, unless he shall re safe and convenient Dwelling House of his, her or their own Nomination or Appointment, within fuse to be carried to some a City, Borough, Corporation, or Market Town, in case such Person or Persons shall be there ar fare Houfs of his own

Appointment within

fume City or Town, if, arrested there, or within ill three Mika thereof, to so

rested; within three Miles from the Place where such Arrest shall be made, if the same shall

made out of any City, Borough, Corporation, or Market Town, so as such Dwelling House not the House of the Person arrested, and be within the County, Riding, Division or Liberty, which the Person under Arrest was arrested; and then and in any such Case it shall be lawful and for any such Sheriff, or other Officer or Minister, to convey or carry the Person or Persons arrested, and refusing to be carried to such safe and convenient Dwelling House as aforesaid, to such Gaol or Prison as he, she or they may be sent to, by virtue of the aion, Writ or Process against him, her or them.

[Nor may Officer take for the Lodging, Diet, and other Expences of such Prisoner, more than shall be allowed in such Cases, by an Order of the Justices in their General or Quarter-Sessions, which Order they are required to make with all Expedition;]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Sergeant at Mace, or other Officer or Person, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, take or receive for lodg|n?> Diet any other or greater Sum or Sums for one or more Nights Lodging, or for a day's Diet, or other °^fornwpmoree\haa<

Expenses of any Person or Persons under Arrest, on any Writ, Action, Attachment or Process, fta]i be allowed in such other than what shall be allowed as reasonable in such Cases by some Order or Orders already made, Cases, by an Order of or which shall hereafter be made by the Justices of the Peace at some General or Quarter sessions the Justices in their cc which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where such Arrest or jpril ^.^order^hc Taking shall be, who are hereby authorised and required, with all convenient Expedition, to make required to make some Standing Order or Orders for ascertaining such Charges and Expenses within their respectivecoun w; th all Expedition; ties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns and Jurisdictions, if the same hath or have not already

been there made; and if any such Order or Orders hath or have been there already made, such Justices for the Time being, at their respective General or Quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and required to vary or alter the lame, from time to time, as they shall see Occasion; and also are a Copy whereof is to tc hereby required to cause a Copy of every such Order, and of every Variation or Alteration thereof, UP in fun\e crn signed by the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place^other

respectively, to be put and kept up in some conspicuous Place in the Sessions House, or some other p^nser 0 r

proper Place, of every such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place as such V Justices shall order, so as the same may be there seen and examined as Occasion may require.

III. And to the Intent that no Person may fuster by reason of his Ignorance of the Provisions sheriffs and the seconda made by this Act, Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every sheriffcompters, to Under Sheriff, and Bailiff of any Liberty, and also the respective Secondaries and Clerk Sitters in clausetto baiwes^ the respective Compters in London, and all other Persons intruded with the Execution of Process, and C i, er officers im or who shall enter any Action's, or make any Warrant or Warrants, or any Writ or Process, in ployed in the Execution, order to have the same executed, shall deliver a printed Copy of the several Clauses contained in of Writs, c.

this Act relating to Bailiffs, Sergeants, and other Officers and Persons who shall be employed under them respectively to execute any Writ, Process or Attachment, or who shall arrest any Person on any Action which shall be entered, or otherwise, within their respective Sheriffwicks orjurisdictions, to every such Bailiff, Sergeant, Officer, and other Person, and shall make it Part of the Con nd make it a Part < f dition of every Security or Bond which shall be given or made to any such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, '1s condltl'n or the or Bailiff of any Liberty, by any Bailiff, Sergeant at mace, or other Officer or Person, who shall thtm/'that ?they fthi] be employed or intruded to execute any such Writ or Process as aforesaid under him, them, or any stew and deliver a Copy of them, that every such Bailiff, Sergeant at Mace, or Officer, and other Person respectively, shall of the said Clauses to and will show and deliver a Copy of the said Clauses to every Person he shall arrest by virtue of any the pri('°ner» ca, rietl Process, Action, Writ or Attachment, or under any Warrant made out thereon, and carry or an/p^m^him^/his go with tc any Publick or other House where any Liquor shall be sold; and also shall and will per Friend 10 read over the rnit every such Person who shall be so arrested, or any Friend of him or her, to read over the same same, before any Liquor Clauses, before any Liquor, Meat or Victuals shall be at any such Publick or other House called or Victuals bo brought o*or brought to any such Person who shall be sounder Arrest there; and in case any Bailiff, Serjeant at Mace, or other Officer or Person, shall in any respect offend in the Premises, every such pre^ j, ^efuks'^he'6 Offence, beftdes the Breach of the Condition of every such Security Bond, shall be accounted and Breach of Covenant, la deemed a Misdemeanour in the Execution of the Process or Action on which any such Person was bie to be punished for a arrested, and shall be punishable as such by virtue of this act Misdemeanor.

III. And to the Intent that no Person may suffer by reason of his Ignorance of the Provisions made by this Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That and every Sheriff, Under Sheriff, and Bailiff of any Liberty, and also the respective Secondaries and Clerk Sitters in the respective Compters in London , and all other Persons intrusted with the Execution of Process, or who shall enter any Actions, or make any Warrant or Warrants, or any Writ or Process, in order to have the same executed, shall deliver a printed Copy of the several Clauses contained in this Act relating to Bailiffs, Serjeants, and other Officers and Persons who shall be imployed under them respectively to execute any Writ, Process or Attachment, or who shall arrest any Person on any Action which shall be entered, or otherwise, within their respective Sheriffwicks or Jurisdictions, to every such Bailiff, Serjeant, Officer, and other Person, and shall make it Part of the Condition of every Security or Bond which shall be given or made to any such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, or Bailiff of any Liberty, by any Bailiff, Serjeant at Mace, or other Officer or Person, who shall be imployed or intrusted to execute any such Writ or Process as aforesaid under him, them, or any of them, that every such Bailiff, Serjeant at Mace, or Officer, and other Person respectively, shall and will shew and deliver a Copy of the said Clauses to every Person he shall arrest by virtue of any Process, Action, Writ or Attachment, or under any Warrant made out thereon, and carry or go with to any Publick or other House where any Liquor shall be sold; and also shall and will permit every such Person who shall be so arrested, or any Friend of him or her, to read over the same Clauses, before any Liquor, Meat or Victuals shall be at any such Publick or other House called for, or brought to any such Person who shall be so under Arrest there; and in case any Bailiff, Serjeant at Mace, or other Officer or Person, shall in any respect offend in the Premisses, every such Offence, besides the Breach of the Condition of every such Security Bond, shall be accounted and deemed a Misdemeanor in the Execution of the Process or Action on which any such Person was arrested, and shall be punishable as such by virtue of this Act.

[Sheriffs and Gaolers to allow Debtors in Custody to send for, or have brought to them, Victuals and Beer from what Place they shall think fit;

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff of any Liberty Gaoler and Keeper of any Prison or Gaol, and other Person and Persons, ^lo"^£^.t°rsjn

to whose Custody or Keeping any one hath been, or hereafter shall be arrested, taken, committed 'b°r0jghl't vic

or charged in Execution, by virtue of any Writ, Process or Action, or Attachment, fhrdl at all tuais and Beer from what Times hereafter permit and suffer every such Person and Persons, during his, her and their respectPlace thoy flwll thinkfitj five Continuance under arrc ft or in Custody, or in Execution for any Debt, Damages, Costs, or Contempt, at his, her and their free Will and Pleasure, to send for, or have brought to him, her r them, at seasonable Times in the daytime, any Beer, Ale, Viduals, or other necessary Food,

from

374* C 28. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

and to have and use such from what Place he, lie or they shall think fit, or can have the same; and also to have and use such

afthe^flwiuhink' fit Adding, Linen, or other necessary Things, as he, lie or they filial have Occasion for and think

or hall bevuppl led with, or shall be supplied with, during his, her or their Continuance under any such Arrest or Com

without purloining or 'liitment, without purloining or detaining the same, or any Part thereof, or enforcing or requiring

Staining thereof, or him, her or them, to pay for the having or using thereof, or putting any Manner of Restraint or

obliging them to pay for Difficulty upon him, her or them, in the using thereof, or relating thereto; and no such Prisoner or the same. Prisoners shall pay anything in respeif thereof to any such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff of any

Liberty, Gaoler, Keener, or other Person as aforesaid.

The L C Justices of the

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Chief Justice of the king's Bench, Common Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief

Ticas and Exchequer, Baron of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, or any two of them, together with the Mayor

Aldermen o^london, "° an two the Aldermen, or with three of the Aldermen of the City of London without the Mayor

for the Prisons within for the Time being, for and in respect of the Gaols and Prisons within the Laid City of London; and the said City j and the the said Lords Chief Justices, and Lord Chief Baron, or any two of them, with three Justices of the

L.C. Justices, and L C Peace of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry respctftively, for and in respect of the Gaols and Pri

Baron, with three Jufh pons in the faj<j Countjes of Middlesex and Surry respectively; are hereby respectively required, with

ces of the Peace for Middlesex and Surry, for the a convenient Speed, to meet, from Time to Time, at such Place as they shall think ht and ap

Prions in the said Coun point, and there to settle and establish a Table of the Rates and Fees which shall be allowed to be tits; taken by any Gaoler or Keeper in London, or in the several Counties of Middlesex and Surry, where to meet and settle ata the same hath not been already established; where the same hath been already established, they ble of the Fees to be ta are hereby respectively authorised to meet together as aforesaid, and vary the same from ime to

ken by the respective Time as they hall see Occasion; the Justices of the Peace of every other County, Riding,

o.ers ero, City and Place, for and in respect of the Gaols and Prisons in each other respective

theyftautee Occasion; County, Riding, Division, City, Town and Place, are hereby respectively authorised and re

and Justices at their ge ftu'rc<^' at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for such County, Riding, neral or Quarter Session Lmfion, City, Town or Place respectively, with all convenient Speed, to settle and establish

of the Peace, to make a Table of the respective Rates and Sees, v.'nich shall be allowed to be taken by any Gaoler or

like Tables of Fees to be Keeper within their respective Jurisdictions, where the same hath not been already settled and taken by the Gaolers established, and where the same hath been already settled and established, then to vary and jurisdictions.16 P 1ve ater the same, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion; and that the respedb ve Tables Tabl s of the Fees for Fees, which shall be so made, varied or altered, for or in respectt of the several Gaols

London, Middlesex and and Prisons within the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex and Surry aforesaid, shall

Surry Gaols, to be signed be signed from Time to Time, by the said Lords Chief Justices, and Lord Chief Baron, or two

by the Persons making of them, and the Mayor and two Aldermen of the said City o{london, or by three Aldermen

or altering the same: of the said (jjty of London without the Mayor, and by three Justices of the Peace of the Counties of

Tnofe for other Places to Middlesex and Surry respectively, within their respective Jiirifditftions, by whom the same shall be fn?, e, dr y? m 'CS atrespectively made, varied or altered; and that the Tables of such Fees, which shall be made or al' C kju r er ion > tered or varied, for or in respect of the rest of the said Gaols and Prisons, shall from Time to Time, be signed by three or more of the Justices of the Peace who shall so make, or vary, or alter the same and to be reviewed, con at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace as aforesaid, and shall be afterwards review ed firmed or moderated, by and confirmed or moderated, within that Part of Great Britain called England, by the Judges or Af twftices of Great Sessions, {'ze' and within the Principality of Wales, or County Palatine of Chester, by the Justices of Great within their tcfpeaive Sessions respectively, at the next Assizes or Great Sessions, which shall be held in the respective Circuits, Counties, within their several Circuits next after the making, or varying, or altering of any such

and be afterwards signed Table of Fees; and the same shall be afterwards signed by the respective Judges of assize, or ju by them. ftices of Great Sessions, who shall respectively review, confirm or moderate the same, and three or

more Justices of the Peace of such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, under their respective Hands, for and in respect of the respective Gaols and Prisons within their respective Circuits, Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns or jurisdictions.

Rules and Orders for the

VI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That proper Rules and Orders for the better Government of better Government of the respective Gaols and Prisons in that Part of Great Britain called England, 'the Gaols and Prisoners and of the Prisoners who are or shall be therein, where such Rules and Orders have not already been therein, to be made by made, hall, with all convenient Speed, be made by the several Courts in we/lminster Hall, for and v 'minster6hah or" 'n rc{pe& f the several Gaols or lvifons belonging to such Courts respectively; and by the said the Gaols belonging to Lords Chief' Justices, and Lord Chief Baron, or any two or more of them, together with the Mayor such Court; and two Aldermen of the said City of London, or three or more Aldermen of the said City of London

uod b' rhr i. C justices, without the said Mayor, for and in respedi of the Gaols and Prisons within the said City of London; end I., C Baron, with and by the said Lords Chief Justices, and Lord Chief Baron, or any two of them, for the Time the Mayor and two Al being, together with three or more Justices of the Peace, for and in respect of the Gaols and pri dermrn, for those within fons within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and by three or more Justices of the Peace of l<ndonj each County, Riding or Division, City, Borough, " Town Corporate or Place, for and in respctft of

by^hc L. Justices the Gaols and Prisons within their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, three justices of the Peace Towns Corporate or Places, at fonte General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; and the same hall ft>r iho.e in Middlesex afterwards be reviewed, and may be altered, if thought necessary, by the Judge or Judges of Assize, and Surry; or Justice or Justices of Great Sessions respectively, at the next Assizes or Great Sessions which shall and by; Justices of the be held by them respectively, within their several Circuits, after the making or altering of any such

Peace for thufe in any other County, Ui. Thtfc to be afterwards reviewed, and may be altered by the Judges of Assize, and Justices of Great Sessions reflectively.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 375

Rules or Orders; and where any Rules or Orders for regulating or governing any such Gaols or Rules to be enlarged, af prisons have already been made, or hereafter shall be made, the same may, at all Times hereafter, rd oramended astllere be enlarged, altered or amended, as there shall be Occasion, by the respective Courts in Westminster fha e ccaion'

Hall, and other the Persons for the Time being respectively authorised by this act: to make and alter the same: And after every making, enlarging, altering or amending thereof, all such Rules or and to be duh Orders so enlarged, altered or amended, hall be signed by the Judges of each respective Court in Westminster Hall, where any such Rules or Orders shall be made, enlarged, altered or amended, for and in respect of the Prisons and Prisoners belonging to the said Courts respectively; and in respect to the other Gaols or Prisons, or the Prisoners therein, by the respc61ive Persons for the Time being, hereby before authorised to make, and review or alter such Rules or Orders within their respective jurisdictions as aforesaid: And Duplicates of every such Table of Fees which shall be made, en Duplicates of such enlarged, altered or varied, and of all Rules or Orders which shall be hereafter made for regulating ders»and ja^les offees» any Gaol or Prison in pursuance of this at, belonging to the said respective Courts in Westminster ^recordinthe'*

Hall, shall be entered and enrolled on Record in every such respective Court, by the proper Officer proper Courts; thereof, without any See to be paid for the same; and a like Duplicate of every such Table of Fees,

Rules or Orders, which shall be so made, varied, altered or amended, and which shall concern or relate to any other Gaol or Prison, or the Prisoners therein, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, from Time to Time, with all convenient Speed after the making or altering, enlarging or varying thereof, be transmitted to the respective Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities or Places, in or for which the same shall be made, altered, enlarged or varied, and shall be by every such respective Clerk of the Peace, entered or registered on the Rolls of the respective Sessions without Fee; and every such Clerk of the Peace hall cause another Copy thereof to antl Copies thereof to be be hung up in the Court where every Assize, Great Sessions or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for buj?8 up'n al'c°urts ot every such County, Riding, Division, City or Place respectively, within his jurisdiction, shall be and ar^session"; held, there to remain and be inspected as Occasion shall require; and shall also cause another Copy and transmitted to the thereof to be transmitted to every G aoler or Keeper of any Prison, within the jurisdi6f ion of any respective Gaolers, such respective Clerk of the Peace; and every such Gaoler or Keeper shall forthwith, after the Re and kept hung up in some ceipt of any such Table of Fees, Rules or Orders, cause the same to be hung up in some open or Room 0 eac public Room or Place, and in a conspicuous Manner in his Gaol or Prison; it shall be incumbent on every such Gaoler or Keeper, to take care that the same shall, from Time to Time, be kept up there and preserved, so as that the Prisoners in his Gaol or Prison may have free and easy Resort thereto, at seasonable Times in the daytime, as Occasion shall require, without paying anything for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Courts of Record in Courts in Westminster Westminster Hall aforesaid shall hereafter, in every Michaelmas Term, appoint some Day in such Hall to inquire annual Term, to inquire whether such Table of Fees, and such Rules or Orders as aforesaid, are hung up, whether such Tables of and remain public, and easy to be resorted to, in the several Prisons to the said Courts respectively hungup and complied belonging, and whether the same be duly complied with and observed; and shall cause eight Days with, and to give Notice Notice to be given in every such Michaelmas Term, to the Prisoners in every of the respective Pri to the Prisoners of the fons belonging to the said respective Courts in Westminster Hall, of the Time appointed for such tim5appointed for such Inquiry, and shall inform themselves touching the same in the beffc Manner they can, and supply n<juiry*

and redress whatever they hall find neglected or transgrefied.

VIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judges and Justices of Assize, Judges and Justices of Gaol Delivery, and Great Sessions as aforesaid respectively, within their respective jurisdictions, £flzte, P° makea shall, at all Assizes and Sessions of Gaol Delivery and Great Sessions as aforesaid, which shall here 1 e n<luirf>

after be held by them, make Inquiry whether such Table of Fees, and Rules or Orders as aforesaid, are hung up, and remain public, to be resorted to in the several Gaols or Prisons within their, re spe6iive jurisdictions, and whether the same be duly complied with and observed; and shall inform and supply and redress themffilves touching the same in the belt Manner they can, and supply and redress whatever they whatlhall beneceflaryj shall find negle6led or transgrested relating thereto, and shall expressly give in Charge to every and charge the Grand Grand Jury impanelled and sworn before them respectively, to make Inquiries concerning the J "ry}°make in<lu "JCS same. m'

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Courts of King's Bench, Courts at Westminster, Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judges of Assize, and Justices of Great Sessions, and Justices of the

Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, and all Commissioners for charitable Uses, do, from oners fo/charitable uses. Time to Time, use their best Endeavours and Diligence to examine after and discover the several impowered to inquire Gifts, Legacies and Bequests, bellowed or given for the Benefit or Advantage of the poor Prisoners concerning Bequests to in the several Gaols or Prisons within their respective Jurisdictions; and they are hereby severally Poor Prisoners, authorised, within their respective Jurisdictions; send for, and cause to be brought before them to end or ay papers respectively any Deeds, Wills, Writings, Books of Account and Papers, as they shall receive In a"de

fore ation of to be in the Custody of any Person within their respective Jurisdictions, and to con s've 6

cern the Premises; and also may summon, and cause to come before them respectively, any Person or Persons who they shall have any just Reason to apprehend may be able to make any Discovery concerning the same; and they are hereby authorised, within their respective jurisdictions, to examine any such Person or Persons on Oath, in order to get at a true Discovery thereof, and to order and settle the Payment, Recovery and Receipt of any such Gift's, Legacies or Bequests, when so and to settle the pny discovered and ascertained, in such easy and expeditious Manner and Way as shall be thought pro m5nt' ?recohve»y an?, Re" per by them respectively, that the Prisoners for the future may not be defrauded, but may, withoutceipt0 uc s'

Delay

C. 28. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

Legacies and Bequests to the true Intent

Delay, receive the full Benefit of all such Gifts, of the respective Donors thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a List or Table of such Gifts, Legacies and Bequests, for the Benefit of the Prisoners in every Gaol or Prison respectively as aforesaid, shall, after every settling thereof, be transmitted by the Persons hereby authorised to settle the same, unto the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties or Places, and shall be registered by them respectively, in the Manner Tables of Fees and Orders are herein before directed to be registered by them respectively, without any See to be' paid for the same; and that a List or Table of such Gifts, Legacies and Bequests, shall be fairly written and transmitted, by order of such Persons as aforesaid, to the Gaoler or Keeper of every Gaol or Prison to which the Gifts, Charities or be anmvl T'!" [mt luei^ therein contained relate, and forthwith after the Receipt thereof shall be hung up by the

Table of benefactions to be transmitted to, and tegiftered by the Clerks of the Peace,

and air to the Gaolers of the Prisons to which the same relate,

public Place of i' Prisons.

Abuses, the Court, c. upon Petition of the Prisoners, is to examine into the same in a summary >vay;

Gaoler or Keeper, who shall receive the same, in a conspicuous Manner in some public Place in his Gaol or Prison, and where the Prisoners in such Gaol or Prison may have free and easy Resort thereto, as Occasion may require, without Fee; and it shall be the Duty of every such Gaoler or Keeper, to take Care that every such Lists or Table of Gifts which shall be transmitted to any such Gaol or Prison, or a true Copy thereof, shall, from Time to Time thereafter, be kept hung up as aforesaid in his respective. Gaol or Prison.

XI. And, for the more speedy punishing Gaolers, Bailiffs and others employed in the Execution of Process, for Extortion, or other Abuses in their respective Offices and Places, Be it fur

where Gaolers, Bailiffs there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Petition, in Term Time, of any Prisoner or others, shall be guilty or Person being, or having been, under Arrest or in Custody, complaining of any Exaction or Ex

6( Extortion or other tortion by any Gaoler, Bailiff or other Officer or Person, in or employed in the keeping or taking

Care of any Gaol or Prison or other Place, where any such Prisoner or Person under, or having been under, Arrest or in Custody, by any Process or Action, is or shall have been carried, or in re spe£t of the arresting or apprehending any Person or Persons, by virtue of any Process, Atftion or Warrant, or of any other Abuse whatsoever committed or done in their respective Offices or Places, unto any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, from whence the Process issued, by which any Person who shall so petition was arrested, or under whose Power or Jurisdiction any such Gaol, Prison or Place is; or in Vacation Time, to any Judge of any such Courts at Westminster, from whence any such Process so issued; to the Judges of Assize, or Justices of Great Sessions, in their respective Circuits; or to the Judge or Judges of any other Court of Record, where any Prisoner or rer son being, or having been, under Arrest or in Custody, was arrested or in Custody by Process issued out of, or Action entered in, any such other Court of Record within that Part of Great Britain called England; and if within the Principality of Wales, or County Palatine of Chester, then to the Justices at some Great Sessions to be held for the County in the Principality of Wales, or for the County Palatine of Chester, where any such Prisoner or Person being, or having been under Arrest of in Custody, was arrested or in Custody., in the said Principality of Wales, or County Palatine of Chester; every such Court, Judges of Assize, and Justices of Great Sessions, and Judge and Judges of all inferior Courts of Record, are hereby authorised and required respectively, within their feve atwlmake such Order ral Jufifditftions, to hear and determine the same in a summary Way, and to make such Order thereupon, forredreffng thereupon for redeffing the Abuses which shall, by any such Petition, be complained of, and for pu the Abuse, and pumfh: ng njftjing such Officer or Person complained against, and for making Reparation to the Party or Parties injured, as they shall think just, together with the full Costs of every such Complaint; and all Orders and Determinations which shall be thereupon made by any of the said Courts, or any of the said Judges, Justices of Assize, Justices of Great Sessions, Judge or Judges of any such inferior Court as aforesaid respectively, in such summary Way as is herein prescribed, shall have the Same Effect, Force and Virtue, and Obedience' thereunto maybe enforced by the respective Court?, Judges, Justices of Assize, Justices of Great Sessions, Judge or Judges of any such inferior Court, by Attachment, or in any other Manner, as other Orders of the said respective Courts, Judges, Justices of Affifcc and Great Sessions, Judge or Judges of inferior Courts of Record, may be enforced.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. no Gaoler or Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, or other Pc; soil thereto belonging, shall demand, take or receive, direcftly or indirectly, of any Prisoner or Friloners, for Debt, Damages, Costs or Contempt, any other or greater Fee or Fees whatsoever for his, her or their Commitment, or coming into Gaol, Chamber Rent there, Release or Discharge, than what shall he mentioned or allowed in the List or Table of Fees which is or shall be settled, enrolled and registered as aforesaid; that every Sheriff, Under She

off.cers offending against riff. Bailiff of any Liberty, Bailiff, Sergeant at Mace, Gaoler and other Officer and Personas afore1 thfs Act, 10 so ieit >5ol. who shall. in any. wise offend against this act, shall, for every such Offence against this present (exciuftveo other IV (over and above such Penalties or Punishments as he or they shall be liable unto by the Laws

now in Force) forfeit and pay to the Party thereby aggrieved the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered with treble Costs of Suit, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster > wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And for the Ease and Relief of Prisoners who shall he charged in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and who shall be willing to satisfy their respective Creditors so far as they are able; Be it further enacted by the

the Offender, as they shall think just j and rr.ayinforcc Obedience to such Orders.

Gaoler te take no oath Fees than what shall be allowed in the authenticated Tabic offees,

ano Sheriffs 2nd other

aultics) to th grieved.

1 'arty aga,

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28.

Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifteenth Day of yune one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, if any Person or Persons shall be charged in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one hundred Pounds, or on which Execution or Executions there shall at any Time remain due, as shall be made appear by Oath, a Sum or Sums of Money not amounting to above the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall be minded to deliver up to his, her or their Creditor or Creditors who shall so charge him, her or them in Execution, all his, her or their Estate and efte&s, for or towards the Satisfaction of the Debt or Debts wherewith he, she or they shall so land charged; it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Prisoner, before the End of the first Term which shall be next after any such Prisoner shall be charged in Execution by his Creditor or Creditors, to exhibit a Petition to any Court of Law, from whence the Process issued upon which any such Prisoner was or were taken and charged in Execution as aforesaid, or to the Court into which any such Prisoner shall be removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall be charged in Custody, and shall remain in the Prison thereof, certifying the Cause or Causes of his, her or their Imprisonment; not only setting forth in every such Petition a just and true Account of all the Real and Personal Estate which he, she or they so petitioning, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, is, was, or were entitled to at the Time of his, her or their so petitioning, and of all Incumbrances and Charges (if any there be) afledling. any such Real or Personal Estate

377

Debtor charged in Execution for any Sum or Sunn not excelling too I. c.

may exhibit a Petition to the Court,

certifying therein the Causes of his imprisonment,

with a Schedule of Iris Real and Personal Estate at the Time,

of the Person or Persons so petitioning, but also a just and true Account of all the Real and Per j!nd Charges aftefling the same,

and also the State of Ilia Effects at the Time of his first Imprisonment,

fonal Estate which any such Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, was or were interested in, or entitled to, at the Time of his, her or their first Imprisonment, in the Action in which such Person is charged in Execution, either in possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, to the best of the Belief of every such Prisoner or Prisoners, and so far as his, her or their respective Knowledge extends concerning the same; and likewise a just and true Account of all Securities wherein any Part of the Estates of any such Prisoner or Prisoners conlifts, and of all the Deeds, Evidences, Writings, Books, Bonds, Notes, and Papers, concerning the same or relating thereto; and the Names and Places of Abode of the wit nelles to all Securities, Bonds, or Notes, and where they are to be respectively met with, so far as his, her or their Knowledge extends concerning the same: And before any such Petition from any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be received by any such Court, every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall give or leave, or cause to be given or left, unto and for all and every the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall stand charged in Execution as aforesaid, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, and at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, or to or for his, her or their Attorney or Agent last employed in any such Atftion, Suit, Cause or Causes, in case any such Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their executors or Administrators, cannot be met with, but not otherwise, fourteen Days at least before any such Petition shall be presented and received, a Notice in Writing, signed with the proper Name or Mark of every such Prisoner or Prisoners, importing therein, That such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, doth or do intend to petition the Court from whence the Process issued, upon which he, she or they stand charged in Execution, or into the Prison to which any such Prisoner shall have been removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall stand charged in Execution on any Judgement, recovered on any Bill or Declaration filed or delivered in any such Court; and also setting forth in every such Notice or Writing, a true Copy of the Account or Schedule, including the whole Real and Personal Estate of the Person or Persons so defining to petition, which he, she or they doth or do intend to deliver into any such Court (other than and except the necessary Wearing Apparel and Bedding of the Prisoner or Prisoners, and his, her or their Family, and the Tools or instruments of his, her or their Trade or Calling, not exceeding ten Pounds in Value of the Whole); and an Affidavit of the due Service of every such Notice shall be delivered with every such Petition, at the Time of presenting thereof, and openly read in the Court to which any such Petition shall be addressed: if such Court shall thereupon be satisned of the Regularity of every such Notice, such, Petition shall be received, and such Court shall thereupon, by Order or Rule of the same Court, cause the Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning to be brought up to such Court, on some certain Day in such Order or Rule to be specified, and the Creditor, or several Creditors, at whose Suit any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall stand charged in Execution as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, to be summoned to appear personally, or by his, her or their Attorney in such Court, at some certain Day to be specified in such Rule or Order for that Purpose: if any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall be so summoned, his or her Executors or Administrators, shall appear in Person, or by his, her or their Attorney; or if any such Creditor or Creditors, his, or her Executors or Administrators, shall refuse or neglect to appear in Person, or by his, her or their Attorney, then upon Affidavit of the due Service of such Rule or Order on him, her or them, or his, her or their Attorney, if any such Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, cannot be met with such Court shall in a summary Way examine into the Matter of every such Petition, and hear what can or shall be alleged on either Side for or against the Discharge of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall so petition; and upon such Examination every such Court is hereby required to administer or tender to the Prisoner or Prisoners respectively who shall so petition, and give such previous Notice thereof as herein before is directed, an Oath to the Eftedh following: That is to say.

an J the Securities, Bonds, Notes, and Books, relating thereto, with the Names and Places of Abode of the Wirnefies,

14 Days previous Notice of such intended Petition to be given to the Creditor, or his Attorney, at whose suit he is charged in Execution;

with a Copy of the Schedule he intends to deliver into Court.

Affidavit of the due. Service of such Notice to be delivered at the same Timeiwith the Pcition into Court, and read openly;

and a Rule to be made, upon receiving the Petition, for bringing the Prisoner into Court, and summoning the Creditor, &tc.

and the Creditor appearing or not appearing thereto,

Oath being made of the due Service of the Rule,

the Court to examine into the Matter of the Petition in a summary Way;

and administer the Oath following to the Prisonu.

I AB,

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II.

373

C 28.

A.D. 1758.

The Oath,

1a. B. do fweur, in the Presence of Almighty God, That the Account by my Petition presented to this Honourable Court, doth contain a full and 1

me set forth in the true Account of the

Real and Personal Estate, Debts, Credits and Effects whatsoever, which I, or any in Trust for nie at the Time of my first Imprisonment in this Action, or at any Time fmee had, or w, s in any respect entitled to, in post ession, Reverficm or Remainder (except the Wearing Apparel and Bedding ot or for me and my Family, and the Tools or Instruments of my Trade or Calling, not exceeding ten Pounds in Value in the Whole) and also an Account how much of my Real and Personal Estate, Debts, Credits or Effects, hath since been disposed of, released or discharged, and how, to whom, and on what Consideration, and for what Purpose, and how much thereof I or any Person or Persons in Trust for me have, or at the Time of my preferring my said Petition to this Honourable Court had, or which I am or was, or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Use, is any ways interested in or entitled to, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and also a true Account of all Deed, Writings, Books, Papers, Securities, Bonds, and Notes relating thereto, and where the same respectively now are, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, and what Charges are now aftedting the Real Estate 1 am now foiled of or entitled to (if any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be then seized of any Real Estate) and that I have not, at any Time before or since my Imprisonment, directly or indirectly sold, leased, assigned, mortgaged, pawned, or otherwise disposed of, or made over in Trust for myself, or otherwise than is mentioned in such Account, any Part of my Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Estates, Goods, Stock, Money, Debts, or other Real or Personal Estate, whereby to have or accept any Benefit, Advantage, or Profit, to myself or my Family, or with any View, Design, or Intent to deceive, injure or defraud any of my Creditors to whom I am indebted

'So help me God.

signecs of commissioners of Bankrupts; and no Relate of the Prisoner, subsequent to such Aflicnment, may

such a^tton! a' o7suvttvhich

Court may thereupon And in case any Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid shall in open Court take the said Oath, such Court order an Alignment to in which any such Oath as aforesaid shall be taken, may then immediately order the Messuages, be made, n the Back f j^ands, Tenements, Goods and Effects contained in such Account, or so much of them as may be phfcner's°estate and Efficient to satisfy the Debt or Debts wherewith any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall stand charged Effects, and conveyed to in Execution, and the Fees due to the Warden, Marshal, or Keeper of the Gaol or Prison from the Creditor, c. which any such Prisoner was brought, to be, by a short Endorsement on the Back of such Petition, and to be signed by the Prisoner, assigned and conveyed to the Creditor or Creditors who shall h..vo charged any such Prisoner in Execution (if more than one) his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Benefit of him, her or them, who shall have so charged any such the same to be subject to Prisoner in Execution (subject nevertheless to all prior Incumbrances affecting the same); and the prior encumbrances, Estate, Interest or Property of all Messuages, Lands, Goods, Debts, Estates and effets which shall belong to any such Prisoner, shall by such Alignment and Conveyance as aforesaid, be vested in the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment and Conveyance shall be made, according to the c^edltfr may ther^ufpon Estate and Interest such Prisoner or Prisoners had therein respectively; the Creditor or credi hke^lanner as Af c tors to wh°m any such Assignment and Conveyance shall be made, shall and may take Polfenion of, and sue in his, her or their Name or Names for the Recovery thereof, in like Manner as Assignees of Commissioners of Bankrupts can or may sue for the Recovery of the Estates and Effects of Bankrupts which shall be assigned and conveyed to them; and no Release of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, his or her Executors or Administrators, or any Trustee for him, her or them, subsequent to such Alignment and Conveyance, shall be pleadable, or be allowed of in Bar of any Action or shall be commenced by any such Assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoner or Pri — Court thereupon to make fbners, for the Recovery of any of his, her or their Estate or Effects; and upon every such Assign 3 Rule for Discharge of ment and Conveyance being executed by any: such Prisoner or Prisoners, he, she or they shall be the Prisoner j discharged out of Custody by Rule or Order of such Court, which shall be petitioned by any such Prisoner; and such Rule or Order being produced to, and a Copy thereof being left with, any such Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison as aforesaid, shall he a sufficient Warrant to him to discharge every such Prisoner or Prisoners, if charged in Execution, or detained for the Cnufcs mentioned m and theshcriftor Gaoler, his, her or their respe<stive Petition, and no other: And every such Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper is hereby bung served with a Copy required, on having such Order produced to him, and a Copy thereof left with him, to discharge r)ner°a'/iber' nn etat ^'berty forthwith every such Prisoner and Prisoners who shall be ordered as aforesaid to

be so discharged, without taking any Fee, or detaining him, her or them in respect of any Demand of any such Sheriff', Warden, Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper, for or in respect of Chamber Rent or Lodging, or otherwise; for or in respect of any Fees theretofore claimed or due to any such shc sheriff not liable to Ac riff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or any employed by or under him or them: And no such Sheriff, Gaoler tion of ee ape thereupon. or Keeper shall afterwards be liable to any Action of Escape, or other Suit or Information on that Alienee to make Sale of Account, or for what he shall do in pursuance of this at; and the Person or Persons to whom the ef!art and Efifcfts of tjlc Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be assigned and conveyed, shall with

all convenient Speed sell and dispose of the Estates and Effects of every such Prisoner which shall and make a Dividend ac f0 assigned and conveyed, and shall divide the net Produce of all such Estates and Eflcdb amongst lordingly amongst the the Creditors of every such Prisoner and Prisoners, if more than one, who shall have charged any < such Prisoner in Execution, before the Time of such prisoner's Petition to be discharged shall have But if the Creditor fivw been presented, rateably and in Proportion to their respetstive Debts; but in case the Person or Cause ofdiivhcving the persons at whole Suit any such Prisoner or Prisoners flood charged in Execution as aforesaid, shall

l'1 ifo.net s o.ith,0 3

not

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28-. 579

not be satisfied with the Truth of any such prisoner's Oath, and shall either personally, or by his, her or their Attorney, if he, she or they cannot personally attend, and Proof shall be made thereof to the Satisfaction of any such Court as aforesaid, desire further Time to inform him, her or themselves of the Matters contained therein, any such Court may remand any such Prisoner or Prisoners, and and desire further Time direct him her or them, and the Person or Persons difi atisfied as aforesaid with such Oath, to appear cojrt^sto^mand the either in Person, or by his, her or their Attorney, on some other Day to be appointed by such said p°ujnerbacktoafur court, sometime at furthest within the first Week of the Term next following the Time of such there Day. Examination, but sooner if any such Court shall so think fit; and all Objections which shall be objections to the Form made as to the Infufnciency in Point of Form against any prisoner's Schedule of his Estates and Ef of the Schedule, to be feels, shall be only made the first Time any such Prisoner shall be brought up; and if at such fe made t the first Time cond Day which shall be appointed, the Creditor or Creditors dissatisfied with such Oath mall make the Prisoner is brought Default in appearing, either in Person, or by his, her or their Attorney, or in case he, she or they creditor not appearing shall appear, if he, she or they shall be unable to discover any Estate or Effects of the Prisoner omit the second Day, or not ted in the Account let forth in such his or her Petition; then and in any such Case such Court making a further disco shall, by Rule or Order thereof, immediately cause the said Prisoner or Prisoners to be discharged, very; upon such Prisoner or Prisoners executing such Assignment and Conveyance of his or her Estates ^d'h'"^o^the^ and Effects, in Manner as Alignments and Conveyances of Prisoners Estates and Effects are herein p^foney 3^6 ° 12

before directed to be made, unless such Creditor or Creditors who shall have charged any such Pri unless the Creditor infill foner or Prisoners in Execution as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, doth or upon his Detention, do insist upon such Prisoner or Prisoners being detained in Prison, and shall agree by Writing signed nd covenant to allow with his, her or their Name or Names, Mark or Marks, or under the Hand of his, her or their At lins' 4d perweek 5 torney, in case any such Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators shall be out of England, to pay and allow weekly a Sum not exceeding two Shillings and fourpence, as

any such Court shall think, fit, unto the said Prisoner, to be paid every Monday in every Week, so

long as any such Prisoner shall continue in Prison in Execution at the Suit of any such Creditor or Creditors; and in every such Case, every such Prisoner and Prisoners shall be remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from whence he, she or they was or were ((brought up, there to continue in Execution be ordt

Term Time to the Uourt where the duit in which any ili L munu man m L ah.uuuh upon Application to the

was commenced, or shall have been carried on, or in the Prison of which Court any such Prisoner court to be discharged, shall stand committed on any Habeas Corpus, or in Vacation time, to any judge of any such Court, may by the Order of any such Court or Judge be discharged out of Custody on every such Execution; Proof being made before such Court or Judge on Oath of the Nonpayment for any Week of the Sum of Money ordered and agreed to be weekly paid; but every such Prisoner and Prisoners, upon executing such Af

before he, she or they shall be so discharged cut of Custody by any such Rule or Order, shall execute fisnl71ent and Convey

an Assignment and Conveyance of his, her or their Estates and Effects, in Manner herein before p^fone/refusing to take directed: And if any Prisoner who shall petition or apply for his or her Discharge under this at, the Oath, or being de shall refuse to take the said Oath herein before directed to be taken, or taking the same shall after tected of Falsity tnciein, wards be detected before any such Court or Judge of Falsity therein, or shall refuse to execute such or lefufing to execute an Assignment and Conveyance of his, her or their Estates and Effects as aforesaid, as herein before is c. of his

required to be made by him, her or them respectively, he, she or they shall be presently remanded execution conunue and continue in Execution.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where more Creditors than one shall Where more Creditors charge any Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, and shall define to have such Prisoner or Prisoners than on; 011 detained in Prison, each and every such Creditor and Creditors shall only respectively pay such Prisoner s Detention,

weekly sum of Money, not exceeding one Shilling and six Pence a Week, on every Monday in every Week to or for such respective Prisoner, as the Court before whom any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be brought up to be discharged shall at the Time of his, her or their being remanded, on such Note for the Payment of the weekly Sum ordered to be paid being given, direct or apppoint.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifteenth Prisoner charged in Exe

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, where any Prisoner or Prisoners shall be o^e^gan^difian^ from charged in Execution in any County Gaol, or in any other Gaol or Prison above the Space of Westminster, to proceed

twenty Miles distant from Westminster Hall, or the Court or Courts out of which the Execution or in like Manner by peti

Executiofis shall be issued out against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, then upon Petition being made tion and Affidavit;

by any such Prisoner or Prisoners to the Court from whence any such Execution against any such Prisoner or Prisoners ifiucd, or in the Prison of which Court any such Prisoner shall be and statid

charged in Execution, in the like Form and Manner as the Petitions herein before mentioned of

Prisoners are directed to be made, and on an affidavifto the Purport as Affidavits are herein before directed to be made in the Case of Prisoners in Gaol not above twenty Miles distant from the Court

out of which the Execution against such Prisoner issued, being made and left with such Petition,

such Court (on being satisfied with the Truth of such Affidavit) is hereby authorised and required

to make a Rule or Order to cause the Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, to be brought to the next and the court to make

ash/.es which shall be held for the County or Place where he, she or they shall be imprisoned, if a Rule thereupon forim

the same shall be within that Part of Great Britain called England; and if within the Principality to dic

Wales, or County Palatine of Chester, then to cause such Prisoner or Prisoners to be brought to thpnc*'us,

next Great Sessions to be held for the County in vales, or County Palatine of che/lcr, in which

C C C 2, any

they are to pay him each not exceeding i s. 6d. per Week.

i

So

C 28. Anno tricesimo secundo geopvgii II A.D. 1758.

ts. rer Mile to be pkl y such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be imprisoned; the Expense of bringing every such Prisoner

to ih. gacler for his E 7 - K. 5 - -- -7

fences out of the Prifo* net's Eifate;

r by the Treasurer of the County.

Creditors to be fair.

noned.

sud i Copy of the Rule ierveit on them j

snd uron Affidavit made of such Service, the Court to 3t>poitit a Time ror hearing the Matter of the Petition j

and the Creditors appearing thereto, or not.

Proof being made of their being duly served with the Notice, and Copy of the Schedule of the t'risoner's Efface, the Court to proceed therein in a summary. Wav;

find administer the Oah to the Prisoner; make such Order in the prertiiftes as shall seem mere, and proceed a's aforesaid concerning the i'risoner's Discharge.

Oder to ffand good, and to ente.cd upon Record.

Prisoner refuting to deliver up Ins Effate and fscfts to latt fy his ctci tors,

/ i»1 O J J

to any such Affixes, nor exceeding one Shilling a Mile, shall be paid to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Officer, who shall bring any such Prisoner to any such Affixes or Great Sessions, in Obedience to any such Rule or Order as aforesaid served on him, out of every such prisoner's Estate or effects, if the same shall be sufficient to pay such Expense; and if not, then such Expense shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division or Place in which any such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, out of the Stock of the County, Riding, Division or Place, as the same shall be allowed, directed or ordered, by any such Court frum which any such Execution shall have been issued against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, or in the Prison of which any such Prisoner shall be, by one or more of the Judge or Judges of Affixe, Justice or Justices of Great Sessions: the Creditor, or several Creditors, nis, her or their Executors or Administrators, at whole Suit any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall stand charged in Execution as aforesaid, shall by Rule or Order of the Court from whence the Process issued, be summoned to appear at the said next Affixes or Great Sessions, if such Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their exccutors or Administrators can be met with; and if not, then the Attorney last employed for such Creditor or Creditors shall be summoned to appear there; and a Copy of every such Rule or Order shall he served on every of such Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or be left at his, her or their dwelling house or usual Place of Abode, or with his, her or their Attorney last employed as aforesaid, fourteen Days at least before the holding of any such Affixes or Great Sessions; and on an Affidavit of such Service thereof being laid before the Judge or Judges of Affixe, Justice or Justices of Great Sessions as aforesaid. Judge or Judges of Affixe, Justice or Justices of Great Sessions respectively, on being satisfied with the Truth of such Affidavit, is and are hereby required to appoint a Time for hearing the Matter upon every such Petition as aforesaid, on some certain Day and Time, on the Crown Side of every such Court or Great Sessions, during such Affixes or Great Sessions; and upon theappear ance there of the Creditor or Creditors who shall be summoned in pursuance of this act, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or in Default of the Appearance, either in Person or by Attorney, of the Party or Parties who shall have been summoned so to appear, then on Proof of his, her or their being duly served with the Notice hereby required to be given, and a Copy of the Account of the Real and Personal Estate of the Prisoner or Prisoners desiring to be discharged being comprised in such Notice, and also of the Rule of such Court for his, her or their Appearance at such Affixes or Great Sessions, having been duly served as herein before is directed, the Judge or Judges of such Affixes or Great Sessions respectively, as the Case shall happen to be, shall there in a summary Way, examine into the Matter of every such Petition, and hear what can or shall be alleged on either Sine, for or against the Discharge of the Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning; and upon every such Examination such Judge and Judges of Assize and Great Sessions respectively, or any one of them, is and are hereby empowered and requited respectively, within their respective j.urisdictions, to administer or tender to every such Prisoner, the same Oath as herein before is directed and appointed to be taken by any Prisoner, before the Judges of the Court out of which the Process, upon which any such Prisoner was taken in Execution, issued; such said Judge or Judges of Affixe, Justice or Justices of Great Sessions respectively, or any one of them, is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to make such Order in the premisses as to him or than shall seem meet, and to proceed in the same Manner concerning the Discharge of any Prisoner or Prisoners in any Prison within their respective jurisdictions, and to give the same Judgement, Relief and Directions relating thereto, as any Court out of which any Process shall iitue against any such Prisoner as aforesaid, is herein before empowered and directed to do: And every Order which shall be made in the premisses by any such Judge or Judges of Affixe or Great Sessions, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made in the Court out of which the Process issued on which any such Prisoner was charged in Execution; and the same shall be made a Record of the Proceedings at such Assizes or Great Sessions, as the Case shall happen to he, and a Copy thereof shall from thence he transmitted to the Court from whence the Execution against the Prisoner or Prisoners discharged issued, or was awarded, signed by the Judge or Judges of Assize or Great Sessions to be a. Record of the said Court, and to be kept as such amongst the other Records thereof.

XVI. And whereas it sometimes happens that Persons who are Prisoners in Execution in Gaol for Debt or Damages, will rather spend their Substance in Prison, than discover and deliver up the same towards satisfying their Creditors their just Debts, or so much thereof as such Substance will extend to pay; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Prisoner now committed to any Prison or Gaol, and charged in Execution for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, besides Costs of Suit, shall not, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, make Satisfaction to the Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, at whole Suit any such Prisoner shall be so charged in Execution for such Debt or Damages, and the Costs of such Suit; or if any Prisoner, who after the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine shall be committed or charged in Execution in any Prison or Gaol, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, btfides Costs of Suit, shall not within three Months next after every such Prisoner, after the said fifteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall be committed or charged in Execution as aforesaid, make Satisfaction to his, her or their Creditor or Creditors, who shall charge any such Prisoner in Execution as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors or Administrators

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28. 381

for such Debt, Damages and Costs; and in.nqy of the said Cases, any such Creditor Creditors may compel or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or administrators, is and are hereby authorised and im such Prisoner to ke powered to require every such respective Prisoner or Prisoners, on giving twenty Days Notice in brought up and deliver Writing to him or her respectively, that such Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or h'a.ft°atecand Eft'eas Administrators, design to compel any such Prisoner to give in to the Court at Law, from which the and the encumbrances Writ or Process issued on which any such Prisoner is or shall be charged in Execution as aforesaid, affecting the same, upon or into the Court in the Prison of which any such Prisoner hath been or shall be removed by Habeas °ath > 6ivins the Pri corpus, or shall remain or be charged in Execution, within the first seven Days of the Term which shall next infue the Expiration of the said twenty Days, in respect to any Prisoner charged in any ucl n' of the Prisons belonging to any of the Courts in Westminster Hall; and at the second Court which shall be held by any such other Court of Record after the Expiration of the said twenty Days, in resp eel to any Prisoner charged in any Prison belonging to any such other Court; and where any such Prisoner is or shall be charged in Executoin, in any County Gaol, or other Gaol or Prison, above the Space of twenty Miles distant from Westminster Hall, or the Court or Courts out of which the Writ or Process on which any such Prisoner is or shall be so charged in Execution issued, or shall issue; to give in upon Oath, at the aftizes or Great Sessions as aforesaid, and on the Crown Side thereof, which shall be held for the County or Place in the Prison of which any such Prisoner shall be, next after the Expiration of such twenty Days from the Time of giving any such Notice as aforesaid to any such Prisoner, a true Account in Writing, and to be ligned with the proper Name or fylark. of every such Prisoner, of all the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, and of all Incumbrances affecting the same, to the befl of the Knowledge and Relief of such Prisoner, in order that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner may be devested out of him or her, and may by in order that his Estate the Court, Judge or Judges, Justice or Justices as aforesaid, be ordered to be assigned and conveyed, an Effects may be dein Manner and for the Purposes herein after declared: And every such Creditor or Creditors as Jm'ned and conve'cd^as aforesaid, who shall require any such Prisoner to be brought up as aforesaid, for the Purpose afore herein after direfod. said, shall also give twenty Days like Notice in Writing, of such his, her or their Intention, to Like Notice to be given require any such Prisoner to be brought up as aforesaid, to discover and deliver up his or her Estate such Intention to tjhe as aforesaid, to all and every other Creditor and Creditors of every such Prisoner, at whose Suit any other cf^ors» such Prisoner shall be detained or charged in Custody in any such Gaol or Prison, if such Prisoner shall be there detained in Custody, or charged in Execution at the Suit of any other Creditor or Creditors besides the Creditor or Creditors giving such Notice as aforesaid, if such other Creditor or Creditors can be found out or met with, and if not, then to the several Attorneys last employed in the respective Actions or Suits, in which any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be so detained or charged in Custody by any such other Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner; shall likewise and also to the Sheriff give a like Notice in Writing to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaol or Prison and Gaoler, in which any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be detained in Custody, or committed or charged in Execution as aforesaid, of such his or her Intention to have any such Prisoner so brought up, and to requiring them to bring require such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers respectively, to bring up every such Prisoner ac UP lu: h Prisoner« cordingly And every such Notice which shall be so given to any such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, shall be so given to him or them respectively, twenty Days at least before the Time appointed for any such Prisoner to be so brought up; and thereupon every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, who is to be brought ac gaoler or Keeper respectively, to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so given, shall at the cordingly a: the Colts of Costs of such Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, cause every such 1 e rej, tors

Prisoner to be brought, as by such Notice in Writing shall be required, to such Court, Assizes or Great Sessions as aforesaid, together with a Copy or Causes of his or her respective Detainer or Dc a coy I his Detainers there; and if any speh Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, on any such Notice in Wri tainer

Sheriff or Gaoler making

such Court, Assizes, or Great Sessions as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to bring the re the Pri - Charges, foner or Prisoners so required to be brought there as aforesaid, and at the Time he or she shall be so required to be brought there, together with a Copy of his, her or their Detainer or Detainers in any such Gaol or Prison; such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler and Keeper, who shall so offend forfeit ao!. to the Party in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be a8snwd> recovered by the Party aggrieved by Action of Debt, Bill or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if any such Offence shall be committed out of the said Principality of vales, or County Palatine of Chester; and if any such Offence shall be committed in the Principality of ivales, or County Palatine of Chester, then in some Court of Record in the said piin eipality of ivales, or County Palatine of Chester, within the jurisdiction of which any such Offence with Treble Cells of shall be so committed, together with Treble Costs of Suit. suie<

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Prisoner charged, or Prisoner, upon Proof of who shall be charged, in Execution as aforesaid, and who in pursuance of this al shall, at the De due Nonce as aforesaid fire of any of his, her or their Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, on'

be brought up to any such Court, Assizes or Great sessions. as aforesaid, shall, on Proof being there oath tothvc ouna full made of such Notices as are herein before directed to be given having been given, deliver in sriiedulsof his Estate there in open Court, upon Oath, within the Time herein before for that Purpose prescribed, a, full, andeflefts, and flgredby true and just Account, Disclosure and Discovery, in Writing, of the whole of his or her Real and

Personal Estate, and of all Books, Papers, Writings and Securities, relating thereto, and also of all

Incumbrances

3s2 C 28. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

Incumbrances then affecting the same, and the respective Times when made, to the hest of his or her Knowledge and Belief (other than and except the necefury Wearing Apparel and Bedding 6f such Prisoner, and his or her Family, and the necessary Tools or Instruments of his or her respective Trade or Calling, not exceeding the Value of ten Pounds in the whole) which Account shall be subscribed with the proper Name or Mark of the Prisoner respectively who shall so deliver in the same; and on the delivering in of any such Account, the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner nd is to assign and con shall be assigned and conveyed by such Prisoner respectively, by a (hurt Indorsement on the Back of re> the pine in Trust, every such Account as shall be so delivered in, to such Person or Persons as the Court, Judge or Judges, ju(bice or Justices, in which, or to whom, any such Account shall be so given in, shall order or direct, in Trust, and for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors who shall har e required any such Prisoner to be brought up as aforesaid, and of such other Creditor or Cre itors (if any) of every such respective Prisoner at whole Suit or Suits any such Prisoner shall be charged in Custody, or in Execution in any such Prison or Gaol, and who shall, by any Memorandum or Writing to be signed by such Creditor or Creditors respectively, before any such Conveyance or Alignment shall be made, to his Dif consent to any such prisoner's being discharged out of Gaol or Prison, at his, her or their Suit or Suits, and also agree to take or accept a proportionable Dividend of such prisoner's Estate and Effects, with and to accept a proporti the Creditor or Creditors who hall have required any such Prisoner to be brought up as aforesaid; unable Dividend of his antl there shall lie no other Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid of such Prisoner, or there being any such, if such other Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid shall not agree in Writing to discharge such

for the Benefit of his Creditors,

they agreeing charge.

lft cdts;

but lf ieret^then^thet0 prier and accept such proportionable Dividend as aforesaid of the Estate and Effects of any such

Ting the Prisoner to be brought up for the purpose aforesaid. Overplusremaining after nil Charges, to be paid to the Prisoner.

Prisoner complying, to the Satisfaction of the Court, to be fst at Liberty;

Future y.ffedts of the Prisoner liable to Debts unsatisfied;

no Advantage to be taken of the Statute of

same to be in Trust, for Prisoner; then in Trust for the creditor or Creditors only who shall require any such Prisoner to be the Creditors only requi brought up for the Purpose aforesaid: by such Alignment and Conveyance as aforesaid, all the prisoner's Estate and Effects shall be vested in the Creditor or Creditors to whom the same shall be assigned and conveyed in Trust as aforesaid; if any Overplus shall remain of any such prisoner's Estate, after Payment of the Debt, or Damages and Costs, which shall be due to any Creditor or Creditors respectively at whose Suit or Suits any such Prisoner as aforesaid shall, in pursuance of this Act, be discharged out of Gaol or Prison, on delivering up his or her Estate and Effects as aforesaid, and all reasonable Charges expended in or by Means of getting in of such Estate or Effects, the same shall be paid to such Prisoner, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns: upon every such Discovery, Assignment and Conveyance, being made and executed by any such Prisoner, to the Satisfaction of the Court, Judge or Judges of aitize, Justice or Justices of Great Sessions, before whom the same shall be respectively made, every such Prisoner and Prisoners shall, by such Court, fudge or Judges, Justice or Justices, be discharged and set at Liberty, in the Actions and Charges, at the Suit of the Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, who shall require any such Prisoner to be so brought up, and also in the Actions and Charges of every other Creditor of any such Prisoner, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, who shall sign any such Consent as aforesaid, for any such prisoner's Discharge, with the same Benefit of making nib of such his or her Discharge, as is herein before provided for Prisoners seeking, and who shall obtain, their Discharge, under the Provisions contained in the former Part of this Act; and no paving for his Discharge greater Fee than two Shillings and six Pence in the whole, shall be paid or taken for any such Dif fcesas. 6d. charge, by all or any Officer or Officers of any such Courts, Assizes or Great Sections; and no

Stamp shall be necessary on any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid, or any Rule or Order, which shall be made for any such Discharge; but all the hiture Effects of every such Prisoner (other than and except the necessary Wearing Apparel and Bedding of such Prisoner, and his or her Family, and the necessary 'Pools or Instruments of his or her respective Trade or Calling) shall bd and remain liable to satisfy his or her Debts, if the same shall not be fully paid from his or her Eftati which shall be assigned and conveyed as aforesaid; no Advantage shall be had or taken in any Action or Suit which shall be hereafter commenced against any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, ex i. mitation, uniefshe w?.s ecutors or Administrators, for that the Cause of Action did not accrue within six Years next before luuvclivrged in custocd commencing of any such Action or Suit, unless such Prisoner was entitled to take such advan on the Oriiina] Suit.*tage before lie or she flood charged in Custody by virtue of the original Suit or Action; and in any such Case, the same may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or admini stralors: And if any Prisoner charged, or who shall be charged, in Execution, in any Prison 01 Gaol, and who shall be required as aforesaid to be brought up to any such Court, Assizes, or Grca1 Sessions as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver in and subscribe such just and true Account o his or her whole Estate and Effects in any such Court, or at any such Assizes, or Great Sessions a aforesaid, as the case may happen to be, within the Time herein before limited or appointed so the doing thereof, or within sixty Days then next following, without offering and making appea Ionic just Exeufe for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by the Court, Judge or Judge of Assize, Justice or Justices of Great Sessions as aforesaid, or who shall refuse to assign or convey his or her Estate and Effects, according to the Order of any such Court, Judge or Judges, Justic or Justices as aforesaid; or she so offending in any of the said Cases, and who shall be convictc of any such Offence upon any Indictment found against him or her, shall thereupon have Judgmcii for Transportation pronounced against him or her, and shall be trnnsported, according to the Law made and now in Force for Transportation of Felons, to fume of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the 'Perm of seven Years: And if any such Prisoner shall deliver in any false o untrue Account of his or her Estate or Effects, or shall designcjly conceal, and not insert in th \ Accoui

1'ruoacr negh cling or relufing to deliver in a s>cl: idule of his Estate and Effects,

or lo make an Alignment and Conveyance theicui,

to be iransporlcj for 7 Ye. rs;

ni d deliverin' isla false

vl.ei.unt,

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28.

° 8

>, Papers, Securities or his or her Creditor or

Account he or she shall deliver in and subscribe as aforesaid, any Eooks,

Writings, relating to his or her Estate and Effects, with Intent to defraud

Creditors, and shall be thereof convicted on any Indictment found against him or her in respect thereof; he or file so offending and being convicted as aforesaid thereof, shall suffer the Pains and to suffer the Pains and Penalties which by Law are to be inflicted on any Person convicted of wilful Perjury. Penalties of wilful Perjury.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Pen'ons convicted©sper who shall take any Oath as by this Act is required to be taken, shall, upon any Indictment for Per iul'y> to fufler in like jury, be convicted by his, her or their own Confession, or by Verdict of twelve lawful Men; therianner>

Person so convicted shall suffer the Pains and Forfeitures which by Law are to be inflicted on any Person convicted of wilful Perjury; and shall likewise be liable to be taken on any Process de novo, and be liable to be taken and charged in Execution for the said Debt, in the same Manner as if he or she had not been dif on a Process de novo, charged, or not taken or charged in Execution before, and shall never after have the Benefit of this tj^aor ihe Debt" Act; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. and never h ve the

XIX. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the Effects of any Prisoner or ffthe vufonl^effects

Prisoners, which shall be aligned and conveyed in pursuance of this Act, shall not extend to satisfy ibali not satisfy his Debt, the whole Debt due to the Creditors as aforesaid of the Prisoner who shall be so discharged, and the and warden's Sees, c. Fees due to the Warden, Marshal or Gaoler, from any such Prisoner; then such Warden, Marshal Warden for. eeive only or Gaoler, shall only receive a proportionable Dividend from such Prisoners Estate, in respect ofa porportionai Dividend such Fees, pro Rata with the other Creditors as aforesaid of such Prisoner or Prisoners. With the there Creditors.'

XX. Provided further; and be it hereby also enacted, That the Prisoner or Prisoners who shall Pnloner discharged not

be so discharged by virtue of this Act, shall never after be arrested for the same Debt or Debts; nor forbthrfam^debtact, on shall any Action of Debt be brought against him, her or them, on any such Judgement, unless he, ., '

Ihe or they shall, under this Act, be convicted of wilful Perjury; but notwithstanding any Dif, uunrye.s convl e ° cr charge obtained by virtue of this Act for the Person of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, the Judge but t'he rudrment to re ment obtained against every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall continue and remain in Force, and Ex main in Force, and Execution may at any Time be taken out thereon against the Lands, Tenements, Rents or Heredita cut on maybe had merits. Goods or Chattels of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, other than and except the necessary thereon against his Estate Wearing Apparel and Bedding for him, her or themselves and Family, and the necessary Tools forand Eftetts* the Use of his, her or their Trade or Occupation, not exceeding ten Pounds in Value in the whole, as if he, she or they had never been before arrested, taken in Execution, and released out of Prison, by virtue of, or under this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Assignee or Assignees to assigne s may compound whom, by virtue of this Act, the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners discharged by this with the Creditors in lull Act shall be afllgned, is and are hereby empowered to make Composition with any Debtors or Ac Discharge of their Debcs; countants to such Prisoner or Prisoners where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to

take such reasonable Part of any Debt due, as can, upon any such Composition, be gotten, in full

Discharge of such Debt or Account; and also to submit any Difference or Dispute concerning any and submit Disputes repart

of any such prisoner's Estate of Effects, or by Reason or Means of any Matter, Cause or Thing lating to the prisoner's

relating thereto, or to such Prisoner or Prisoners, or in respect of any Debt claimed to be due to Estate and i)ebt3'&c*

such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators to be chosen by the to Arbitration, c.

said Assignee or Assignees, and the Party or Parties with whom any such Difference shall be; and if

such Arbitrators cannot agree in the same, then to submit the same to the Determination of any

Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matter in Difference or Dispute

between them, in such Manner as such Assignee or Assignees shall think fit, and can agree; and the the same to be binding

same shall be binding, as well to all other of the said Prisoner or Prisoners Creditors as aforesaid, to Creditors and Plilo-

who shall have charged him, her or them, in Custody or Execution, as also to every such Prisoner ners'

and Prisoners; and every such Assignee and Assignees is and are indemnified for what he or they Assignees indemnified

fhr.ll fairly, and without any fraudulent Design, do in the premisses, according to the Direction of therem*

this Act.

XXII. And, to the Intent the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be truly and fairly applied, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the respective Courts at t'/ejbninjln, from whence any Process on Complaint to Court issued upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or we re charged in Execution, and whose of any Inefficiency, Estate and Effects in pursuance of this Act shall have been assigned as by this Act is directed, or where Fraud Malmanagement, any such Prisoner shall have been charged in Execution by Process issued out of any other Court, it shall °*eotj^5 ^j'bel, avluul cf be lawful for the judges of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or any one of t C 11&ne '

them, from Time to Time, on the Petition of any Creditor of such Prisoner or Prisoners who had charged any such Prisoner in Execution, or of such Prisoner or Prisoners, to any such Court, or any Judge thereof, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement or other Misbehaviour of any such Assignee or Assignees, to order the respective Parties concerned to attend such Court or tf, e Parties to bordered Judge on the Matter of every such Petition, at some certain Time in such Order to be mentioned; to attend the Court and every such Court at Westminster, and also every Judge thereof, on hearing the Parties concerned thereon; and the Court

Benefit

On Removal of any af signees, the piilor.er's euate and Efrefts to be veiled in and delivered over to the new af signets.

Where mutual Credit hath been given.

the aittgnees may only Rate the Account and demand the Balance.

None entitled to the Benefit of this Act who have taken or shall take the Benefit of any act of Insolvency; unless compelled by a Creditor to deliver up his Estate and Effects.

This Act not to extend to Scotland,

C 29. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii TL A.D. 1758.

Benefit of the respective Creditors as aforesaid of such Prisoner or Prisoners, as any of the said Courts at Westminster, or Judges there, respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or Displacing of any Assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or Assignees, the Ertate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall from thenceforth be diverted out of the Assignee or af signees so removed or displaced, and be verted in, and delivered over to, the new Assignee or af signees, in the same Manner and for the like Intents and Purposes, as the same were before verted in the former Assignee or Assignees.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all and every Case and Cases where mutual Credit shall have been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged under this Act, and any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery Of any Schedule ot Inventory of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath, as by this Act is herein before directed; then and in every such Case the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall have Power, and is and are hereby required, on his or their Part or Parts, to rtate and allow an Account between them; and nothing more shall be deemed to be verted by any Assignment which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, as the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to have been due to him, her or them respectively, and to be justly coming to him, her or them on or for the Balance of such Account when truly rtated.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, who hath or haye already taken or shall hereafter take the Benefit of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, or be deemed to be within the Meaning hereof, so as to gain any Discharge, unless compelled by any Creditor to discover and deliver up his or her Estate and Effects; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Preamble reciting Clause in Act. 31 Geo. a, ^, 36.

Gaugers, c, impowered to take Samples gratis of Spirituous Liquors, not exceeding halt a Pint out of each Cafic; and Importers, &c. allowed to take a like Quantity as Samples also, before the Landing thereof j

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further regulating the Power of taking Samples of Foreign Spirituous Liquors by the Officers of Excise, also for impowering the Traders to take such Samples before the Duties are charged.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An del for continuing certain Laius therein mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and to the Encouragement of the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; and to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Foreign Exciseable Liquors; and for the Relief of IS ho mas Watson, with regard to the Drawback on certain East-india Callicoes; and for rendering more coin modious the neiu Passage leading from Charing Cross, in order to enable the Gaugers or Officers of Excise the better to ascertain the Proof of all Foreign imported Liquors liable to the Duties of Ex 4 cife, it was enacted, That it should be lawful to and for the Gaugers or Officers of the Excise at any Time or Times to take a Sample or Samples (not exceeding one Quart in the Whole) out of each of the Calks, or other Package, containing such Foreign Spirituous Liquors, paying for such Sample or Samples of Liquors after the Rate of sixteen Shillings per Gallon: And whereas the taking so great a Quantity as a Quart out of each of the said Casks or other Package is unne ceflary, and the paying for the same at the before mentioned Rate will be detrimental to the Rc 4 venue: And whereas till of late the Importers or Proprietors of such Foreign Spirituous Liquors, or their Factors or Agents, were permitted to take a Sample out of each Calk or other Package, and to land such Sample without paying any Duty for the same, by Means whereof they were enabled to, and did for the mod; part, sell such Foreign Spirituous Liquors whilst on Shipboard:

And whereas for some Time last part such Permission hath in many Instances been refused, which hath proved a great Inconvenience to the said Trade: For Remedy whereof, it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent ?Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Gaugers or other Officers of Excise, at any Time before the Gauging, to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding half a Pint in the Whole, out of each of the Casks, or other Package, containing such Spirituous Liquors, without paying for the same; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Importers or Proprietors of such Foreign Spirituous Liquors, their Factors or Agents, to take, in the Presence of one or more of the Gaugers or other Officers of Excise, a Sample or Samples, not exceeding Half a Pint in the Whole out of every Cask or other Package, containing such Spirituous Liquors, whilst the same shall be on Shipboard, and before the landing thereof, and to land such Sample or Samples, without paying any Duty for the same.

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 30.

385

II. Provided nevertheless, That still it shall and may be lawful for the said Officers of Excise Officers may also take to take the like Sample or Samples, not exceeding half a Pint in the Whole, out of each Cask or like Samples alter the other Package, containing such Spirituous Liquors, in any Shop, Warehouse, or other Place, be ridfbel"8 iodg<: i longing to any Dealer in the same, paying for such Sample or Samples (if demanded) accord foa/et'h°uj^c*pa>" ing to the Market Price Liquor of the like Quality shall be sold for at the lime such Sample or See farther u ceo a. Samples shall be taken. C »$.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the Town of ports mouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the thirty first Year of his Ma Preamble reciting Act jesty's Reign, (entitled An Act for vejling certain Messuages, 'Lands, "Tenements and Heredita 31 Geu. z. c. 39.

ments, for the better securing his Majestf s Docks, Ships, and Stores, Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Town of Portsmouth and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trustees for certain Uses, other Purposes therein mentioned) his Majesty was moult graciously pleased to issue '.a Commission by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the twenty seventh Day of July in the two and thirtieth Year of his Reign, to empower and authorise certain Persons therein named, or any five or more of them, to be Commissioners. putting in Execution the said Act, and did give to them, or any five or more of them, full Power and Authority to do, perform and execute all Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever in the said Act contained, thereby willing them, or any five or more of them,

from time to time, to proceed and act according to the Rules and Directions of the said Act of Parliament: And whereas by virtue of the said Commission, and in pursuance of the said Act, five or more of the said Commissioners, in the said Commission named, did on the eleventh Day of Sep tember in the said two and thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, meet pursuant to Notice thereof given and fixed up at the Dock Gate of his Majesty's Yard near the Town of Plymouth, and at the Townhall of the Borough of Plymouth, and likewise published in the London Gazette thirty Days and more before such Meeting, at the House of Timothy Bayley, known by the Name or Sign of The King's Arms in Plymouth Dock, and did then and there, in a summary Manner proceed and act by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses, Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, and by and upon the Inquest of twenty Good and lawful Men, substantial Gentle men and Freeholders of the County of Devon, impanelled, summoned and returned by Peter Comyns Esquire, Sheriff of the said County of Devon, to take the Inquest; of which Jury did upon their Oaths inquire into and present the true and real Value of the said Messuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Ail to be situate at Plymouth and Plymouth Dock, in the said County of Devon, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, and who respectively Were the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and their respective Estates and Interests therein; and thereupon, five or more of the said Commissioners then present did adjudge and de termine who respectively were the Owners and Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, at Plymouth and Plymouth Dock aforesaid, and their respective Estates and Interest therein, and in every Part and Parcel thereof, and what each respective Owner and Pro prietor thereof was entitled to for his respective Estate and Interest therein, amounting together to the Sum of twenty-five thousand one hundred fifty-nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and six Pence,

of lawful Money of Great Britain: And whereas by virtue of the said Commission, and in purfu ance of the said Act, five or more of the said Commissioners in the said Commission named did, on t the first Day of November in the said two an thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, meet pursuant to Notice given and fixed up at the Dock Gate of his Majesty's Yard at Chatham, and at the Town Hall of the City of Rochester, and likewise published in the London Gazette thirty Days and more before such Meeting, at the Guild Hall of the City of Rochester, and did then and there, in a sum mary Manner, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses, Inspection and Examination of Deeds,

Writings and Records, and by and upon the Inquest of fifteen good and lawful Men, substantial Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Kent, impanelled, summoned and returned, by Though mas ivitaker Esquire, Sheriff of the said County of Kent, to take the Inquest; upon their Oaths did inquire into and present the true and real Value of the Lands in the said Act mentioned to be situate in or near Chatham aforesaid, in the said County of Kent, and of every Part and Par cel thereof, and who respectively were the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and their respective and Interests therein, and thereupon five or more of the said Commissioners then present did adjudge and determine who respectively were the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Hereditaments in or near Chatham aforesaid, and their respective Estates and Interests therein, and in every Part and Parcel thereof, and what each respective Owner and Proprietor thereof was entitled to for his, her and their respective Estates and Interest therein, amounting together to the Sum of six hundred fifty-two Pounds and ten Shillings of like lawful Money of Great Britain;

You VIII Ddd and

A Scm not excelling

34.s211- lss9d to be issued and applied out of the Aids granted for the service of the Year 1759. towards making Compensation to the Parties interested.

Bills to be made out for the respective Sums and Interest by the Surveyor General of the Ordnance,

and Debentures to be issued thereupon;

which ate to be paid by the'i'r.afurer of the Ordnance.

Where the Debentures shall be relufed to be accepted,

t'h y are to be dcpnfi ed V th the cle.k of the Pea e of the County, and Acquittances taken lot the same 5 and the Lands thereupon to vc!h to his Majesty's Uf*.

C 30. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

and the said Commissioners then present at the said Town hall of the said City of Rochester, upon the Complaint of several Persons, Owners of Lands adjoining to Part of the Lands by the said al veiled, that they had respectively received Damage by making the Fortifications there, did certify and estimate the respective Damages done to the respeil Lands of the several Persons complaining,

amounting together to the Sum of fifty-five Pounds and thirteen Shillings of like lawful Money of Great Britain: And whereas by virtue of the said Commission, and in pursuance of the said Ail,

five or more of the said Commissioners in the said Commission named did, on the first Day of ja i r.uary in the said two and thirtieth Year of his Majesty's. Reign, meet pursuant to Notice given and fixed up at the Dock Gate of his Majesty's Yard Portsmouth, and at the Townhall of

Portsmouth aforesaid, and likewise published in the London Gazette thirty Days and more before such Meeting, at the Gildhall* of the Borough of Portsmouth, and did then and there, in a summary Manner, by and upon the Testimony of witnesses, inspeilioiv and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records, and by and upon the Inquest of fourteen good and lawful Men, substantial Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Southampton, impanelled, summoned and returned, by Henry Compton Esquire, Sheriff of the said county of Southampton, to take the Inquest; who, upon their Oath, did inquire into and present the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments,

in the said Act mentioned to be respectively situate in the several parishes of ivimering, Portjca, C and Alverstoke, in the said County of Southampton, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, and who respectively were the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and their respective Estates and Interests; and thereupon five or more of the said Commissioners then present did adjudge and de termine who respectively were the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, at l vimcring, Portsea, and Alverstoke aforesaid, and their respective Estates and Inte rest therein, and in every Part and Parcel thereof, and what each respective Owner and Proprietor thereof was entitled to for his, her and their respective Interest therein, amounting together to the Sum of six thousand nine hundred thirty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and seven Pence half penny of lawful Money of Great Britain: And whereas by the said recited Act, Interest is di redled to be paid for the gross Sum which should be afielfed for the real Value of the Lands and Hereditaments aforesaid: for making Compensation to the said Owners and Proprietors, and for the more effectual carrying the said al into Execution, May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commoits, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of thirty-four thousand five hundred twenty-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and nine Pence, for and towards making a reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, who at the Time of making the said al were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors of the messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the said Aci mentioned, according to their several Estates and Interests therein, in Possession, Reversions Remainder or otherwise': > <' '

And to the Intent that all and (ingdlar1 the Proprietors aforesaid may be paid for their respective Estates and Interest, all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as they have been adjudged and determined by the said Commissioners to be respectively entitled unto!, together with Interest for the same; Be it further further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Ordnance for the Time being, to make out and allow one or more Bill or Bills to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for such Sum and Sums of Money as is or are to th-m respectively adjudged, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum; which Bill or Bills so made out and allowed, shall express the respective House or Houses, Number of Acres, or Parcel of Lands, together with the Name of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and the respective Sum or Sums of Money he, she or they is or are to receive; and thereupon, one or more Debenture or Debentures shall he prepared for the several and respective Sums as aforesaid, by the Clerk of the Ordnance for the time being, and signed by three or more of the principal Officers of the Ordnance for the Time being; which Debenture or Debentures is and aretereby required to be paid by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall take Acquittances from the Parties endorsed thereon.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall wilfully refuse to accept of or receive such Debenture or Debentures as aforesaid; then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, to leave and deposit such Debenture or Debentures with the Clerk of the Peace of the respective Counties where the Messuages, Lands or Tenements do lie, in respect whereof such Sum of Money is to be paid, and to take his Acquittance or Acquittances for the same, which such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to give without any Fee or Reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so refusing to accept such Debenture or Debentures, shall be veiled to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors forever, as if he, she or they had received such Debenture or Debentures, and the Money thereon due had been fully fa titfied and paid,

WAND

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 31.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so veiled by the said Act, or any Interest therein, shall belong to any Corporation, or Body Politic, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, who, by reason of any Disability, is or are not capable by Law to take and dispose of the several Sums of Money which shall be due and payable for and in respect of their several Interests in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, by the said at veiled; that then, and in every such Case, the Money due to such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or such Person or Persons under such Disability as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Deputy Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the Time being, for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and the respective Persons interested therein as aforesaid: Which several Sums of Money shall, with all convenient Speed, be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Places most convenient for the Parties interested, their Heirs and Succefi ors; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding And the Estate or Estates so to be purchased, shall be conveyed and settled to the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the former Estates were settled at such Time as they, became, vested in the Trustees appointed by the said act: And that until such Purchases can be made, it shall and may be lawful for the said Deputy Remembrancer to place such Moneys out at interest on Parliamentary Funds, or other good Securities; which Interest shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall grow due, be paid to the several and respective Parties who are respectively entitled to such Principal Sums.

V. And whereas the Lands lately purchased at or near Portsmouth and Chatham for fortifying the Docks there, were before and at the Time of taking in the same, liable to, and charged with the Land Tax, Poor and other Rates of the respective Parishes wherein such Lands respectively lie,

and no Consideration was or has been allowed or paid to discharge such Lands from, or any pro e vision made for the Payment thereof: And whereas such Lands are chiefly under the Care and Management of his Majesty's'officers of Ordnance at the respective Places aforesaid Now in order to obviate all Difficulties concerning such Taxes and Rates, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lands and premisses taken in for the Purposes aforesaid, shall from henceforth Hand and be subject, liable to, and chargeable with the Payment of the Land Tax, and all Parish Taxes and Rates, in Proportion with other Lands and premisses in such respective Parishes charged and chargable therewith; and that the said Lands and premisses hereby so charged and chargeable with such Taxes and Rates, shall, as to so much thereof as shall not be otherwise demised or occupied by any particular Person or Persons, (land and be charged to, and in the Name of, and paid by the Storekeeper of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being at the said respective Ports or Places where such Lands respectively lie, and that such Storekeeper paying the same, shall be repaid and allowed such Sum and Sums of Money as such Storekeeper shall so pay, by the treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, on Demand thereof, who final 1 be allowed the same in his Accounts; and that in case such Storekeeper Jfp charged and chargeable therewith, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such tax or state, so to be made on him as aforesaid, when demanded, that then, and in every such Case, the Sum or Sums so to be assessed and charged to and on such Storekeeper, in respcbl of such Lands and premisses, shall and may be levied on such Storekeeper by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as upon any other Occupier of Lands liable to the Payment of any such Tax or Rate; any Law, Statute, Cullom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

387

Where the Parties jnfe rested shall be disabled by Law from taking and disposing of the Money,

it is then to be paid to the Remembrancer of the Exchequer, '

and to be laid out in the Purchase of other Land;

to be conveyed and settled to the same Uses j and till such Purchases can be made, is to be placed oat at interest.

The Lands, &c. taken in for fortifying the Docks at Portsmouth and Chatham, chargeable to the Land Tax and Parish Taxes, c.

which are to be paid by the Storekeeper,

and allowed in his Accounts

and in case of Nonpayment, may be levied on J him,

CAP. XXXI.

t, 1

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and for Relief of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a Bond entered into by him for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported. 4:

j.

Most Gracious Sovereign, m - >'f

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parli Preamble, ament assembled, being deflrous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, byways and Means the least burdensome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ' enabled; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons; in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of one hundred and eighty thousand seventy six 180, 076l. 17s:; C Pounds seventeen Shillings and three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, dispose Surplus remaining in the able by Parliament for the Public Service, of the Income opthe Surplusses, Excesses, overp]us du^of thesinkinj0' Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the Quar Fund" for the Quartette ended the fifth Day of Jpril one thousand seven hundred and fifty dine, shall and may be issued enobg 5 April 1759,

D d d 2 and

C 31. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

to be i<tu; d and applied towards the Supplies granted for the Year7 59*

A further Sum nor exceeding 2, 250,000l. to

and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as hall thereafter, from Time to Time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the sur be issued and applied out plufies, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the said Fund commonly called of the growing Produce The Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been °htf*d*s towar<k directed by any former Actor acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may, t e at upp y in like Manner, be issued and applied a further Sum not exceeding two millions two hundred and

fifty thousand Pounds, for and towards the said Supply.

Surplus remaining of the

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Part of the Sum of one hun

Sum of 100, cool. dred thousand Pounds granted to his Majesty hn the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, to granted in the last Seffi wards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year one thousand seven cha^ofpl'^and"6 the hundred and fifty-eight, and for defraying such Expenses as were actually incurred upon the ac dealing oath Militia; count of the Militia in the ear one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, as hall remain in the as also the Sum of Receipt of the Exchequer after Satisfaction of the said Charges and expences; and also the Sum of 73, 3081. 38. 10d. iq. seventy three thousand three hundred eight Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, now re orerplus of the Grants maining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and also the Sum ofone hundred thousand Pounds repaid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and now remaining the re, being the same Sum which was granted to his Majesty by a Vote of this House of the fifteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Empress of Russia, shall and may be, in like Manner, ifilled and applied, at the said Receipt, for and towards the said Supply.

for the Year 1758 j

with the Sum of loo.oooo I. repaid into the Exchequer, being that Sum voted to the Empress

of Russia in the Year 1755, to be issued and applied towards the said Supply.

In case of Want of Money for carrying on the current Service,

the Treasury may borrow a Sum to matte good such Deficiency, upon the Credit of the priming Produce of the said Fund;

to be repaid quarterly, with Interest. l5ar>lt may advance thereon any Sum not exceeding 2, 250, 000 I.

notwithstanding the Act of 5 & 6 W. it M.

IV. And whereas it may so happen that there may be a Want of Money for carrying on the current Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, before Moneys sufficient may have arisen into the Exchequer, from the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, to satist'y and pay the said Sum of two millions two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by this Act granted; in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands, to permit and suffer any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend unto his Majesty at the Receipt of his Exchequer, so much Money as, together with the Moneys then remaining in the said Exchequer of the said surplufles, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of two millions two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same as they hall quarterly afterwards arise, together with interest for the Forbearance thereof in the mean Time; and it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this af, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of two millions two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of king William and Queen Maty, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage cf Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas Samuel Taylor of Greenock Merchant, did, in or about the Year one thousand

hundred and twenty-eight, become bound, with four other Persons who are since become

Bankrupts, in a Bond conditioned for the Payment of one thousand four hundred fevt n Pounds

four Shillings and five Pence Farthing or thereabouts, being the Duties on certain Tobacco imported: And whereas there was drawn back upon Tobacco exported, and paid in Money, before the illid Bond became due, the Sum of seven hundred fifty-one Pounds twelve Shillings and three Pence Halfpenny or thereabouts, in Discharge of the said Bond; and there hath been since paid by the said Samuel Taylor, the Sum of five hundred seventy eight Pounds five Shillings and six Pence three Farthings or thereabouts, two hundred forty seven Pounds one Shilling and threse Pence three Farthings whereof or thereabouts, was brought to Account as in Discharge of the Interest, and the Residue applied in Discharge of the Capital Sum secured by the said Bond; and the said Samuel Taylor did afterwards pay, at several Times, the Sum of eighty-five Pounds in further Discharge of the said Debt, into the Hands of a Person employed in the Office of the Solicitor of his majesty's Customs in Scotland: And whereas a Judgement was obtained against the said Samuel Taylor, in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, for the said Debt, and he is now confined in the Gaol of Renfrew, in Consequence of such Judgement: And whereas the said Drawbacks and Moneys paid, amount to more than the Capital Money secured by the said

---

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. C 32. 389

[Treasury impowered to discharge Samuel Taylor from the Penalty and Payment of the Bond entered into by him for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported.]

'Bond; and the said Samuel Taylor, after having used all the Means in his Power to discharge the said Debt, is become insolvent;' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, and he or they is or are hereby authorised and empowered to exonerate, acquit and discharge the said Samuel Taylor, from any Penalty mentioned in, and the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money conditioned to be paid by, the said Bond, and all Interest due there securing the Duties on upon, and all Costs and Expenses which he is liable to pay in respect of any Process or Proceeding for the Recovery of such Moneys, and to discharge and vacate the said Bond, and to set the said Samuel Taylor at Liberty, in such Manner as to the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall seem expedient; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

[For former Laws concerning Linenes, &c. refer to

7 w. \. 39.

I inn. Ji. 2. C 8.

3 Ann. C 8. 7 arne. 7. 10 Am. C 19 & 21. 12 Ann. Ji. 2. C 9, 19 & 2l. i Geo. 1. c. 36. 3 Geo. I. C 7 (A 21. 17 Geo. 2. c. 30. 18 Geo. 2. C

24, 25, 27 6? 36. 21 Geo. 2. c. 26. 24 Geo. 2. c. 46. 29 Geo. 2. c. 15.

WHEREAS the Acts made in the eighteenth and twenty first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, have not been effectual to prevent the fraudulent Importation thereof; Therefore, for the amending and enforcing the said Acts, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of No Cambricks or French August one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, no Cambricks, French Lawns, or other Linens Lawns to be imported whatsoever, of the Kind usually entered under the Denomination of Cambricks, shall be imported in Bale cover or brought into any Port or Place whatsoever within Great Britain, unless the same be packed in ed Wlt|* Cloth, conuin in Bales, Cases or Boxes, covered with Sackcloth or Canvas, each of which Bales, Cases or Boxes, or^octhav shall contain one hundred whole Pieces, or two hundred Demi or half Pieces, of such Cambricks or pieces;

French Lawns.

[on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof.]

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cambiicks or French Lawns shall be imported in on Penalty of Forfeiture any other Form or Manner, or in any less Quantity, than is herein before mentioned and allowed thereof.

in each and every of the said Cases, the Cambricks or French Lawns so imported, or found on board any Ship or Vessel in this Kingdom, hall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

[The same to be

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day imported of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, Cambricks and French Lawns shall be impor^Exportation only, ted for Exportation only, and shall be lodged in such Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his kkig's warehouses* & Heirs and successors, as the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them for the

Time being shall appoint; and shall not be delivered out of such Warehouse, but under the LI ks and delivered out under Security and Restrictions as Eujl India Goods, prohibited to be consumed in Great Britain, are now like Security and Reliable to ffriftions s3 prohibited

---

[One half of the Old Subsidy payable only upon the Importation.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August there shall be no Customs or Duties whatsoever paid or secured to be paid, for any Cambricks or French Lawns imported, or which shall be imported, and deposited in such Warehouse as the Importation, aforesaid, other than one half of the Old Subsidy, which is to remain by Law, after the Goods are exported again.

---

[What Goods shall be in

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons having in their Custody any Cambricks or French Lawns imported before the said first Day of August, private Custody, are to for the Exportation whereof, within the Time limited by Law, Bond has been given, shall, on or ^nil^k* I, Aus'jft before the first Day of August next, bring and deposit, or cause to be brought and deposited, all such \varehou "6 S Cambricks and French Lawns, in such Warehouse as shall be approved of by the Commissioners

aforesaid for that Purpose; upon the depositing of such Goods in such Warehouse as aforesaid, and the Bonds thereupon the Bonds for the Exportation thereof shall be delivered up to the Person or Persons who gave she to be delivered up, same, or his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall likewise receive at the ani the drawback upon same Time from the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Bond Exportation to be paid, was given, all the Duties which such Goods would be entitled to draw back upon Exportation

And such Goods shall not be again delivered out of the said Warehouse but for the Exportation and the Goods not to be thereof, in like Manner as if the same had been deposited therein at the Importation: And in case 'fell eredoutbut any Person or Persons shall sell, offer or expose to Sale, or after the said first Day of August have r xpottation* in his, her or their Custody or Possession for that Purpose, any Cambricks or French Lawns (other orxjndtn private3kof than in such Warehouse as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners as aforesaid) the same final feibon, after the said Day, be forfeited, and shall be liable to be searched for and seized in like Manner as other prohibited and may t, e seized, and the uncustomed Goods are; and every such Person shall also forfeit two hundred Pounds, over and above Offender to forfeit zqqf*. all other Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted upon, such Person or Persons by any former Act. extra.

390 C 33. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

In Doubts concerning

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Doubt or Question shall the Species or Quality, arise with respect to the Species and Quality of the said Goods seized by virtue of this Act, or fec«.ofrhe 9oods' ?nus where the same were manufactured, the Proof shall lie on the Owner or Owners thereof, and not owne ie on 1 e upon the Prosecutor; Law, Custom or Usuage to the contrary notwithstanding.

go 'ds feiied to be car

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Goods seized by virtue of red to the next custom this Act, or any other Cause of Forfeiture, shall, upon Seizure thereof, be carried to the next cu house, ftom house, and after Condemnation in due Course of Law, shall not be consumed or used in this

a. d after Condemnation Kingdom, but shall be exported; and shall not be sold or delivered out of such Warehouse, other

10 be exported.

wise than on Condition to be exported, nor until the Buyer or Buyers shall have given Security for the Exportation thereof, and observing all the Regulations and Restrictions prescribed for the Exportation of East-india Goods prohibted to be consumed or used in Great Britain.

---

[Recovery and application of the Penalties.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the name of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall seize, inform or prosecute for the same.

[Upon Actions entered for pecuniary Penalties, a Capias in the first Process to be issued;]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, entered and filed as aforesaid, for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, a Capias in the first Process shall and may issue, specifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for;

[and the Defendant may give Bail thereto, &c.]

and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security by natural born Subjects or Denisons, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed to appear in the court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution; shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security; by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he, she or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her or their Body or Bodies to Prison

[General Issue.]

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared;

[Treble Costs.]

or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights; and for, raising the Sum of five millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; so far as the same relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions.

---

[Preamble, recited Chooses in an Act of last Session. 31 Geo. 2. C zz.

For former i'rc vijiens reining hereto refer to zo Geo. 2. c. 3 G? 42. zi Geo. %. t. 10.

6 Cti. z. 1. 17.

1

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Raft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty sever a! Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions; upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five' millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rales and Duties, it is (among other Tilings) declared and enabled. That a De ' dubtion shall be made of the Sum of one Shilling out of every twenty Shillings payable for or in respect of the Salary, Wages or Fees of any Offices and Employments payable by the Crown in Great Britain, which exceed one hundred Pounds per Annum; and for or in respect of any Pension or Gratuity, which is or shall be payable out of any Revenue belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum; and that the Money so deducted by the Officers of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, shall remain there for the Purposes in the said Act declared; and that such Part of the Money, as shall be so dedubted by any Officer or Officers of the Dutchics of Lancaster and Cornwall, or by any other Commissioners, Officers and Persons, by whom the said Salaries, Wages, Sees, Pensions and Gratuities, are or shall be respectively payable in England, shall be by them paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's*Exchequer at ivcfimhifler: And whereas the said recited Directions may be expensive in the Exe curion thereof, by subjecting each of the Officers, Commissioners and Persons, by the said Act rc quhvd to make the Dcdubtion aforesaid, to a separate Account before the Auditors of the Imprefts for the several Sums by them respectively dedubted: And whereas the said Vecited Directions have appeared to be in other Respcbts inconvenient; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 1 in

; A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 33.

391

in this orefent Parliament aft embled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Sums of Money Sums deducted for the which on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty nin*., and afterwards from Duties upon Ofrces 2nd time to time hall become due, and be deduced by virtue of the fa: d Act, for or in respect of the cn r, ons in_enc ard>to Salaries, Sees, or Wages, of any Offices and Employments payable by the Crown in that Part of j^appoynted byhh^ Great Britain called England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and for or in respect of any Pension Majesty. or Gratuity payable out of any Revenue belonging to his Majesty, in England, Wales, or Benuick upon Tweed, hall by the Commissioners, Officers, and Persons deducting the same, be respectively paid into the Hands of a Receiver or Receivers to be for that Purpose appointee by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers to retain, 3 d !n the Pound albw out of the Moneys so paid into his or their Hands as aforesaid, such Sum, as a Reward or Compen e him fur 11 s rroub'e' fation for his or their Trouble, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall appoint, not exceeding threepence in the Pound; and the said Receiver or Receivers ball give Security for their good Security to be given by Behaviour in discharging the Trust in them reposed, by giving Bond in such Penalty, and with such h, m

Surety or Sureties as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall) think fit; and the Payments Deductions of thedure;. of the several Sums so deducted as aforesaid, shall be made into the Hand of such Receiver or Re be paid over Qua (erly^ ceiyers, in the Course of the Quarter wherein the said Sums shall have been deducted; and such hj^i^binthe Quarter Receiver or Receivers hall, within the Compass of the next ensuing Quarter, pay the same Sums following, into the ex respectively into, the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster: And the several Commis chequer.

loners, Officers, and Persons, making the Deductions aforesaid, are hereby directed and required. An Account of the sah at the Request of such Receiver or Receivers, to deliver to him or them a just and true Account of rics, Sees, and Pensions, all and every the Salaries, Sees, and Wages, and likewise of the annual Pensions and Gratuities by c° be dc!ivered 10 the said Commissioners, Officers, and Persons respectively payable, and of the Names of the Persons the tceivers'

entitled to receive the same; of which Accounts the said Receiver or Receivers are to enter exact and entered b>thsm m'

proper Books.

The Moneys which have been, or ought to have

Copies in Books to be by them kept for that Purpose

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money which have )een, or ought to have been deduced or retained under the said al, by the Officers of the Exchequer, or of any other Office, or by any Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Persons, in Eng b\eh deduced under the 'and, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for the Duties payable, under the said Act of the thirty first 'p, illy

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for or in respect of the Salaries, Fees or Wages of any Office nd pasted by them. \ or Employment, or for or in respect of any Pension or Gratuity out of any Revenue belonging to lis Majesty, shall be accounted for to such Receiver or Receivers as shall be in pursuance of this irefent Act. appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the Accounts thereof shall be examined, audited and pasted by such Receiver or Receivers, or one one of them, and not by the Auditors of the Imprefts, or the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dispute shall aiife whether Disputes concerning the

the Fees, Salary or Wages of any Office or Employment, or whether any Pension or Gratuity, be charging any particular' chargeable Under the said al of the thirty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or under this Office or Pension. or at, or touching the Sum of Money which ought to be stopped and deducted out of such Salary, be dcdufled

Sees, Wages, Pensions, or Gratuities, such Disputes shall be heard by the Barons of the Exche t0be heard and deter ]iur in England, if the Office orjemployment_in Question is exercised, or thejpension or Gratuity mined by the baron.f of

- " ier in England reffc: -

Part of Great Britain -, and such Hearing is to be given on the Complaint or Representation laid in nvciy'

Writing before the Barons of the Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, either by the Party who hall think himself aggrieved, or by such Receiver or Receivers who shall be appointed in pursuance of this al, in respect of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and by the Receiver-general or Receivers in Scotland, in respect of that Part of the United Kingdom.

IV. Provided always, That the Complainant hall give a Copy of his Complaint or Representation Cojj^ he to the Person < r Persons against whom the same is made, within ten Days after the same shall have j "n comchined againfr* been lodged with the said Barons; and the said Barons in England and Scotland respectively shall hear ar, d to be determined in and determine such Disputes in a summary Way, and their Determination shall be binding without a summary Way.

iij 11 uit wuitt ui m v^uv uiuu id catiuicu, ui i cimuu ui rmnea ny the

s payable in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, the Excheque f the Office or Employment in Question is exercised, or the Pension or Gratuity is payable, in thator Scotl:

s j b. ..tri: _. o _____r' i; j tively.

further Appeal.

V. And whereas Whole, or in Part, is therefore, by the

the Profits of several Offices and Employments in Great Britain arise in the from Perquisites which are due and payable in the Course of Office; And it said al of the thirty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign enacted, That such Part of the Sums of Money thereby granted as are payable for or in respect of the Profits of any Office or Employment in any Part of England, Wales, ox Berwick upon Tweed, which arise from such Perquisites, shall be computed, raised, levied and paid according to the annual Value at which such Profits flood valued and rated to the lad Assessment to the Land Tax; with a Proviso, That such profits arising from such Perquisites as aforesaid, should be deemed and taken to have been valued and rated in such last Assessment to the Land 'Fax, at so much only as the entire Sum at which any such Office was valued and rated in the said Assessment should exceed the Amount of the Salaries, Wages and Sees, payable as aforesaid in respeff of the same Office: And whereas, for the better rating, ordering, levying, and collecting of the Duty by the said at charged upon, such Perquisites of such of the said Offices and Employments, as are in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being: re thereby authorised and required to ascertain, and set down in Writing, the Amount of the

Duty

C

33

Anno tricesimo secundo Georg U. A.D. 1758.

Duty of one Shilling in the Pound, to be paid in pursuance of the said Act by all Commissioners and other Officers, their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers

Persons whatsoever, having, using, or exercising, any of the said Offices or Employments, the Salaries, Wages, Sees, and Perquisites whereof exceed the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, within their respective Hundreds, Laths, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, or other Divisions, in Proportion to the annual Value at which the Profits of such Offices or Employments respectively 4 (food valued and rated in the last Assessment to the Land Tax for the said respective Hundreds and Divisions respectively: whereas it hath been found that in Consequence of the said before recited Limitations put by the said Act upon the rating, valuing and a Telling of the Profits of Of

and Employments arising from Perquisites due and payable in the Course of Office, the said

Offices and Employments have not contributed in equal Proportion with those whereof the Profits, arise from Salaries, Sees and Wages payable by the Crown Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being hall six and af,

F certain according to their best Judgement and Discretion the Sum Total or Amount of the Perqui

tfatsalary', and indepe" Ites arising from each and every Office within their respective Districts, distinct from the Salary, Sees and Wages thereunto belonging, which are to be deducted under the said Act, and independently of any former Valuation or assessment of the same to the Land Tax; and hall rate and assess all such of the said Offices and Employments, whereof the Perquisites shall be found to exceed one hundred Pounds a Year, at one Shilling for every twenty Shillings arising by the said Offices and Employments.

VI. And, to the End that the Duty of one Shilling in the Pound may be paid upon all Offices and Employments whereof the Salary, Sees and Wages, together with the Perquisites, shall exceed one hundred Pounds a Year; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall transmit to the Commissioners

Land Tax, an Account of of the Land Tax in every District where apy Office or Employment is to be assessed, an Account all such offices, &: C the Of aj] such Offices and Employments, whereof the Fees, Wages and Salaries do not exceed one hundred Poonds a Year and if the said Commissioners of the Land Tax shall find the Perquisites arising

from the said Office, with the Salary, Sees and Wages of the famer as certified by such Receiver or Receivers, to exceed together the Amount of one hundred Pounds a Year, then the said Commissioners are to rate and assess such Office and Employment, and to cause the Duty of one shil i°oi. per Annum are to j^to be levied and collected thereon.

be charged with the Du

VII. Provided nevertheless, That in all future Assessments to the Land Tax, the said Offices and

Employments shall not be valued or aftested at any higher Rates than those whereat the same Offices and Employments were respectively assessed and rated towards the Land Tax imposed by an Act made in the thirty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign j anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And, to prevent any Doubts which might arise concerning the Meaning of the Word Perquisites, in the said Act, and in this present Act mentioned; Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same shall for the Purposes of the said Act, and likewise of this present Act, be construed, deemed and taken as and for such Profits of Offices and Employments in Great Britain, as arise from Fees established by Custom or Authority, and payable either by the Crown or the Subjects, in Consideration of Business done from time to time in the Course of executing such Offices and Employments.

IX. And whereas in and by the said Act it is provided. That no Commissioner of the Land Tax in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or Commissioner of Supply in Scotland, who shall be possessed of any Office or Employment subject and liable to the Duty thereby imposed, shall sit, oi aft, or any way's interfere, in rating his own Office or Employment, but shall withdraw until the Rating thereof be settled and determined by the rest of the Commissioners then present: And whereas a Doubt hath arisen whether any Commissioner possessed of any such Office or Employment, can sit or aft, or any Ways interfere in the Execution of the said Act, in regard that the Commissioners of the Land Tax are thereby constituted the afieftors, and that the making and signing any assessment to be made in pursuance of the said Act by any Commissioner po.ie/led ol any Office or Employment, might be deemed and taken to be sitting, acting, or interfering, in the rating of his own Office or Employment, although such Commissioner had withdrawn, until the ( iat, j V, rating of his Office was settled and determined Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore niltte" for°acttiigln" he a ^>^nothing in this or in the said in Part recited Act contained, shall be deemed or construed Carts here mentioned, to extend to any such Commissioner for or in respect of his making or signing any assessment made, provided they withdraw or to be made, in pursuance of the said in Part recited Act, Or of this Act; provided such commis during the ra'in; of thor ffijner shall have withdrawn, or shall withdraw, until the rating of his Own Office or Employment rt pecuve Employments. fna|] ave keen, or flinll be, settled or determined.

Charitable Donations X Provided also, That the Duty of one Shilling in the Pound charged by the said Act made in that thirty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign upon Pensions and Gratuities, hall not for the future be charged on or payable out of such Pensions or Gratuities, which his Majesty, his Heirs and successors shall be pleased to declaio in the Warrant, Order or other Instrument directing Paymen thereof, to be intended as charitable Donations; anything to the contrary thereof in any will notwithstanding.

The Perquisites of Office to be ascertained by the of the

d'nt of any former Valuation.

Offices, &c. where the Perquisites exceed lool. to be rated i s. in the Sound.

Receivers to transmit to

Sees and Salaries where of do not exceed lool. per Annum; and such as together shall be found to exceed

In future altefiments to the Land Tax, Offices not to be rated higher thjin they were q1 Geo. 2.

in

Meaning of the Word Perquisites ascertained.

Commissioners of the Land Tax not liable to

exempted from Duties;

XI. Provide

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo feculido Georgii II. c. 34;

XL Provided, also, That notiung in the said Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex

93

tend, to the charging of the said Doty upon any Military ing to aliv of his Majesty's Gambons, rc giments Troops, Companies, the Royal Hospital of delft a, or the Hospitals of the Army; any tiling to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith ft offing.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited

Officers serving

as also Officers of the on the Staff, or belong Army, and the fi.lnu

tap;

and the pensions, Anno! tics and Rents, XC gran ed its e or fee tail, &c. by former King's and Queens of England;

jesty in Great Britain, that have been by his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, King's or Queens or England, or by Act of Parliament, granted unto any Person or Persons in Fee or fee tail, or till redeemed by Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in any Grant or Act of Pa ilia mint, with the said Duty or Payment in the said recited Act of one Shilling out of wiry twenty Shillings thereof by the Year, but that such Pensions, Annuities, yearly Payments, Rc:, ts, or Sums, shall be acquitted and discharged of, from, and against the said Duty, as if the said reeited Act had never been made; anything therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Offices or Employments in lither of the two Universuies in that Part of Great Britain called England, with the Duty by this Act imposed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the better preventing the Importation of the Woollen Manufactures of Francs into any of the Ports in the Levant Sea, by or on the Behalf of any oi his Majesty's Subjects; and for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn into this Kingdom.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS the Importation of Woollen Broad Cloth of the Manufacture of France into

6 V»any Ports or Places within the Levant Seas, by or on the be.'ialf of British Subjects, is not 6 only a manifest Discouragement and Prejudice to the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain, but 6 is also a Means of affording Relief to the Enemy, and thereby enabling them to carry on the i War against these Kingdoms Now for the more effectually preventing such Destructive Commerce for the future, May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Woollen Broad Cloth, or Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of France, shall directly or indirectly be imported or carried into any Port or Place in the Levant Seas, within the Limits of any Letters Patent or Charter granted to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called The Turkey Company, by or on the Account of any Member of the said Company, or any Subject or this Realm.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint no Woollen Broad Cloth, or other Woollen Goods, of the Produce or Manufacture of this Kingdom, shall be imported into any Port or Place in tyre Levant Seas, within the Limits of the said company's Charter, except directly from this Kingdom, by, for, or on account of any British Subject; unless the Importer shall produce to his Majesty's Am ballad or, or to the Consul, or Vice Consul, or other proper Officer appointed by the Levant Company, at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be imported, a Certificate upon Oath from the Exporter or Shipper of such Goods, at the Port or Place where the same Goods were last exported from, that the same were brought or received from Great Britain; and in such Certificate shall be described the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and also of the Mailer thereof, and the particular Day or Time when the same Goods were imported into such last loading Port or Place from Great Britain; which Certificate shall be attested by the Britislo Consul, or Person acting as Consul in his Absence, refiaing at such last loading Port or Place; and the said Shipper shall also produce to the said British Consul, or Person adding as Consul in his Absence, the Bill or Bills of Lading of the said Gobds, which shall have been given or made out upon the shipping thereof from Great Britain; and the said Consul, or Person adding as Consul in his Absence, shall take Notice in the Attestation of such Certificate, that such Bill or Bills of Lading were produced to him.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon granting every Certificate for the Exportation of British Clothes or other Wooilen manufactures of this Kingdom, for any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the Levant Company, the Consul, Vice Consul, or Person acting as such, is hereby required to enter a Duplicate of the said Certificate in a Book to be by him kept for that Purposej in which Book the said Duplicate being entered at the Time of granting the Certificate, shall be signed by the Exporter or Shipper of the Goods, taking the Oath before required to be taken upon making out such Certificate ptwhich Book and Entry of the Duplicates of all such Certificates shall be referred to, and received as final Evidence, in all Disputes

and Places in both uni verities.

Sic further z Geo W f. 3.

No Woollen manufac tuies offrance, may bs imported by or on Behalf of any english Subject, into any of the Ports in the Levant Seas;

nor may Enghfii Goods be so imported, except directly from Great Britain,

unless Certificate attested by the Consul be produced from the la Place of Exportation, that the said Goods are originally British), c.

and the Bills of Lading upon the Exportation t from Great Britain, be also produced, and notified in the Attestation

to enter a Duplicate of such rtificate in a Book to be kept for that Purpose;

which is to be signed by the Exporter; and the same may be admitted, s Evidence, and examined gratis.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 175s*

and such Entries

which may arise with Respect to the Truth or Authenticity of such Certificates; shall and may be examined by all Parties without Fee or Reward.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Consul, or Personating as such, shall receive Information, upon Oath, Petting forth good Reason to suspect the Truth or Authenticity of any Certificate, the said Consul, or Person acting as such, shall and is hereby required to signify such Information to the Importer, and to take Security in double the Value of the Goods; which Security shall be forfeited, in Case, upon a Reference to the Entries and Books of the Consul, or Person ailing as such, at the Port from whence such Goods shall be pretended to be imported, it shall appear that no such Certificate was granted j such Security to be af forfeited, and affisnjd to signed to the Informer for his sole Use and Benefit.

the Informer.

Where the Certificate shill be suspected, the Con "ul is to signify the same to the Importer, and take double Secu

ity

and if Fraud be discover CD the Security to be

Notice of such disputed Certificate to be transmitted to the Consul at the Port where the same shall be alleged to have been granted j

who is to return an Attention concerning the same, which is to be laid before the Importer, and the Security to be vacated, or forfeited accordingly.

Woollen Goods imported without such Certificate, otherwise than directly from England, deemed to be Fiench,

and may be feiaed.

Factor to make Oath, before Exportation, that the Goods were not purchased with or taken in haitcr for French Goods.

Importer of Torkilh Gouds into Great Britain, to make Oath, before

ihc Landing, that the same were not pur chiftd wi; h, or taken in Barter for, French Woollen Goods 5

except the same shall be Vrize Goocio,

If a Certificate shall be lost or r/vlhud the Mailer to make Oath concerning the same, and the Purport thereof.

and pie? Security for ptoiuc.ng a Duplicate

thereof J

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That as often as any such objections shall be made to any Certificate produced by any Importer of Woollen Clothes, or manufactures, into any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the Levant Company, and Security shall be taken of the said Importer as by this at is directed to be taken; that in every such Case, the Atnbafi ador, Consul, or Person adding as such, shall by the first: Opportunity transmit to the Consul, or Person adding as such, at the Port or Place at which such disputed Certificate shall be alleged to have been granted, Notice of such Dispute, requiring from such Consul or Person, at the same Time, an at tefdation under his Hand and Seal, determinining whether the Certificate in Dispute was granted by him; and such Atreftation shall be transmitted by the said Consul, or Person adding as such, by the first: Opportunity, to the Ambassador, Consul, or Person adding as such, at the Port or Place where the Dispute shall arise, who is hereby required, upon the Receipt thereof, to lay such attef tation before the said Importer; and in case the Certificate be by such Attestation verified, the Security shall be immediately cancelled; but if the Certificate hall by such Attefdation be found not to have been granted, the Ambassador, Consul, or Person adding as such, is hereby required to levy the Penalty by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Person or Persons giving the former Security, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Ambassador, Consul, or Person adding as such; Warrant he is hereby authorised to issue; and the said Penalty when recovered shall be applied in Manner as is before by this Act directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Woollen Goods as shall be imported into any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Levant company's Charter, by, for or on the Account or Behalf of any British Subjedd, without such Certificate as aforesaid, other than such as shall be imported directly from England, hall be deemed and confdrued, and taken to be Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of France, within the true Intent and Aleaning of this Act; and his Majesty's Ambassador, and the Consul or Vice Consul. or other proper Officer appointed by the said Levant Company, are hereby empowered and required respectively to caul'c the same to be seized and confiscated.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant or Faddor who shall be a Subject of Great Britain, or rdiding under the Protection of the British Ambassador, or any Consul, or Vice Consul, or the Person acting as such in his Absence, within the Limits of the said company's Charter, shall before the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandise whatsoever from any Port or Place within the Limits aforesaid, make Oath before the said Ambassador, or such Consul, or Vice Consul, or the Person adding as such in his Absence as aforesaid, that such Goods or Merchandise so intended to be exported, were not purchased by such Merchant or his Faddor, with his Knowledge, with the Produce of, or taken in Barter or Exchange for/rmr/i woolitn Broad Cloth, or any other Woollen Manufacturecs of France, since the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall import into Great Britain or Ireland any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatsoever, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Turkish Dominions, within the Limits of the said company's Charter, shall before such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be permitted to be landed, make Oath before his Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs, or the Colicddor or Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs of such Port or Place where such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be imported, that the same, or any Part thereof, were, or was not, by himself or his Correspondent, with his Knowledge, direddly or indirectly purchased by or with the Produce of, or taken in Baiter or Exchange for, any Kind of Woollen Broad Cloth, or any other Woollen Manufacturecs of France, since the passing of this Act, except such as shall have been condemned as lawful Prize.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Certificate to be granted pursuant to this Act shall happen to be lost or mislaid, the Master or other Person having Charge of the Ship or Veiled, on Board whereof the Goods to which such Certificate did relate shall be loaden, shall before the Landing of such Goods, make Oath before his Majesty's ambaf factor, or the Consul or Vice Consul of the Port of Discharge of the said Ship, thereby setting forth, according to the best of his Remembrance and Belief, the Purport of such Certificate, and that the same is so lost or mislaid, and that he doth not know what is become thereof, and that the same hath not been with his Privity, Consent or Knowledge, delivered or disposed of to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and the said Master or other Person navigating the said Ship or Veiled, or the Consignee or Confwnees of the Goods to which such Certificate did relate, shall also give sufficient Security, in the Penalty of double the Value of the said Goods, to his Majesty's Ambassador,

or

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 34. 395

or to the Consul or Vice Consul, or the Person acting as such in his Absence, of the Port or

Place where the said Goods shall be imported, for procuring and delivering to his Majesty's Ambassador,

or to the said Consul or Vice Consul, or the Person acting as such in his Absence, within a

reasonable Time to be by him appointed, a Duplicate of such Certificate so lost or mislaid: Licence thereupon to be

upon making such Oath, and giving such Security as aforesaid, his Majesty's Ambassador, or the granted to import the said Consul or Vice Consul, shall grant the said Master, or the Consignee of the said Cargo, Leave Goods

or Licence to import the Goods mentioned in the said Oath j and the same shall and may thereupon

be lawfully landed and imported.

X Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed, con mjlzebe imposed

strued, or taken to extend, to hinder or prevent the hipping, transporting, importing, selling or m y

disposing of any Woollen Goods or Woollen Manufacture of any Country whatsoever, which shall have been taken from the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, and condemned as lawful Prize, by any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateer, belonging to, or bearing Commission from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XI. Provided, That at the Time of the Importation of such Prize Clothes, a Copy of the Sen up" pdl)c, ns a Copy tence of Condemnation, signed by the Person condemning the same, shall be delivered to the Con demnltixtotl°consul* full, or Person acting as such, at the Port or Place of Importation.

XII. And whereas by an at of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Recital of Chutes in Act Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Increasing of Ship 12 Cir c

ping and Navigation, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That no goods or Commodities of so reign Growth, Production or Manufacture, and which should be brought into England, Ireland,

Wales, the Islands of Guernsey Ofjerfey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in Engl if built Ship ping, or other Shipping, as therein before mentioned, should be shipped or brought from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Produc tion, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Goods or Commodities could only or usually had been first shipped for Transportation, and from none other Places or Countries, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods as should be imported from any other Place or Country, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said act, as also of the Ship in which the same were imported, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that should seize, inform, or sue for the same, in any Court of Record, to be recovered as in the said act is expressed: it was by the same act provided, That the said act, or anything therein contained, should not extend or be meant to restrain and prohibit the Importation of any of the Commodities of the Straights or Levant Seas loaded in Englif built Shipping, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least, were Englif, from the usual Ports or Places for Loading of such Commodities theretofore, within the said Straights or Levant Seas, though the same were not of the very Growth of the said Places: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, 6 Geo. i. e. x.

An Act for the prohibiting of the Importation oj Raw Silk and Mohair Tarn of the Product or Manu failure of Asia, from any Ports or Places in the Straights or Levant Seas, except such Ports and Places as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior; after reciting the aforesaid Clause, and also the aforesaid Proviso in the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of said late Majesty King Charles the Second, herein before recited, and also reciting that the Woollen Manufacture in France had since that Time been greatly increased, and very large Quantities of such Goods were then annually imported from thence to Turkey, in return whereof, were brought from thence Raw Silk, and other Commodities, to Marseilles and other Ports in France, great Quantities whereof were carried into Italy, and from thence imported into Great Britain, in Englif Shipping, greatly to the Discouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Advancement thereof in France, and that without some speedy Care therein, the Britif Trade to Turkey would be daily leftened, and was in Danger of being lost; it was by the said act enacted, from from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the said recited Clause or Proviso, as to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn of the Product or Manufacture of Asia, should be, and was thereby repealed,

excepting only as to the Ports and Places in the said Straights or Levant Seas, which were within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior: And whereas by another Act of Parliament pasted in the and3*i4car, 2.e.xi; 4 thirteenth^and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs; that there were great Practises and Combinations between the Importers and Owners of Goods and Merchandizes, and the Seizers and Informers, with Design and Intent to defraud the Force of the Law and his Majesty of his Duties and Customs. was enacted, That no Ship or Ships,

Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, should be seized as forfeited for or by reason of unlawful Im 4 portation or Exportation, into or out of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Port and Town of Berwick, but by the Person or Persons who were or should be appointed by his Majesty to manage his Customs, or Officers of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as should be deputed and authorised thereunto, by Warrant from the Lord Treaufurer, or Under Treasurer, or by Special Commission from his Majesty under the Great or Privy Seal; and if any Seizure should thereafter be made by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, for any the Causes therein before mentioned, such Seizure should be void and of none Ef 4 fect: And whereas great Quantities of raw Silk of the Product or Manufacture o 1 Afa have

E e e 2 4 been

wf^ere mv Silk or 7*io h ir y.'ior northeast Velul imp rung the f nr, a.! le e.zed it i'or fe ted ty VI tue of any of the rcci ed Ail?, the se zure may net be rfa donej, v.tkaut ac curnin the Company ot lu h Intention,

and ce ivering in a Schedule of the Seizure

'end where the Company hall g.ve Bond to indemnity the Ofacer.

the Suit may not be dif comjnoed without their Co, tent,

but le prosecuted to Judgement.

Member of the Corrtpa ny admitted to give E VI duce upon the Trial.

public Act.

General Lute.

Treble Cells. Continuance of the Act.

35. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

been imported into this Kingdom, under various Denominations and' Pretences from lephorn,

and other Ports and Places from whence the same may not be lawfully imported into hr eland,

contrary to the faitl Actsprohibiting the same, and to the great Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom Now for the more effectually preventing such illegal Practises for the future, Pe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Raw Silk or fvlohair Yarn, or any Ship or veil'd bringing the same into England, Ireland, Wales, the Hlands of Guernsey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, shall he seized, as forfeited by virtue of all or any of the fjd herein before in Part recited Acts of parliament, then and in any such Case, it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers, or other person or Persons who shall make such Seizure, to release or abandon the same, or delay of omit to proceed to Judgement for the Condemnation thereof, as the Law in that Behalf directs, without lirfl acquainting the Governor, Deputy Governor, Treasurer, or Husband, of the fe.id Company, or their Successors, or their known Secretary for the Time being, by Writing, of his or their Intensions to relinquish or abandon such Seizure and such Officer or Officers, or aether person or persons, sit all at the same Time deliver to the Laid Governor, Deputy Governor, Treasurer, Husband, or Secretary of the Paid Company, cross their Successors, a Copy of the Schedule of such Seizure: And in case the Paid Governor and Company, or any Committee thereof, flail within leven Days after such Notice, give Bond, or offer to give Bond, under the Common Seal of their Corporation, in the penal Sum of one thousand Pounds, with Condition thereunder written for indemnifying and fzving harmless such Officer or Officers, or oth.r Person or Persons, of, from and against all Colds of Suit, Charges, Damages and Expenses, which such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons shall be necessarily put to, or may pay or sustain, in case such Snip, Vessel or Goods so seized, shall not be adjudged, upon the Trial or Plearing concerning the Condemnation thereof, to have been forfeited that then such Officer, or other Person or Persons, shall not voluntarily abandon or relinquish such Seizure, or omit to commence or bring, nor discontinue any Proceedings commenced for the Condemnation or such Ship, Vessel or Goods, without the Content of the Pa 1j Company, or force Committee thereof but shall with all convenient Speed, proceed to Judgement concerning the Legality of such Seizure any Law, or Conflruilion of Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That any Person, being a Member of the Paid Company, shall be admitted to give Evidence, either for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Relator or Relators, or Defendant or Defendants, upon any Trial, Hearing or Examination, concerning the Condemnation or Legality of the Seizure of the Goods, Ship or Vessel to which any such Bond, so to be given as affire said, flail relate any such Bond, or any law or Construction of Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick al, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall,

at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them dpne or executed in pursuance of this al, or of any Matter or 'Piling in this Act contained, such Person or perfor.s shall and may plead the General Hiue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence and if, upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants or the plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Ailion, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have 'Preble Cofrs to him or them awarded, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XVI. Provided always, That this Act and everything contained therein, shall continue and be in Force during the present War with France, and no longer.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Picas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of Chef cr, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales.

tv r. 'c. 4'T 7 I i EREAS the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in

7 ari, r I sir sj die Court of cmmic'i Fleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Hf.jhnmfler, z Cm. 3. <.; 6. j the Judges in the Courts of Sijftcn and Exchequer in Scotland, and the Justices of Chester, and of

4 d e G 1 t Sessions for the Counties in wufs, are inadiquate to the Dignity and Importance of 4 11 ir Offices: And your majesty's mioff dutiful and loyal bubjeits, the Commons of Great Britain in P. rlianrnt assembled, being dtfirous to augment the said Salaries, do give and grant unto your ' Majesty, in order to el'.ablish in the sir 11 Place a proper Fund for the Augmentation of the oala 1, i of tl e laid Judges in the Courts at jvjhtdasler, and Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions 4 1 r ihc Counties in Wales, the Duties herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly be 4 (< ch your Majesty that it maj be enacted' And be it availed by the King's most Excellent M; v j.fly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in t this

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 35. 397

which the several and respective Matters and Things herein after mentioned, shall be ingrafted or 5, July 1759. written at any Time or Times after the said fifth pay of July (over and above the Rates, Duties,

Charges and Sums of Money, now due and payable to his Majesty for or in Respect of the same) the further several and respective Rates, Duties, Charges and Sums of Money ifollowiagt; that is to lay,

upon which any Affidavit V z. Upon affiowit* fikd

said

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, to be made use of in any Court of Lav or Eq firms for or writt

tieth yu13 w. cuw vi tuv uuunu, ivji uuiying in v uua\.u9anu '.at.v.pi m is ii £iorn<5 T

Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of the Customs, or any Justice or Justices of the mifiio wrs cf oh pulim

Peace, or before any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by any a.61 of Parliament, for tyre Taxes, exceptej)

assessing and levying any Aids or Duties granted or to be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and which Affidavits shall be taken by the said Officers of the Customs, Justices or Commissioners, by virtue of their Authority as Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners respectively, and not otherwise) the Sum of six Pence.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy rjpon Copies cf th

of such Affidavit as is herein before charged, that shall be filed or read in any of the said Courts, Affidavits, 6d.

hall be ingrafted or written, the Sum of six Pence.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Common Upon filing a Common Bail to b: filed in any Court of Law at Westminster, or in any of the aforesaid Courts, and upon Bail or Appearance, 6d, which any Appearance that final 1 be made upon such Bail, final 1 be ingossed or written, the Sum of six Pence.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Rule or yl on aru eor Older cf Order made or given in any the Courts at tvejhninsler, either Courts of Law or Equity, hall be 6 d ingossed or written, the Sum of six Pence.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy of tji, on a ^ry such Rules or Orders entered, shall be irigrossed or written, the Sum of six Pence.

For every Piece of \ cllum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Original upon original\vrnts, c. "Writ (except such Original on which a Writ of Capias issues) Sub Pavia, Bill of Middlesex, La v»!lfre a cayiav

tit at. Writ of Capias Jhio Minus, Writ of ded.mus Poteflatem, to take Answers, examine Witnesses, jcoim^vffiere thedebc

or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that hall or Damage amounts to if the out or pass the Seals of any the Courts at Westminster, Courts of the Great Sessions in 1 Palis, 40 s. or more, 6d. Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding PI a, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings, or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value, hall be ingrafted or written (Writs of Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for flittering Com (particular Wilts ex mon Recoveries, and Writs of Plabeas Corpus, always excepted) the Sum of six Pence. "pted.)

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Depofi UPV. d p3fitlons ta, cen

tion taken in the Court of Chancery, or other Court of Equity at Westminster (except the Paper courtuof

Draughts of Depositions, taken by virtue of any Commission, before they are ingroiled) o: upon Draughts thereof ex'"

which any Copy of any Bill, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, ceptes)

Depositions, or other Proceedings whatsoever, in such Courts of Equity, hall be ingroiled or writ Copies of Bills, An fivers,

ten, the Sum of one Penny. Fleas or other Proceed

J. mgs in nidi Courts, i CL

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which anydecla Upon Declarations, ami ration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of other Pleadings in coorts Law at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of the Principality of ivales, or in any of the Courts °'f Law din the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, hall be ingossed or written, the Sum of one Penny; and,

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy Upon any Copy thereof, thereof shall be written or ingroiled, the Sum of one Penny. 1 till.

And be irfurther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more efi eduai These Duties to be under r2ifing, levying, collecting and paying all the said additional and new Rates and Duties herein be-.1*15 Management of the^fore granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners Duties A

for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef ° r '

fors, and charged on tamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by former Acts of parliament in that Behalf made; who, or the major Part of them are hereby required and empowered to employ such who are to implov proper Officers under them for that Purpose as they hall think proper; and to use such Dies and Stamps Officers under them, and to ucnote the Stamp Duties hereby charged as they hall think fit; and to repair, renew or alter the Pur Ac Ior same, from time to time, as there shall be Occasion; to do aii other Acts, Matters and Things anj do all other Matters it diary to b done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said several Rates and necessary for carrying this Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of Act into Execution,

them

C

398

C 35-

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

One new Stamp to be provided to denote the several Duties.

them are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on which several Duties are by several Act of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of the distinbl Stamos directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp to be provided, to denote the said several Duties on every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper charged with the said several Duties, from time to time, as shall be by them thought needful.

Former Stamps not made

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, charged by this ure of before 5 Jujjs to Act ^vitli any of the Stamp Duties hereby granted, which hath been, or hall before the said fifth Day of July be stamped or marked in pursuance of the former Acts of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or any of them, shall before any of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is hereby made payable shall be ingrossed or written thereupon, such in grossing or Writing being at any Time after the said fifth Day of July, be brought to the Head Office for {lamping or marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to be {lamped or marked with another Mark or Stamp, over and besides the Marks or Stamps put or to be put thereupon in purfu a! 1 Papers, &c. made ance of the said former Act, or any of them; and that all Vellum, Parchment and Paper which

be brought to the Office, and have an additional Stamp put on them.

ui

dirg to this Act

or. Penalty of forfeiting CL besides the Duties.

The Penalty and Duties to be paid,

and the Paper?, c. duly starnpt, before the same

e of after the said Day, bath not been, or shall not before the fifth Day of July be stamped or marked in pursuance of the 10 be duly stamped accor said former Act, or any of them, {laal before any of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Stamp or Duty is payable hereby, and by the said former Act, or any of them, hall be thereupon ingrofi ed or written, such Ingrofiing or Writing being after the said fifth Day of July, be brought to the said Head Office, and there marked and stamped with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp, provided, used or appointed, or to be provided or appointed in pursuance of the said former Acts, or of this Act, to denote the respective Duties thereby and hereby respectively charged thereupon: And if any of the said Matters and Things so to be ingrofi ed or written as aforesaid, shall be ingrofi ed or written, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not appearing to have been duly marked or stamped according to this Act; that then and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered, and paid (over and above the Stamp Duties payable hereby, and by the said former Act, or any of them) for or in respect of every such Matter and Thing the Sum of five Pounds j and that no such Matter or Thing shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as well the said Duty hereby charged in respebf thereof, as the said Sum of five Pounds, hall be first paid to the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Stamp Duties, or his Deputy or Clerk; and until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which such Matter or Thing is lo ingrofi ed or written. Cull be available in Law foan be marked or damped according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof: And the said Receiver orfiqurv. General, and his Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of

pun amen o e said Duties, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, and such other Sums as by the said former Acts are payable in that Behalf, to give a Receipt for such Moneys; and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark or (lamp such Matters or Things with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp required in that Behalf; which said Sutn of five Pounds is to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties hereby granted are to be applied.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties herein before granted, shall be paid, from time to time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; who hall keep a separate and distinbl Account of the several Rates and Duties arising by virtue of this Act, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for such Rates and Duties being deduced) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes herein after expressed, at such Time and in such Manner as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper are directed to Books to be kept in the be paid: And that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Auditor's Office for en Book or Books, in which all the Moneys arising from the several Rates and Duties hereby granted ler, n? Dunes apart and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Moneys from all others. paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever, and shall be applied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

Commissioners, and Of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all ficers under hem, to other Officers who shall be employed in the Colleblion or Management of the said several Rates and oi.ierve the Orders of the ])utjes herein before granted, shall in the Execution of their Offices observe and perform such r ury in t e xecu ru|cs and qrcicrp) as they repebtively ball from time to time receive from the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of thctreasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being; and that no See or Reward shall be taken or demnmled by any such Commissioners or Officers from any of his Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act: And in case

Tensity and Duties, Tapers admitted to be ftajnpt.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver-general; and a separate Account kept thereof, and to be paid over by him into Che Exchequer.

lion of their Offices. No Fees to be taken.

Officer miking Default

in his Duty, to pay d.t any Officer impfoyed in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall

itmges i.tj Treble Costs"

tut i'aity grieved.

refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects shall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever; Officer so offending shall be liable, by any Ablion to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and their penaltjos and Forfeiture Officers Ha all be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of the Trusts in them re for Breach of 1 ru(l> posed, or for diverting or misapplying the looney received in pursuance of this Act, as by any

former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper are inflicted; that all Powers, Powers and Provision, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and e: of former Act ic all other Matters and Things prescribed, inflicted or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Par tjes" sext°endecl toffier*0' liament relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, on which any Affidavit, or any Duties, other Matter or Thing herein before mentioned, in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is by this Act granted, shall be ingrossed or written, and not hereby altered, shall be in full Force and Effect with Relation to the additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing the said additional Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been herein enacted with relation to the additional Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person from and after Penalty of forging or the said fifth Day of July shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any countcifeiiing the Seal, Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this btamfs»

Act for the Purpose of denoting the Duties hereby granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the

Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Succell ors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend or sell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper liable to any such

Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall or privately or frauf»

privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, insu 0 X e

with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, of any of the said Duties; every n

Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. Death.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of Th following Sums to

July there shall be issued, paid and applied, in every Year, out of the Moneys which shall arise by be paid out of tie Pu'. the Duties herein before granted, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, the judges stldries' 0" ° Sums of Money following to the several Judges herein after mentioned, as an Addition to, and in '

Augmentation of their respective Salaries; that is to say, The Sum of five hundred Pounds to each viz. 500l. to each of the

of the Puisne Judges for the Time being in the Court of King's Bench; the Sum of five hundred Puifoe Judges of the

Pounds to each of the Judges for the Time being in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster; of the

the Sum of one thousand Pounds to the Chief Baron for the Time being in the Court of Exchequer j°jge's she Court of at tvcjhnhijler; and the Sum of five hundred Pounds to each of the other Barons of the Coif for Common Fleas;

the Time being in the said Court of Exchequer; the Sum of two hundred Pounds to the Chief Ju iooool. to the Chief Ba. ftice of Chester for the Time being; the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds to the second Justice ron the Exchequer; of Chester for the Time being; and the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds to each of the Ju i rt0, eacnself. dices for the Time being of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales: Which said several and °00[. to the Chief Ju'respective Sums of Money shall be and are hereby charged upon the Rates and Duties herein before ftice of Chester; granted, and shall be paid thereout in every Year, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as i5ol< to the second ju the Salaries to the said Judges now are or have accustomarily been paid. ftice of Chester;

1501. to each of the we'./h Judges; to be paid yearly, as the Salaries have accustomarily been paid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Rates and Duties shall prove deficient in any Year to make good and answer the Sums herein before appointed to be paid, and applied yearly in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, it shall from time to time, as often as such Deficiency shall happen, be lawful for the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, out of any Money that is then, or shall thereafter be in the Exchequer, and that hath arisen or shall arise by the said Rates and Duties, and not otherwise applied by Parliament, to direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be ifnied and paid for or towards making good such Parts of the said annual Sums as shall be from time to time deficient or in Arrear.

XI. Provided always, That when and as often as any such Deficiency shall happen, the Payments to be made to the said several and respective Judges shall be in Proportion to the respective Sums which are herein before directed and appointed to be paid to such Judges respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Residue and Surplus of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties which shall from time to time remain in the Exchequer, and shall not have been iitued and applied for the augmentation of the Salaries to the said Judges, and for the making good any such Deficiencies as aforesaid, shall be from time to time, reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and ftnll not be issued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And for the augmenting of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July there shall be issued, paid and applied in every Year, Safaris of the Judges in out of the Moneys which shall arise from time to time, of or for any the Duties and Revenues in that,>smnnrol

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of priated for tbjt* i»ur f

? Queen pose by Ad 10 annxj

If the Duties fhml be deficient, the Treasury may apply any unappropriated Moneys in the Exchequer in Aid thereof.

When any Defie ency flail happen, the Payments to the Judges to be in Proportion to the Salaries respectively allowed them.

Surplus Moneys of the Duties to be reserved for the futu'e Disposition of Parliament.

zoo 1. to the President of toe Court of Seiliuo; 3c0l. to the

C 36. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 17 58.

Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges Howei or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session and Justiciary and Exchequer Court in Scotland, the several Sums of Money follot ig, to the Judges hcivi/t after mentioned, as an Addition to, and in Augmentation of their respective sah.rl s j that is to say, The Sum of three hundred Pounds to the President for the Time bein of t., e fc iu Eou' t of Session; the Sum of three hundred Pounds to the Chief Baron for the Time being in the fa; d Courts 5 to and shall be paid thereout in every Year, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the Fees, h" va custoraa Salaries, and °th r Charges of keeping up the f.iiu Courts, now are or have accustomarily been "paid since the Union of the two Kingdoms, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or to be done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the general lithe, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence 5 and if upon the i'rial a verdihc shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have 'Preble Coifs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and purposes therein mentioned j and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this sef iion of Parliament.

lily teen paid.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cosse,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

preamble, 4 WJ^your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration your majesty's most gra cious Message, signifying your majesty's Desire to be enabled by your faithful Com nous to de fray any extraordinary Expenses of the War incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoirft or defeat any Enterprises or Dellgns of y >ur majesty's Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million for that Purpose; do therefore most humify hefeecn your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem credit of Loin granted bled, and by the Authority of the same, Tuat it shall and ny be lawful to a d for the King's to his Majesty for most Excel! ent Majesty, by Warrant or arrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and

j, oooo, coo. empower the of of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Lime being, or any three or

Treasury mv raise the more of them, or the Lord Pligh Treasurer for the tir.i^ being, at any Time or Times before the ib me by Loans or Exchc fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and six y, io cause or direct any Loan's to be taken quer Bills, or received at his Majesty's Exchequer from any Person or Persons, Natives or For igners. Body or

Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of ex.ii quer Bills to be made out there, for any in like Manner asispre Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Lo. ns and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole the feribed by ihe Land Tax said Sum of one million, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same Act fthis.sci!rn, c.<n or ]ic Rules and direhicns, as in and by an Act of this present Seffiofi of Parliament, entitled,

is daajjly by a Land 'lax to be rajed in Great Britain Jbr the Service of the Year one thousand fven hundred and ffiy nine, a e cnajcd and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

Tha Clause. c: die

II. And be it further cnadfctl by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the cjnufcs, provi lbjd Act: a ctor»focs? powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said l0..10 ji I <clo j orb.h, jafl. nirnti01jeij /y(ft relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same al (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except fn h chuils as limit the Rate of interest lo he paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in puifumcc of this Act, as fully and ffehually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame Loans or Exchequer Bills had bum origin; lly authorisid by the sail! last mentioned act, or as if the said ly ual Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, thnt^all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rale and Charges incident to or attending the same, 1 ol shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable u(ion, and iindl be repaid or born by or out of the

P, ' ln; b. c. first Aids or Supplies which fuall he granted in the next Si flu n of P; liament; and in case fufneient. i 1, 5 j, ty Aids or Suppli s for that Purpose shall not lie granted btoi etlic fifth Day of July one thousand

AF 1' / r»fwen hundred and sixty, then ali the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium,

r'1 ihc rlc ^(llc im1j Charge, incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable

lq on such Moneys, as at any 'I'imc or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand

fevci.

chequer bfty iheuby io A, n if fer granting an Aid^to his

be nude out.

n 1 to ll' 1.0. ns! 1 r 11 tie

1 lcalli i<j p'lriu nec

U t i Atl;

11 a > 1 1 fert.'}, C r: 1 L

ita.

D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 36. 401

seven hundred and sixty, hall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses,

Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fundshall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and di (charged, or

Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys hall and the Mcnies so itued

be so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing ^es epla|_sed out oi: C

the Sinking Fund, hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then fu^1<: s'

after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be The Bank empowered so

lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty, advance on the said Cre

in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, dlt of Loan an Slim any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million; anything in ^oo^joot exccedins an AI made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mart, inti theafi of 5& gw. & tuled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Refills, M. C 2c. notwith and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act Handing. mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds

towards carrying on the ivar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys app opriaion of the coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills upon one Act of this Session of Par Su?plies, n General liament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Bi i The Moneys arising by tain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and so much Money, if any the Land Tax, such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer 32 Ce' 2' c'3'

Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby, for raising the said Land Tax, shall bjdfatisfied, or Money

sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session. of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon mata

Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and Geo. 2. c. 4. so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as hall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and alj the Interest, Premium,

Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities and a Lottery, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty subsidy and Lottery a a, a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an 32 Geo. 2. c. 10. '

additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy, and additional Inland Duty; and also the Sum of one hundred _ eighty thousand seventy six Pounds seventeen Shillings and three and other Sums remaln farthings, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the ing in the Exchequer, Produce of the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ended the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hun 33 Geo. 2. c. 31. dred and fifty-nine, directed to be issued and applied by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of aloney out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and for Relief of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a Bond entered 'into by him for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported; and also the Sum of two millions two hundred and fifty thousand and Sinking Fund. Pounds, by the said Act directed to be issued and applied out of such Moneys as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and also such Part of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, Savings upon the Sum granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Eranted for Pav and Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty ^1, e ilia

eight, and for defraying such Expenses as were actually incurred upon the Account of the Militia or 1 e earl in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, as shall remain in the Receipt of the Ex v

chequer, after Satisfaction of the said Charges and Expenses by the said Act directed to be issued and applied; and also the Sum of seventy three thousand three hundred and eight Pounds three Overplus of the Grant Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, now remaining in "the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the for the ^.eahi748 Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by the said Act di "and the Sum of

rected to be issued and applied; and also the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds repaid into the 100, 0001. granted to the Receipt of the Exchequer, and now remaining the re, being the same Sum which was granted to his Empress cf Russia in Majesty by a Vote of this House of the fifteenth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and 2.7 5 5> iesaid <0, !'e fifty-five, to enable his Majesty to make good his engagements with the Empress of Russia, by the ^vcoocoo L burned said Act directed to be issued and applied; and the further Sum of one million by this Act granted, this Act;

hall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses and purposes herein after expressed; is to say,

402 C 36. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

vis. Out of the Aids in general, 3, 558, 4911.9s, S d. towards Naval Services herein specified.

VII. It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three millions five hundred and fifty-eight thousand four hundred and ninety one Pounds nine Shillings and eight Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly expressed; is to say, For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Ofnce of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards maintaining fourteen thousand eight hundred and fortyfive Marines, and for or towards the Buildings, re buildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the said Year.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids paymgoft the Navy Dect. or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iiined and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at green tcich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be ilhued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred and forty-four thousand seven hundred and seventy seven Pounds and five Shillings, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four millions five hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred forty-four Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence three Farthings, and one seventh, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million two hundred fifty six thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds fifteen Shillings and twopence, for defraying the Charge of fifty-two thousand five hundred and forty-three effective Men, including those in Germany, and on an Expedition under the

j, coo, cool. towards

1o3oco1. towards the Sy port or greenw.ch Huipital.

544-7771- 5s for. Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service.

4, 594, 444.1. is. 9d. 3q. towards the Land Forces in general;

of which 1, 456, 130). 15s. id. for Troops in Germany and the West Indies, and for Guards and Garrisons, c. in

s. 7 d. for Shilling and eight Pence, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Jamfons, Hospitals for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine:

1orces and

officers of the Hospitals. any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-two thousand four hundred eighty-four Pounds one

742, 5311. 5s.' '

Guards and Garrisons,

I G hial^nova"51 any Sum or Sums f Money not exceeding seven hundred forty-two thousand five hundred their scotia, Newfoundland, fy one Pounds five Shillings and seven Pence, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons i'rovidenee, Cape Breton, in the Plantations, and Gibraltar) and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, newfound and Senegal. land, Gibraltar, Providence, Cape Breton, and Senegal, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and '1°!if791- I3J' 9d r fifty-nine; and also any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty thousand eight hundred and b'hhmen" ftrvine in seventy nine Pounds thirteen Shillings and nine Pence, for defraying the Charge of four Regiments

North America and Africa.

34, 367 1. 15s. rod. to the reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines.

and one Battalion of Foot on the Irish Establishment serving in North America and Africa, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and also any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-four thousand three hundred and sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand 2, 9581. 19s. 7d. to the nine hundred and fifty-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge Officers and Gentlemen for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, 0! Horse Guards, &c. and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse fnr j, cnf l0nj o( guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money

Officers Wid ws. i6, ooool. for Out f'en sioners of Chelsea hospi tal. 466, 7851. jos.

56. 39. for extraordinary Expences of Land Forces, and other scr vics, incurred in the Vcir 1758.

398, 697l. 17s. id. 3q.

not exceeding two thousand one hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the W idows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fixeecn, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty six thousand Pounds, upon

Account, for Out pensioners of cbrlj ca Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence three Farthings, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year one ver' Wolftni t Y s 1 thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or > ims Gotha, and Count of Money not exceeding three bun '

Ruckcburg, employed against the Common

f.ncmy, m Concert with with ghat cf Genial and Staff Officers actually employed against the Common Enemy In Concert ilc King of Iruflia. 1 1 J 0 1 with

£111} mm MUI 1 w V IVIV.VJ y»auitnuv in y tiny UUUI Ul 7 1141-5

idred ninety-eight thousand six hundred and ninety seven Pounds sevenlcen Shillings and twopence three Farthings, for defraying the Charge of thirty-eight thousand Men of the Troops of Hanover, jpolfcnbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckcburg, together

5i '

it c3 9*ufti

with the King of prussia, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, both inclusive, to be issued in Advance, every two Months, in like Maimer as the Pay of the Hcjfian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops to be mustered by an English Commissary, and the effective State thereof to be ascertained by the Signature of the Commander in 59, 6461. is. Sd. jq. Chief of the said Forces; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-nine thousand six the Troops of Heiie hundred and forty six Pounds one Shilling and eight Pence three Farthings, for defraying the Charge c^tat britan ^d/ihe of two thousand one hundred twenty Horse, and nine thousand nine hundred Foot, together with subsidy/pursuant to the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to Treaty, ' from 25 Dec, the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejje cajjej in the Pay of Great Britain 1753, to March 1759. for ninety Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money 132, 2511- 2s nd. iq. not exceeding one hundred and eighty-two thousand two hundred and fifty-one Pounds two Shil Charge of

lings and eleven Pence Farthing, for defraying the Charge of what remains to be paid for two thouhedfa'd ^'ro°ps'tofrorn sand one hundred and twenty Horse, and nine thousand nine hundred Foot, together with the Ge Dec. 1*7-9^'°^neral and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejje cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred and sixty five Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any 97>5->8lb 17s sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ninety seven thousand five hundred eighty-two Pounds seven r char|eh0jla^d'il°nal teen Shillings and ten Pence two sevenths, for defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of nine Grea^bri "

hundred and twenty Horse, and six thousand and seventy two Foot, together with the General and tain, from 1 Jan. 1759, Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the rain of Arto 31 Dec. 1759. tillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejje cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred and sixty five Days, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the thirty first Day of December following, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money 500>00°buponaccount, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account, as a present Supply towards defray 01 Foraie and otheifcft ing the Charges of Forage, Bread, Bread wagons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Combine/army under Straw, ct cetera, and other extraordinary Expenses and Contingencies of his Majesty's Combined Prince Ferdinand. Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 670, 000). to the King of six hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with j'rufiia> pursuant to the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prujja, con reaty* eluded December the seventh one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of6o»ooool< to the Land money not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements '

with the Landgrave of hejje cajlcj pursuant to the separate Article belonging to a Treaty between pur uan ° iea y' his Majesty and the Landgrave of hejje cajjel, concluded January the seventeenth one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds to be paid as his Mod Serene highness shall think it most convenient, in order to facilitate the Means by which the Mod Serene Landgrave may again fix his Residence in his own Dominions, and give fresh Courage to his faithful subjetfls, by his Presence, which is so much wished for.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 800, 0001. to discharge or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums f likesum^rowed^ Money, not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like °j"e^{/seition/6 U ° Sum raised in pursuance of an act made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the

first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of alk or any the Aids 1,000, 000). upon ac or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of count, to defray the cx money, not exceeding one million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordi ^aor^."ary expences u' nary Expenses of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand e ar'

seven hundred and fifty-nine, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat

any Enterprizes ordefigns of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 9-9011- 5 s upon Acor Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of or upporting' s

il n CF n t no thnnfiim/i n 1 mo h I I m IF tirrv 1. m ft o fi no V n 11 11 n nr nnnti A m '

of Nova Scotia.

Money, not exceeding nine thousand nine hundred and two Pounds five Shillings, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven 11, 278). iss. 5d. upon thousand two hundred seventy eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and five Pence, upon Account, for Acco "nr, for Charges in defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Co Veb ri

lony of Nova Scotia, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and not provided for and not provided for. by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of money, not exceeding four thousand and fifty seven 4, 0571. 10s. upon Ac pounds ten Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his count, for defraying the majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expenses attending the same, from the twenty Civd jdlbblifhinent ot fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight^to the twenty-fourth Day of June Ocorg, 'i' cne thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

404

C 36. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

667, 771 1. 19s. 7 d. fcr Charges of Transport

ervice, c. incurred in he Year 1758.

cool, to make good like Sum issued by

Perth Estate, pursuant tu Act 25 Geo. 2. c. 41

XV. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred sixty seven thousand seven hundred seventy one Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence, for the Charge of Transport Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, including the Expense of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces his Majesty to John Mill within the said Year and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand five hundred

c ertv him to ihvvfc Pounds to ma, ce good the like Sum issued by his Majesty to John Mill Esquire, to be by him paid

tuzllal of South over to the Victuallers and Innholders of the County and Town of Southampton, and other victu emptcn' in Consideration allers and Innholders in the like Circumstances, in Consideration of the great Expenses they were of there Expenses in put to by that Hessian Troops having been so long billetted at their Houses, pursuant to an Address quartering the Hefiian of this House; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand four hundred and rro.'of. 11, 4501. to £fty Pounds, to make good the like Sum issued by his Majesty to the Judges of England, Scotland

make good the like Sum { rr, 0. r, p, r 7 n

id'ued by his Majesty in and r/alcs, m Augmentation or their Salaries, pursuant to an Address of this House; and any Sum Augmentation of the or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred seventy eight Pounds sixteen Shillings and six Judges Salaries. Pence, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued pursuant to the Address of

7781. 16s.6d. to make this House, to Jane Hardinge Widow, Administratrix of Nicholas Ha) dinge Esquire deceased, in by°hist Ma: CD ^tithne6'1 Repayment and full Satisfaction of the like Sum due unto her for the Balance or Surplus of the said Hardinge, jbalar.ceof her Nicholas Hardinge Account, for printing Journals of the House of Commons; and any Sum or husband's Account for Sums of Money not exceeding sixty nine thousand nine hundred ten Pounds fifteen Shillings and printing the Journals of nine Pence Farthing, upon Account, for paying and discharging the Debts, with the necessary ex the House of Commons, pences attending the Payment of the same, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which C n accountsforciifcharg became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder ot John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style ing Incumbrances on the or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke ot Perth, or lb much of the said Debts as shall be remaining unsatisfied, according to the several Decrees in that Behalf respectively made by the Lords of Session in Scotland, and pursuant to an at of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid for annexing certain for sited E dates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same; and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for 24, 371l. 6s. 11 <3. 3 q. the future', and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-four thousand three hundred fe to replace ro the Sinking venty one Pounds six Shillings and elevenpence three Farthings, to replace to the Sinking Fund Fund rhel ke Sum paid the jj c gum pajj out of same to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, of the additional Stamp Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, Duty on Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, made a Fund by an at of the thirtieth of George the Second, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum on three millions, as also the Life Annuities 8, 8811. iis. iod. aq. payable at the Exchequer, and other Charges thereupon; and any Sum or Sums of money, not to replace to these nking exceeding eight thousand eight hundred eighty one Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence half th^eout! t'o^ake good penny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the dcfi the D ficiency of the cicncy on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, of the Duties on Glass

Du ies on Glass, c. and Spirituous Liquors, to answer Annuities on single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by

on 5 July 1758. an Act of the nineteenth of George the Second; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed

counr° towa'i'citie airin 'no fifteen thousand Pounds, to be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, to be applied to ' L ^on'ridgev6' unne wards the improving, widening and enlarging the Passage over and through London Bridge, without Aa 29 Geo. 2. c. 40. Account, other than as is directed for the Moneys raised by an act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen and enlarge the Passage over and 20, 0001. 'o the Sound through London Bridge; and any Sum or Sums of Adoney, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, )ing Hoipiul, to be paid Upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance Without lee. and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to receive all such Children under a certain

a.gc, to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital; also towards enabling

them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care, and to continue to carry

into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated; and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever; and any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and P, 'huchhchllldeferted young Children, to receive all such Children under a certain Age, to be by them limited,

before i jane as shall be brought to the said Hospital before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred

ihereour, to make gr, od the Deficiency of the additional Stamp du ie;, con 5 July 1758.

30, ooool. to the Foundling Hospital, fr receiving, such Children as thither

176, to be paid without Fee.

and sixty, and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care, and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incor io.orol. towards main porated; and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or taming the F. rts and Set Kcward, or any Deduction whatsoever; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thou 11 ^ov'for^c^b D an Pounds to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon loanable him to dif the Cost of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand two hundred and tharge a Mortgage upon eighty Pounds, to be paid to Roger Long Doctor in Divinity, Lowndes Astronomical and gcome the efla devised by T. trical Professor in the University of Cambridge, without Account, to enable him to discharge, in i.cwndrs f.*q; for the pursuance of the Will of Thomas Lozundes Esquire, (the Inventor of a Method for meliorating the 11 1 xn'°i Brine Salt of this Kingdom) a Mortgage upon an Estate devised for the Endowment of the said

ES?; £p in°cum ta Professorship by the said Thomas Lowndes, and to rciinburse to the said Roger Long the Interest Mo

Lfh

jncs

A.D. 1758. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 36. 405

nies he hath paid, and that are growing due, and the Expenses he hath incurred in Respeil of the said Mortgage, and that the same be paid without Fee or Reward; and any Sum or Sums of Money 90, 0001. upon Accounr,

not exceeding ninety thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and for pay and cioatlung oi

Clothing for the Militia, from the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and majestypof"

fifty-eight to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and for repay 1, 3321. 10 s. advanced

ing to his Majesty the Sum of one thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds ten Shillings, by him for the Service of

advanced by his Majesty for the Service of the Militia, pursuant to an Address of this House of the Militia.

the twenty-ninth of November last to his Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to give Di

reilions for the issuing, till further Provision could be made in Parliament for that Purpose, such

Money as should be found necessary for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and promising to make the same good to his Majesty; any 20, 0001. to the Eastln

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be paid to the ^n^stroc southwest, 7t'°

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray <trawn"ff0sm thence ltu*

the Expense of a Military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the

Battalion of his Majesty's Forces commanded by Colonel Adler cron, withdrawn from thence, and

now returned to Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred thousand f.lt; 0[/t0°the Provinces of

Pounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Pro North America, forex

vinces in North America, for the Expenses incurred by them in the Levying, Clothing and Pay of pences incurred by them

the Troops raised by the same, according as the ailive Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respectin laying, Clothing,

tive Provinces sit all be thought by his Majesty to merit; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex^of Troops tai ei

ceeding two thousand four hundred forty-three Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, for defraying, s. ii, for the Charges incurred in pursuance of an Ail made in the thirty first Year of his present Majesty's purchasing Lands for fe

Reign, for purchasing Lands for the better feeuring his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at curing Portstnouth, Chat

Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth. ham and Plymouth

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Sup oc's'

plies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, use*3pp

other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments no 1 directed to be satisfied thereout by any Ail or Acts, or any particular Clause orclaufes for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XVII. And, as to the said Sum of thirty-four thousand three hundred and sixty seven Pounds rues to be observed in fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, by this Act appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is the Application of the hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall half-pay.

be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no Person (halfhave or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the 'Sims. when the Regiment Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person fhaljbbavc or receive any Part of the same except such Person who did ailual Service in some Regiment, Ijnroop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any" Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVIII. And whereas by an act of Parliament made and passed in the thirty first Year of his Clausein aft 31 gco.z,

present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of eight hundred C 33.

thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; the several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty,

as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed;

which, any Sum or Sums not exceeding thirty-five thousand six hundred and two Pounds,

was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines;

subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and 1 by the aforesaid Ail were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and dev clared, by th, e Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of thirty-five thousand six hunr Application of the sa dred and two Pounds, as is or shall be more than fufffeient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, ac 'vins of the Laid Sum of cording to the Rules prescribed by the said Ail to be observed in the Application thereof, or any s.facl£'!'u., C

Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost paay> e "'ion va' their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objeils of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Ail, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And for the better and more easy Payment of the said Debts upon the said Lands and Treafarymay issuetoths Estate of Perth, by this Act di veiled to be paid and discharged, Be it further enacted by the Autho Hanks of Scotland, the rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or Slj, m ?6fo? difehanshu any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Cornmif she incumbraaavcf tu

honours i'crth Estate,

eher

o6

The Decrees sustaining the Claims thereupon, to be produced to the Court cn or before 5 July i

and Debentures to be then made out for the same, with thelnterest cue;

which are to be paid at Sight by the Bank.

Decrees not then produced, the Claims not to bear Interest after the said Day.

Barons of the Exchequer with Consent L the Treasury, to 1 n the Rewards due tc»Officers of the Courq,

and issue Debentures for the same, c.

No See to be taken by the Officers of the Exchequer from the Creditors of the said Estate,

on Penalty of tool, and Repayment of the See with Costs.

Surplus Moneys, arter discharging the Incum ranees cn the Perth Dilate, to be reserved for the filth re Dffipofuion of Parliament.

c. 36. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. A.D. 1758.

nonet s of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue or cause to be issued, in such Proportions as he or they Hi ill think Atto either or both of the Banks of Scotland at Edinburgh, or to either of their lawful Attorneys, a Sum not exceeding sixty nine thousand nine hundred and ten Pounds, fifteen Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, to be applied in paying and discharging the, said Debts, with the necessary Expense attending the Payment of the same, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Creditors, whose Claims have been sustained upon the said Lands and Estate, forfeited and annexed to the Crown as. aforesaid, or some Person or Persons on their Behalf shall, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, produce, or cause to be produced, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Decree or Decrees of the Court ofseftion, sustaining the said Claims; and upon Production of every such Decree or Decrees, the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to make out Debentures or Certificates under their Hands, with all convenient Dispatch, for the several Sums of Money, as well the Interest: computed to the Date of such Debentures or Certificates, as the Principal which shall appear to be due by and under the said Decrees respectively, or so much thereof as shall be then remaining unsatisfied; Debentures or Certificates shall mention the Nature of the Debt claimed, and the Date of Decree sustaining the same, and shall be issued and delivered to the several Creditors respectively entitled to the Sums therein contained, or to such Persons as shall be legally authorised to receive the said Sums in Right or in Behalf of the said Creditors, or any of them; and the several Sums contained in the said Debentures or Certificates shall be paid at Sight, without deduction, See or Abatement, by the said Bank or Banks, out of the Money aforesaid, to the said Creditors, or other Persons in their Right, or on their Behalf, in whose Names such Debentures or Certificates shall be made out, or to such others as shall be duly empowered by the Nominees in the said Debentures or Certificates, to receive the same; and the said Debentures or Certificates shall be to the said Bank or Banks, sufficient Discharges for such Payments.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Decree or Decrees sustaining the Claim or Claims of any Creditor or Creditors aforesaid, shall not be so produced as aforesaid, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, such Claim or Claims shall not carry any further Interest: to be computed from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons of the Exchequer I or any three or more of them, may and shall, and they are hereby empowered to settle and afeeft^in, with the Consent of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of tlvm now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Trea

for the Time being, the Rewards due for the Execution of this atto the Officers of the said Court, and to issue Debentures for the same, which shall be paid by the said Bank or Banks out of the Money remaining in their Hands after the said Debts are satisfied and paid; and such Debentures shall be to the said Banks, sufficient Discharges for such Payments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer or Officers of the said Court of Exchequer hall ask, demand or receive any Sum or Sums of Money' from any Creditor upon the said Estate, in the Name of See or Reward, or on any other Pretence whatsoever, for or on account of their Trouble in executing this Aift; and the Officer or Officers offending herein, and being thereof lawfully convicted before the said Barons, who are hereby empowered to judge and finally determine upon any Complaint brought against any such Officer or Officers, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be levied and applied by the said Barons in the same Manner as other Fines payable in the Exchequer in Scotland now are, and shall further be found liable to repay to the Party the Sum or Sums so illegally exadled, with full Costs of Suit.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Money by this AI appropriated for discharging all the said Incumbrances on the Perth Estate, after all the several Claims, and all Arrears thereof, are satis tied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by any future A or acts of Parliament; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1759.

C 1, 2.

407

Anno tricesimo tertio GEORGII II. Regis.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the thirty first Day of May, Anno

£\. Domini one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain,

France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; be ing the seventh Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An alto enable his Majesty's Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings or Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, notwithstanding any Suspension of the same; and for other Purposes relating to the Laid Laws.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several of his Majesty's Lieutenants of several Counties, Ridings or Places,

within that Part of Great Britain called England, in pursuance of the Power vested in them For former Laws refer by an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, & $ m c 3*

amending and enforcing, an Act made in the then last Session of Parliament, for the better order ca/tc*"*' 3*

ing the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called England, have suspended all farther Pro yc. 12.

ceedings in the Execution of the said Acts until the next Year and others of the Paid Lieutenants 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 23.

until March and April one thousand seven hundred and sixty; fa that no Proceedings can be had 1 Geo. ft. z<c. 14.

till the said limited Times are expired: And whereas the speedy carrying into Execution the several 9(g° c

made by Law, for the better ordering the Adilitia Forces of that Part of Great Britain el,

called England, is most essentially necessary at this Juncture, to the Peace and Security of this 31 Geo. 2. C z6.

Kingdom Therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad 32 Geo. 2. c. 20. vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled,

That from and after the passing of this act, his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Where a sufficient Num place, where a sufficient Number of Persons have not been found qualified and willing to accept ber of qualified Persons, Commissions of Field Officers and Captains respectively, as were equal to the Number requisite for willing to accept any one Battalion of the Militia within such County, Riding or Place, shall, and they are hereby re ^"vithin6an^coenquired, within one Month after the passing of this Acts, to i'ummon a Meeting at some certain Place ty> cu

within such County, Riding or Place, of all Persons qualified and willing to serve as Officers in the Act the Lieutenant is to Iitia of such County, Riding or Place, in order that every Person so qualified, and willing to accept any summon a Meeting such Commission, may, at such Meeting, deliver his Name in Writing, or cause it to be delivered to his within one Month after majesty's said Lieutenant, or, in case of his Absence, to such Personas shall he authorised by such parting f this Act, of all Lieutenant to receive the same, specifying also the Rank in which he is willing to serve; and his ^iw^serve as^ffi majesty's said Lieutenant shall proceed thereupon, and also in the further Execution of the Provi ccrsj to deliver in their fions of the said Acts, in like Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes (except as is herein after cx Names; cepted) as if such Proceedings had not been suspended as aforesaid, and as he and they respectively and is to proceed in the ought to have done, in case a sufficient Number of Persons so qualified and willing to serve as afore further Execution of the said had been found in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight: And in every County, las idling to the Riding or Place, where a sufficient Number of Officers shall not be found at the first Meeting held as 1 iere hai in pursuance of this act, the Lieutenants of such County, Riding or Place, shall summon a Meet thereof; "^'n ing within such County, Riding or Place for the same Purpose, once in every succeeding Month, me tfnns f^until a sufficient Number of Officers qualified and willing to serve as aforesaid, have been found; or fi purpose a re to be until the Expiration of the at for the better ordering the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Bri summoned monthly, till

a sufficient Number ftiali offer themselves, or until the Expiration of the Militia Laws.

tain called England.

II. And be it further enacted, That the like Method shall be annually observed during the Con The like Method to be tinuance of the said Acts, for carrying the same into Execution, as is directed in and by the said Act annually 0, bterr^dafnr of the thirty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign to be observed in the Year one thousand seven Execution! as is dihundred and fifty-eight; save and except, That the first General Meeting of the Lieutenant and restedbyaft 31 Geo. 2. Deputy lieutenants, thereby directed to be held on the third Tuesday in August, shall from and after to be observed in the the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine be annually held onyearl758; the second Tuesday in January,

Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, rtiall be annually held on the second Tuesday in January,

Six Days Notice of all such Meetings to be advertised in the London Gazette and Weekly Papers.

Sec farther Ch. 22 & 24 & 2 Geo. 3. c. 20.

Geo. 3. c. 17.

[Preamble,

Act 30 Geo. 2. C to.

arid Act 32 Geo. 2. ca.

further continued to 24 Dec. 1760, unless the Continuation thereof be Shortened by any other Act of this Session.

Preamble

Act 31 Geo. 2. c. 1. further continued to 24dec, 3760.

Farther continued hj 3 Geo. 3. c. 4.

D. 3 — 6. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Notice of the Time and Place of all such Meetings shall be given by the Lieutenant of every such County, Riding or Place in the London Gazette, and also in some one or more of the weekly Papers (if any such there be) usually circulated within such County, Riding or Place, at least six Days before the Day appointed for such Meeting.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue, for a further Time, the Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt or any ocher Sort of Grain or from Meal, Flour or Bran.

C 'IT WHEREAS the Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Bar' W lay. Malt or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour or Bran, is near expiring, C and it is expedient the same should be continued; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from jvloeat, Barley, Malt or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, which by several subsequent Acts was continued until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and also so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a further Time the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch; and also to continue for a further Time the Prohibition of the making of Low ifines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit for a limited Time the making of Low I Fines and Spirits from Bran, as prohibits the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran, which was to continue until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall he, and the same are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty; unless such Continuation of the said Acts, or any Parts thereof, shall be abridged or shortened by any other Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland.

WHEREAS the permitting the Importation of salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland into this Kingdom, hath been found useful and beneficial, and that the Time allowed for that Purpose is near expiring, and it is expedient that the same should be prolonged; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland, for a limited Time, and to amend the said Act, which was to continue in Force until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 7. 409

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for raising the Sum of eight millions by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Paid Duties, and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loll, burnt or otherwise destroyed

Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

C 'WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliamem assembled, towards raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray 3gt0> 3*3*

your majesty's Public Expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto

your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned and do most humbly

beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the The following Duties to

eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty there shall be raised, levied, collected, take Fiace from and

paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all after 8 Feb. next, viz.

Malt, the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any Time or Times shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of threepence, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Duties and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any Time or Times shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Duties and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any Time or Times shall be brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, over and above the Duty herein bef

Malt made in England to pay 3 d. per Bushel, over and above all other Duties payable thereon.

Malt made in Scotland, and also

ore

ranted upon Malt ble thereupon,

charge,

made in Scotland, and all other Rates, Duties or that may be payable for the same.

and Impositions, charged or

Malt brought from Scotland into England, to pay id, 2 q, per Bushel, over and above all other Duties payable thereon.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authori ons herein before granted, shall be ascertained, _ w, n C

into his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, in such and the like Form and ^therwife provid d°for, Manner, and under such Management, and by the same Ways, Means and Methods, and wit h as is ena£ud with respect such and the like Allowances and Repayments, and Power of making Compositions proportionably tomalttax, cof this and according to such Rules, Regulations and Directions, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures Present Ssfiion.

and Fines, with such Powers for Recovery and Mitigation thereof, and other Powers, in all re spefts not otherwise enacted, directed or" provided by this Act, as are prescribed, mentioned or expressed, for or concerning the ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing and repaying the several and respective Duties upon Adah within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which were continued and granted to his Majesty in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or as are contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in and by the said Act made in this present Session mentioned or referred unto, or any of them; and that the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, and all and every Act or Acts of Parliament therein mentioned or referred unto, as for and concerning the Duties upon Malt continued and granted by the said Act in this Session, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing relating thereto, in them, any or either of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now in Force, and not altered by this Act, shall be in full Force and Effect, and be duly observed, practised and put in Execution throughout this Kingdom, for ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing and repaying the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein before granted, during the Continuance of such rates, Jonties and Impositions, and for levying, recovering and mitigating the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and for doing all other Matters and Things, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were specially repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

ty aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties and Impositi The Duties to be afeer secured, raised, collected, levied, recovered and naid »a|oed, paid, c. in all

I O

C

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

A. 0.1759.

mt in Hand on 8 Feb.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be also raised, levied, 1760, whetner ground cobefied, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and t/rutt v p0u, J. upon every buhiel of Malt, whether ground or unground, made of Barley or of any other Corn or "u' Grain, belonging to any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or vinegar maker, either in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, in Trust: for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, Benefit or Account, upon the said eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty, the Sum of threepence, in that Part of Great Britain called eng arvi id. zq. in Scotland Band, I Fairs, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny, in that Part to be paid by the Pcfief of Great Britain called Scotland, and to proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; to be paid j'ois, over and a'oeve^all by the person or Persons respectively poliehed of such Malt, over and above all other Rates, °hereonuues - Duties and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties hereby granted upon

in handtn 8 Feb. 176c, alt, being Stock in Hand on the said eighth Day of February as aforesaid, shall be within the re tube under the Receipt ceipt, Management and Government of the several Chief Commissioners and Governors of the re snd Management of the ceipt of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors for the Time being, in Great Britain respectively; Commissioners and Offi and that all inferior Officers, whether they be sub of, Collectors, Supervisors, Gaugers or others, that are or shall be constituted or appointed for levying, receiving, collecting or answering of his Majesty's Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, shall, within the respective Limits or districts, or in the several Places or Stations to which they are or shall be appointed, be also the sub of, Collectors, Supervisors, Gaugers or other Officers respectively, for commissioners empower the said Duties by this act granted upon Stock in Hand; nevertheless under the Government and ed to appoint proper Of Direction of the said respective Chief Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or the major

nepre fn* though pni cm 1-. 1

ncers for the Purpose.

Part of them, who have hereby Power to dismiss or alter them, or any of them, and to make and constitute, from Time to Time, such and so many inferior Officers for the said Duties upon Stock in Hand, as to the said respective Chief Commissioners for the Time being, or the major Part

of them, shall seem meet.

Officers of Excise to take an Account of the said Stock in Hand,

Account of Stock in V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Malfters or Hand to be returned by Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, victual the Proprietors to the jers and vinegar makers, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, who in Trust for s^eb oavithin^o Daysem5 or any or either of them, or for the Use, Benefit or Account of them, or any or either of after, on Penalty of 50k them, shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her or their Houses, Outhouses, and Forfeiture of the Barns, Granaries or in any other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said eighth Day of February Malt unretumed: one thousand seven hundred and sixty, any Parcel or Quantity of Malt whatsoever, shall, on that

Day or within ten Days next ensuing, give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing, at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which, he, she or they, shall then respectively inhabit; upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and the Malt of which no such fmos w paidn pltll'n Account shall have been given, which shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; within feitureofdoiffile^hesum. one Calendar Month after he, she or they shall have given, or ought to have given such Account as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties hereby due or payable for such Malt, to the proper Officer or Officers for receiving the same: And that all and every such Malfters or Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retaillers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers and vinegar makers, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment, for his, her or their said Stock of Malt, within the Time by this act limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit double the Sum of the Duty which should have been so paid by him, her or them as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise respectively, to take a true and particular Account and Admeasurement of all such Malt, as any Malfters or Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers or vinegar makers, or any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use, Benefit or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall, on the said eighth Day of and free Access and En February one thousand seven hundred and sixty, have, be possessed of, or interested in; and for that trance, c. to be allowed purpose shall be permitted, in the daytime, to enter into any dvvdling house, Outhouses, Barn, them for thatfurpose, or otf, er pace whatsoever, belonging to every and any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller and Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler and vinegar maker, and each of them, who are hereby required to permit and suffer such Officer or Officers, upon his or their re quest, to make such Entrance on the said eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty upon such Malt shall be paid, and to take such Account and Admeasurement thereof, and to cast such Malt into a regular Form, for the better ascertaining the Quantity thereof; and if they, any or either of them, shall refuse to permit or fufter the Officers of Excise so to do, or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, in the due Execution of such Powers hereby given, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit twenty Pounds for every such Offence: And if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of a4alt, Brewer or Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, vinegar maker, or any other Person or Persons, having in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Quan dut paid To I. and the lity Malt chargeable by this act with the said Duties, or any Part thereof, for Stock as atore m°au so removed cr con Did, shall clanddtincly remove or carry away, or cause or fufter to be removed or carried away, the same, or any Part thereof, before the Duties thereupon shall be charged, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, or cause or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce to the inspection of the

Gauger,

on Penalty of 101. Penalty of clandestinely removing or concealing

cealed;

Gauger, such Malt, and every Part thereof, that then and in every such Case, every Person so offending, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Malt which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, hall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons and the Person, in whose in whose Custody such Malt shall be found, who hall not, before the Discovery thereof, give No Custody the same shall be tice at the next Excise Office, of the Quantity of Malt foin his, her or their Custody, shall also Notice before the8dif forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of such Malt. covery, to forfeit also

20s. perbulhel.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Au The Powers, c. in Act thorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, J^car. 2. C 24. and which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in oath' l^vs relatl(1st0 tituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights the Du tie? 0^ Stock in Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof) or by any other Hand on 8 Feb. 1760. Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors,

are provided, settled or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for Exception, which other Penalties on Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) strall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering and paying the said Duties upon Malt, which shall be Stock in Hand on the said eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Add.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and for Penalties in relation to feitures, in relation to the said Duties upon Stock in Hand, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, e Duties on Stock m or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be m^iglted as i^p^escribed be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or with respect to other Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session. Duties of Excise 5 Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; that one Moiety of every and to g one Moiety to such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other, hetsrotwc and the°tht: r Moiety to him or them that hall discover, inform or sue for the same. _ fecutov. " r

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after Payment Like Drawback and Al

of the Duties hereby granted upon Malt which shall be Stock in Hand upon the said eighth Day lowance to be made of of February one thousand seven hundred and fixly, all or any Part of such Malt shall unfortunately he Duties paid forstodc happen to be destroyed or damaged by Fire, or shall perish, or shall be damaged by the calting away in Hand os]>8teb. mcaie of, or by any inevitable Accident happening to any Barge or vessel in which such Malt shall be pe^tovdestroyed or transporting or transported from any Part of this Kingdom to another, such proportional Repay damaged, as is authored mentor Allowance shall be made to the Proprietors of such Malt in respect of the said Duty, as is to be made in the like by an Act passed in the ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duties upon ca^ss b'9Gc0

Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, authorised to be made in the like Cases, with respect to the Duties thereby granted; and the Amount of such Allowances and Repayments shall be afeer tained in such Manner, and upon such Notices, and under such Regulations as are mentioned in and prescribed by the said Act, and shall be paid out of the Moneys to arise by virtue of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the gauging or measuring ofgauseof ffe e^slid, for Malt for ascertaining the said Duties on Stock in Hand, the Bushel herein before mentioned shall be hand^betlf famea taken and allowed to be of the same and the like Contents as are mentioned and appointed in and; sappointed Act by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for granting Duties upon 12 Anna.

mmalt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, with respect to the Bushel therein mentioned.

brought and entered with such Officers, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfei officers, like mtnner, tures, to be recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways and Means, and applied to such Uses and and under the like Pe*as in and by the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament is mentioned, di nalties, as is prescribed reeled and appointed, with respect to Malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or Bcrzuick by the Malt Act of this upon Tweed, between the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty and the Session twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and the Sum of threepence and to pay 3d. per 'per Buftiel for the Duties thereof, over and above all other Duties and Payments, shall be paid down eu/hel, in ready Money to such Officers respectively, and in such Manner as the Duties in the said A mentioned are directed to be paid upon Malt so brought from Scotland; unless a Certificate from the unless a Certificate be proper Officer be produced, that it hath paid the Duty granted by this Act of one Penny Half pr?duc' d r*1 j'av, ns penny per Bushel in Scotland, either upon or in respect of the making thereof, or as Stock in Hand; £*ot]*n(j which Case and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than one Penny Halfpenny to pay only id. aq." ' per Bushel, by virtue of this Act, for such Malt so brought from Scotland; on Pain of forfeiting all per Bushel. such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or brought into England,

G g g 2 Wales,

No Allowances, Aba'e ments or Additions to b made to Malfters, &c. it respect of the Duties granted by this Act, other than such as are

sejtion.

412 C 7. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without such Entry or Payment of the Duty aforesaid: Forfeiture shall be recovered and applied in such Manner as any Forfeiture is directed or authorised, by the said Act made in this present session of Parliament, to be recovered and

applied.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time that any Duties, other than the Duties granted by this Act, shall be payable for or upon Malt, no Payment or Allowance whatsoever final 1 be made out of, or for or in respect of the Duties hereby granted, to any Malster, Maker of Malt, or other Person, in Consideration of any extraordinary Charges for Warehouses and Storehouses for locking up of Malt entered or made for

allowed in the like Cases Exportation, or for the Several Admeasurements thereof; nor shall any Allowance, Abatement or e Malt Act of this ition be made in the Gauging or Admeasurement of any Barley, Corn or Grain, making into Malt, or of the Malt when made, in Consideration of the Difference between the Quantity of the Corn or Grain when wet and swollen, and the Quantity thereof when it is converted into dry Malt; or of the Difference between the Quantity of Corn or Grain when it is making upon the Floor, and the Quantity thereof when it is dried and perfectly made into Malt; or in the Gauging or Admeasurement of any Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, or of such Malt when made; other than such respective Allowances, Abatements or Additions as are mentioned in the said Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, or any Act or Acts therein referred unto; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notv/ithhanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Claim or th duties topbe dedtfted Demand of any Bounty upon the Exportation of any whole or ground Malt, the Duties by this cut of the Valuation of Ad granted shall not he reckoned or valued towards the Price of such Malt, but shall be deduded the Malt; and the lioun in such Reckoning or Valuation; and that such Bounty shall be continued to be allowed and paid in ty to be paid under the such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and such Penalties

and Forfeitures shall be recovered, levied and mitigated, by such Ways and Means, and applied to such Uses and Purposes as are prescribed, directed and appointed by the Said Ad made in this present Session of Parliament, or any Act or Acts therein mentioned or referred unto; anything herein, or in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That wherever fom before 8 Feb. but not any person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or others, that are charged with the Duties

Oa demanding the Boun

Regulations, c. prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session.

Malt contrasted to be

delivered, the Buyer to pay the Duly

mentioned in this Act, shall have sold or contracted to sell any Malt to any Person or Persons before the said eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and Sixty, and not delivered the same to the Buyer; that then and in every such Case, the Buyer of the said Malt shall be obliged to pay to the Seller the Duty which Such Seller shall have paid for such Malt upon Delivery thereof.

Malt made and entered

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Malt which for Expurtauon only, nc ji<ath been or shall be entered and made for Exportation only, in such Manner, and according to

cording to the Regulations prescribed by Act 12 Geo. i. &rc. exempted from the Duty payable by this Act;

such Rules and Regulations as are prescribed and directed with respect to the making of Malt for Exportation, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, and for other Purposes; and according to the Rules or Regulations prescribed and appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and now in Force; shall be charged or chargeable, or subject or but no Drawback of the ] iable to any of the Duties by this Act granted; and that no Drawback out of the Duties to arise illowedon the^expor 6 virtue of this Act shall be paid or allowed for any Malt whatsoever which shall be exported from iation. any Part of Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas; anything herein, or in any other Act,

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where Rents are payable

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Rent is reserved in Malt, or according and payable in Malt, or if payable in Money, and the Sum or Quantity of Such Rent is to be acto the Price thereof, the certained by the Price of Malt, and is to increase just as much as the Price of Malt doth increase, it shall and may be lawful for the Tenant of any Lands or Tenements subject to any such Rent, to detain, dedud and abate so much of every such Rent as will amount to the Duty by this Act charged for every Quarter of Malt, or the Value of it in Money, that is so reserved, and so proportionality for any lesser Quantity; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Rent is reserved as aforesaid, shall upon the Receipt of the Residue of any such Rent, make an Allowance of such Deductions as aforesaid, and the Tenant be discharged, as if such Payment had been made without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt in the custody of any Maker of Malt shall be liable and subject to, and is hereby made chargeable with, all and Singular the Duties of Malt in Arrear and owing by any Person or Persons for any Malt made by and i'en.itics incurred, such Malster, or within his malt house, and shall also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such malt house, for any Offence against the Laws relating to the Duties on Malt; and that it shall be lawful in all Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and to life such Proceedings against such Malt, as it may be lawful to do in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and real Owner of the Same Malt.

Tenant may deduct the Duty.

Malt in Hind subject to Duties in Arrear,

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 7.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the Moneys which shall arise by the Duties hereby granted, shall be subject or liable, during the Payment of any other Duties upon Malt, to defray any Part of the Charges or Expenses of Collection or Management, or at any Time whatsoever be applicable, diverted or divertable, towards incouraging Fisheries or Manufactures in Scotland, or to any Use or Purpose (except such Allowances and Repayments as are authorised to be made by virtue of this at, and the defraying the Charges and Expenses of Collection and Management, when there shall not be any other Duties payable upon Malt) other than the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Officers who shall be employed in the afieffing, raikng, collecting, levying and recovering the Duties by this act granted, shall from time to time distinguish in their Accounts the Amount of the Moneys arising by such Duties, and shall pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, distinctly and separately from all Moneys to arise by any other Duties upon Malt; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Boole or Books which shall be provided and kept, in which all the Moneys arising by virtue of this act, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Moneys so arising and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer shall be the Fund established for the several Purposes herein after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities which by this act are herein after directed to attend as well the Principal Sum of eight millions, as the additional Capital which will arise by three Pounds to be given in and by a Lottery Ticket to each Subscriber, for and upon every one hundred Pounds advanced and paid towards the aid Sum of eight millions, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Rates, (Duties and Impositions, composing the Fund hereby established for the Payment thereof; and the aid Rates, Duties and Impositions are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XX. And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled have resolved. That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty in this present Session of Parliament, the Sum of eight millions be raised by transferable Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for a certain 1'erm; and that an additional Capital of three Pounds be added to every one hundred Pounds advanced; which additional Capital shall consist of a Lottery Ticket of the Value of three Pounds, to be attended with like transferrable Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for a certain Term: And whereas pursuant to and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of eight millions, and made Depofuts of fifteen Pounds per Centum on the respective Sums by them so subscribed with the Cashiers of the Bank of England: And whereas several of the said Subscribers may have already paid, or may hereafter pay unto the said Cashiers, the Whole, or some further Part or Parts of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, previous to the Days limited and appointed for the said respective Payments; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority foresaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such Subscribers who have made Deposits vith, or Payments of any further Part or Parts to the said Cashiers as aforesaid, to advance and pay,

and they are hereby required to advance and pay unto the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor nd Company of the Bank of England, the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively ubferibed towards the said Sum of eight millions, at or before the respective Times or Days, and 11 the Proportions herein after limited and appointed on that Behalf; that is to say, The further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, being Part of the Sum so remaining, on or before the twenty sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and fixfy; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, nher Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of April then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the thirty first Day of May then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the third Day of jidy then next following; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the fourteenth Day of August then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the sixteenth Day of September then next following; and the remaining Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of October then next following.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, paying in the Whole of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, in respect to their proportionable Share of the said Sum of eight millions, on or before the sixteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall be ntitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of the several Sums so paid on or before the said sixteenth Day of September, after the Rate of three poujrds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to, from the Day on which such Payment shall have been actually made, to the twenty-ninth Day of October then next following; such Allowance to be paid by the said Cashier or Ca ihiers out of the Moneys contributed towards the said Sum of eight millions, as soon as such re

4*3

No Parr of these Duties are liable, during the Payment of any o her Malt Duties, to any Charges of Collection or mm3gement, or to be applied towards incouraging the Fisheries or Manufactures in Scotland; Exception.

Separate Accounts to be kept of these Duties;

and of the Moneys arising. thereby into the Exchequer.

These Duties appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities chargeable on the Moneys borrowed on the Credit of this Act.

Contributors who have already made Deposits of 151. percent, of the Sums subscribed by them, towards [he Purchase of Annuities on the sum.of 8, 000, 0001., to be raised on the Credit of this Act, are to make their further Payments, via. iol. percent by26feb, 101. percent, by 25 March, iol. percent, by 29 April, 10 1. percent, by 3 1 May, iol. percent. by 3 July, 15l. percent. by 14 August, iol. percent, by 16 Sept, and the remaining iol. percent. by 29 October.

Contributors paying in the Whole of the sub feriptions on or before 16 Sept, to be allowed interest for the same, at the Rate of 3 1. percent, per Ann. from the Time of such Payment, to 20 Oct.

414

C

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

A.D.

175 9'

nvities to take Place 5 Jan. 1760.

Annuities to be paid haif yearly; viz. on 5 July and 5 Jan.

Subscribers for every

speclive Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have completed such Payment.

Annuities to carry 41.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every such sub percent for21 ears; scriber or Subscribers, Contributor or Contributors, shall be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate and after the Expiration of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, during the Term of twenty-one Years; and after the Ex 1 Cent term* 3'pr P'rat on thereof, to an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and no more, for and upon The. percent. An every one hundred Pounds by him or them respectively subscribed, advanced and paid; which Paid r ' Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day

of 'january one thousand seven hundred and sixty; from and immmediately after the Expiration of the said Term of twenty oneyears, there shall be paid, instead and in lieu of such Annuity, an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and no more: And the said Annuities shall be paid by

half yearly Payments, by even and equal Portions, on the fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of

January in every Year.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every such Subscri

icol. subscribed, and for ber or Subscribers, Contributor or Contributors, shall for and upon every one hundred Pounds by v'r'cent has°been^r made ^'111 or t; herri respectively subscribed and on which Deposits of fifteen Pounds per Centum have been aie intitled^o alottery' made as aforesaid, be likewise entitled to one Ticket in the Lottery herein after mentioned; which Ticket; said Ticket will be equal in Value to, and is to be taken and accepted as, an Addition of three

to carry 4i, percent for Pounds Capital on every one hundred Pounds subscribed as aforesaid; additional Sum shall

20 Years, carry an Annuity at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, during the Term of twenty

to commence 5 Jan. Years; and such Annuity shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January one

i7jij u t thousand seven hundred and sixty one: And from and immediately after the Expiration of the of that Term, topcar n Tcun of twenty Years, there shall be paid, instead and in lieu of such Annuity, an 31. per Cent.' Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and no more; and the said Annuities shall

These Annuities to be be paid by half yearly Payments on the fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January in

paid half yearly, viz. every Year.

on 5 July and 5 Jan.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid shall be transferrable at the Bank of England, subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is hereafter mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive any Part of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of eight millions, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums; and that the Receipts to be given shall be assignable, by Endorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and no longer.

XXVII. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or the High trea furer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the publick Use, all the Moneys which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said Sum of eight millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trull hereby in them reposed; shall from time to time pay all such Moneys so received, and account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon the Payment of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds so subscribed as aforesaid, and not before, to give a Note or Writing signed by him or them to such Contributor or Contributors, obliging himself or themselves to deliver to such Contributor or Contributors, or their Assigns, a Ticket in the Lottery herein after mentioned, of the Value of three Pounds by Way of additional Capital for everyone hundred Pounds by them respectively subscribed, towards raising the Sum of eight millions for the Purposes aforesaid, as soon as the Managers and Directors to be appointed for preparing and delivering out the said Tickets in the said Lottery, shall deliver to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Books comprehending the said Tickets.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue and apply from time to time, all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this present scf fion of Parliament.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accomp tant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered; which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and inspeci, without any Pee or Charge: And that the said Accomptant General shall on or before the fifth Dav of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly written on Paper of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

3

Annuities transferrable.

Cashier of the Bank to give Receipts for the Moneys paid in which are assignable at any Time before 5 Jan.

1761.

caciier to give Security;

and to pay the Moneys into the Exchequer.

Cashier, on Receipt of 1^1 percent, of the Sum subscribed, to give a Note for the Delivery of 1 Lottery Ticket for every 1001. subscribed.

Treasury to apply the Moneys to the Services voted by the Commons.

contributorsnames, Are, to be entered in the Of fice of the Accomptant Concral of the Bank,

Duplicate thereof to be transmitted into the Au ditor's Office by 5 July t ci.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 7. 415

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contributors duly pay The Moneys arising by ing the whole Sum subscribed, at or before the respective Times in this act limited in that Behalf, the Duties of this Act and their respetslive Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be appropriated to Payment entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the said several Annuities by this act granted, 0 C e nnu ties*

in refbe6t of the Sum so subscribed, out of the Moneys appropriated by this at for Payment thereof, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this at contained; and that the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

XXXII. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with, Contributors not ma or shall hereafter pay to the said Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of Money at the Times and in theming good their Bay manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sum so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective jpents wittan the r'me* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, ]>pofus>to r eu C^the Residue of the Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then,

and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sums so subscribed as shall have been a6tu ally paid in Part thereof, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public j anything in this at contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant Accomptant General to General for the Bank of England for the Time being shall, in a Book or Books to be provided and 8've Credit for the Sums kept for that Purpose, give Credit on or before the first Day of July next to the said respective Con in the Certifi tributors, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the principal Sums by a s'

them respectively subscribed and paid; and the Persons to whose Credit such principal Sums shall which may be transfer be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to eib assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be provided and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; and every principal Sum so assigned and carry 41. percent,

and transferred shall, during the said Term of twenty-one Years, carry an Annuity after the Rate interestfor2i Years; of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and after the Expiration of such Term, instead and in lieu and after the Expiration of the said Annuity, an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken Term 31, Per

and deemed to be Stock transferrable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this AI, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to a Proviso herein after contained for that Purpose.

XXXIV. And whereas it is intended that every such Contributor of the Sum of one hundred Managers and Directors Pounds, towards raising the said Sum of eight millions, shall have, and be entitled unto an additional of the Lottery to be ap 1 Capital of three Pounds in a Lottery Ticket; which Tickets are to be prepared, and a Lottery to pointed by the Treasury. s be drawn, in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate and appoint, shall be Managers and directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do, and perform such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in and by this at directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers and Directors shall meet together, from time to time, at some public Office or Place for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts in them reposed by this at; and that the said Managers and Dire6iors, or so many of Method of the Lottery them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books to be Books, prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns, and upon the innermoa of the said three Columns there shall be printed forty thousand Tickets, Part of eighty thousand Tickets by this at intended to be made forth, to be numbered one, two, three, and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression, where the common Excess is to be one, until they rise to and for the Number of forty thousand; upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed forty thousand Tickets of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the said Books there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every Picket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket, and the present Year of our Lord Christ) Words to this Effedft

1760. C r V HI S Ticket will entitle the Bearer thereof to such beneficial Chance as shall belong ' J. thereto, in the Lottery to be drawn according to an act of Parliament passed in the thirty third Year of his Majesty's Reign.'

"Duplicates also of the said Tickets to be prepared in Books with two Columns, on each of "which 40, 000 Tickets to be printed. Chance of the Tickets in the Books with two Columns, to "be determined by the Drawing of the Tickets in the Books with three Columns; and the same "Numbers in both entitled to equal Chances. Managers to examine the Books of Tickets, and "deliver them to the Receivers; taking Receipts for them. Receivers shall cut out, and deliver

"signed

4-i6 C 7. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 175c

signed Tickets to the Contributors, who may also sign the same. Receivers to return the Book with the Remainder of the Tickets. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fastene with Silk; and cut 01t indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A.) Box to be locked up an. 44 sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 40, 000 Tickets to be printed The Number and Value of the fortunate Tickets. 500). to the firif drawn Ticket, and 1000 i 44 to the lask drawn. Tickets of the outermoit Columns of the last mentioned Book to be roll up and tied, and cut out indentwise, into a Box marked with the Letter (B.) Box to be locke up and sealed. Public Notice to be given of Times of putting the Tickets into the Boxed Lottery to begin drawing on 17 November 1760. Method to be observed in drawing, c. Aftcj each day's Drawing, the Boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate Tickets and the Sums to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the Managers. Penalt of Felony on forging Tickets or Certificates. Managers to be sworn, and to be paid by the Commissioner of the Treasury out of the Lottery Money. Limitation of Sale of Chances, c. Per

Tonnes selling Shares in Tickets of which they are not possess'ed, to forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, declared to be punishable, air

may be sued for in Dublin. After the Drawing of the Lottery, the Tickets to be exchanged so Certificates. Managers to give Notice of the Time for taking in the Tickets, and deli verm out the Certificates, csv. Books to be kept for entering Persons Names, and the Number o 44 their Tickets, c. Certificates to be signed, cifc.

Accompfant General to give Credit for the Prin cipal Sums in the Certificates.

Alignments may be made of the said Sums, AP.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directe as aforesaid, shall upon receiving the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Person named therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the prin cipal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such principa ( Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Admin istrators shall and may have Power to assign or transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be pre pared and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; the said principal Sums shall

carry the said Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, during the said Term of twenty Years i and after the Expiration of such Term, an Annuity of three sounds per Centum per Annum, and mil

Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and Notes to be given in lieu thereof.

more; and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by this Act, according to the Power

and Authorities herein after mentioned^until the Redemption thereof; and the said Accomptant

A Chief Cashier, and Accomptant General, to be appointed by the Bank for paying the Annuities.

t eafucy to issue Money for that Purpose to the said Cashier,

v ho is to account for the same.

Accomptant General to examine the Receipts and p.nmcnis of the Cashier.

Annuities deemed a personal lifiate. &c.

A r uii ici deemed a Joint h.'ccjr;

General of the Bank of England for the Time being, is hereby authorised and directed to cancel an file the Certificates, as they shall from time to time be received by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, testifying the principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

LVI. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the transferrable Annuities effablifned by this Act, Be it further en added by the Authority aforesaid, Tnatithe laid Governor and Company 01 the Bank of England, and their ouccefi ors, shall from time to time, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys from time to time arising into the said Receipt of Exchequer, from the said Rates, Duties and Impositions by this Act granted and appropriated, as shall be sufficient from time to time for Payment of the said Annuities, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High T re a furor for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued lor, had and obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be ifi uetl and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the time being, by Way of Impressed, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from time to time be ifltied, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Account thereof, according to the due Course Of the Exchequer.

EVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all Persons who shall] be inti tied to any of the said Annuities, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Lfhite, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the cuf! om of London, or otherwise; Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstandinv.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 7. 417

the Purchase of the said Annuities, or to which they shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, hall

have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the said

Annuities attending the same, after the Rates respectively as aforesaid; and that the said whole Ca and made transferable.

pital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, hall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise.

LIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any timeclaufeof Redemption, after the Expiration of twenty-one Years, to be reckoned from the fifth Day of 'january one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and not sooner, upon six Months Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the said Sum of eight millions, and of the said additional Capital, or any Part thereof, by Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at one Time, in such Manner as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the said Annuities; then, and not till then, such and so much of the said Annuities as shall be attending on the principal Sums so paid off, hall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, hall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly kept tranjer Books to h' by the said Accomptant General for the Time being, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the '" omf

said Annuities hall, at all seasonable Times, be entered and registered; which Entry shall be con M f

ceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such Assign stock! °*£ 5

ments or Transfers, or if such Parties be atofent, by their respective Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, hall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, hall be good or available in Law.

LXI. Provided always, That all Persons poitcffed of any Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, Annuities devisable by or Estate and Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more V 1'credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, till so much of the Entry to be made of such said Will as relates to any Share, Estate or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, be entered clauie in the Will, in the said Office; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, hall go to the Executors or Administrators; that no Stamp Transfer not liable to Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the con stamp Dut, es trary notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys Treasurj to pay all ind arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of eight millions, any three or more Charges attending

the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to xeculon 0 C 1s

discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them hall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowancesand to make an allow as shall be thought proper, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for Aaomptant General*1 receiving, paying and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have Power to make p r 1

out of the Fund hereby established, or out of the Sinking Fund, such further Allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities, payable by virtue of this Act; and also for the Service,

Pains and Labour of the said Accomptant General, for performing the Trust reposed in him by this V r

Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the p. Of the bank", said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Go Bank to continue acer vernor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation till all the Annuities, by this Act granted, shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein before contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Adember thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be de No See for Payment of manded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said Contribution Contribution Moneys, or any of them, or for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any Sum great or mall, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Offender or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, hall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; and that all Receipts and I/tues, and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done or performed by the Officer there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Reward or Gratuity for the same; and in case the Officers of the Exchequer hall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or hall misapply or divert any of the Moneys to be paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the true intent of this Act, or shall not keep such Books, Registers or make Entries, and do and perform all Things which by this Act they are directed and required to do and perform; every such Offender shall forfeit Vol. VIII Hhh Ins

41 8

C

7

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

A.D.

1759-

excv.equfr Tellies and Orders made out in pur fjance of an Act of the Isfl Session for raising j.oooo, oco 1. thereon, may be received as Caih in Part of the Deposits, ortu ure Payments, of the Contribution Moneys subscribed on the Credit of this Act.

Tallies to be thereupon cancelled, rnd the Orders n CD as discharged.

Officers indemnified for so doing.

his Place, and be for ever; after incapable of any Office or Place of Trull whatsoever, and shall an ever and pay Treble Costs of Suit to any Contributor or Person claiming under him that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no efi oin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, injunction or Older of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff, upon Recovery, hall have full Costs of Suit; one third of which Sum shall be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two Thirds shall be to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

1 LXV. And whereas in pursuance of a Resolution of the House of Commons, several Tallies and Orders made out at the Exchequer by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein menti oned, have been received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in lieu and instead of Caih, in making the said Deposits; other Tallies and Orders made out by virtue of the said Act, may, in pursuance of the said Resolution, be in like 1 Manner received by the said Cashier or Cashiers in the said subsequent Payments; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Tallies and Orders as have been made out at the 1 Exchequer by virtue of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and shall be tendered by the said Cashier or Cashiers at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Part of the said Deposits, or of any future Payment or Payments of the said Contribution Moneys, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall be so tendered, be set off and directed, without any Regard to their numerical Order or Course, by the Auditor of the said Receipt, to be taken and allowed as Cash to the amount of the principal Sums therein contained, and the Interest thereupon to the Time the same were or shall have been received by the said Cashier or Cashiers; and such Tallies and Orders shall accordingly be received ns lb much Caih in Part of the said Deposits and future Payments respectively, and be allowed in the Accounts of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to have been paij and discharged, and the Right and Interest of all Persons in and to the same shall cease and be extinguished; such Tallies shall be cancelled, and such Orders shall be kept in the proper Office or Offices, in such and the like Manner as if the same had been paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer in the due Course thereof out of the said Contribution Moneys, and as if the Auditor had directed Payment, and the Clerk of the Pells had recorded, and the Tellers made Payment, according to the Usage and Custom of the said Receipt; and all the Ministers and Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance or by virtue of this Act; anything in the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

J'i;*, cr Orders which.

LXVI. Provided always, That no such Tallies and Orders shall be received by the said Cashier nient at the^excheque?, " or Cashiers in the Payment of the said Contribution Moneys, after the said Tallies and Orders shall not io he received in t'ay he in Course of Payment at the said Receipt of Exchequer.

ment of the said Conlri

LXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the Produce of the said several Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby granted, for Payment of the said several Annuities, shall not he sufficient to pay and discharge the Several and respective Annuities and other Charges directed to be paid thereout, at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times, before any Moneys of the several Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby granted, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half yearly Days of Payments before mentioned, that then, and in every such Case, the Monty so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be issued out of the Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced, by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said several Rates Duties and Impositions, after the said several and respective Annuities, and ail Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Overplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And whereas in making of Malt, p radii led before the granting any Duties thereon, the Barley or other Corn or Grain, during its ftceping in the Cistern, uting fat or other vessel, did usually rise and fvvcll so considerably, it was thought reasonable upon granting the said Duties

ia

butior.s.

i>fii encies of the Exchequer, chow to It nude good

5l.nki.ig Tand to be le plactd.

sorprut monies.how to U ipgltui.

A.D.

1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgi r H. '7

in all Charges for Duty to be made by the Officers of Excise from the Cistern or Couch, to a!

low to the Maiders and Makers of Malt, four Bushels in every twenty Bushels, and so proportj

onably upon every greater or letter Quantity, in Consideration of such Rise or Swelling of the Corn; which Allowances have been, and are made accordingly; And whereas many Malfters or Makers of Malt, do continue their Barley or other Corn or Grain in the Cittern, uting fat or other Vessel, but a very short Time after the first Wetting of the same, whereby the Rise or Swelling as aforesaid, is much prevented, and beareth not a due Proportion to the said Allowance " given on Account of the Rise and Swelling thereof, by which Means such Malfters not only obtain the Allowance aforesaid in the Cistern or Couch, although the Reason for making the same vs in a great Measure taken away, but also reserve to themselves a further Advantage, by swelling the ^corn after it has been gauged and charged in the Couch, by means of watering it on the Floor,

where it" has the Allowance of ten Bushels in twenty, which Pradfices are greatly detrimental to

the Revenue and fair Trader; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That if from and after the said Maltster not G»(T rirg tbs

eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty, any Maltster or Maker of Malt, du grain in ih« ciflera o

ring the Continuance of the Duties on Malt, shall not wet or steep his Barley, or other Corn or 'watc^anj"

Grain, intended to be made into Malt, in the Cittern, uting fat or other Vessel, so as that the same r rr^jin there 40 iimrs shall be covered with Water, and continue so covered in such Cittern, uting fat or other Vessel, for not intitlcj to the the full Space of forty Hours from the Time of its being first wet and covered with Water as afore usual Allowance of said, before he shall drain or take, or draw the Water from the same; such Maltster or Maker of Bushels in a, in charg malt, shall, in such Case, not be entitled to the said Allowance of four Bushels in every twenty, in insr>utics by auge. charging the said Duties by Gauge, either in the Cistern or Couch; anything in this or any for _ Choose ts^ wendtd ty

mer Act or Acts contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And whereas several Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets,

and likewise for Annuities of diverse Kinds, payable at or near the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, as also several Receipts of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng laud, or some of them, for Moneys contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities transferable in the Books of the said Governor and Company, or for other Moneys payable there in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, have, by Casualty or Mischance, been lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed;

which Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Or 4 ders of the respective Denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in where it shall appear by all Cases where it shall appear by Affidavit to be made before any or either of the Barons of the Ex Affidavit before theba. chequer for the Time being (who hall interrogate the Deponent thereupon) to the Satisfaction of r"bs r, he Exchequer, such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer Bills, or any such Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, ^0 uety rickets° 1- c' Orders or other Orders as aforesaid, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hun, e!y 1c, 'ccs', C'n dred and sixty, have been, are or shall be, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, or that there be good ot1het vif"destroyed Reason to believe the same have beeit burnt, lost or otherwise destroyed, it shall and may be lawful t], e pro, r owr 'upon for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue or make forth such Exchequer Bills, Tic th producing; o them 3 kets,

C

419

to 1

Barons *- j. of hand

are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make qj ilsp&c, tca

and grant without Fee or Reward) and on Security given to the said respective Officers and Persons to their good Liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons whatsoever for or concerning the Moneys specified in, or due upon, such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, Order or Orders, they the said Persons respectively shall and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay, satisfy and discharge the same, and all and pay off the inter; .*

such Ime rest as is or shall be due on any of them carrying interest, or to make forth Stock or trans due thereon, ferrable Annuities in lieu of such Receipts as he or they should have paid, satisfied or discharged, or made forth on the said original Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders or other Orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money, in their respective Accounts; and in all Cases where the Signing of the Commissioners of his Treasury imooware.; to majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be northeast the Duuiicati, cellary for making the said Duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall wlicr« necesiaij, and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to sign such Duplicates accordingly.

LXII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or proferuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Actor of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their De General Idle, fence: And if, upon Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nouluited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to tr. b!ecode, him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

H h h 2

C 8.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[Preamble.]

S or former Labi's Core >-«.«£ refer So is H. 6- e. ts & 19.

7 II 7. C 1. 2 S' 3

A: '. 6. C 2. 43 £/. C 3.; I Cjr. 2. C I. 12 y&rr. 13. 1 G. 1.

3 G. 1. C 2.

w

1. C

O ('SO. 2. C

22 Geo.

44. as Geo. 2. C i.

After 25 March 1760, curing the Continuance. this Act, every max'.ne Officer and ['rivati Man on Shore,

WHEREAS it mny be necessary for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain, that a Body of Marine Forces should be employed in his Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral, ' or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And whereas the said Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being re quisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed; ' that Marines who shall mutiny, or stir up Sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and itxty, if any Person being entered, or in Pay, as an Officer of Marines, or who is or shall be lifted, or in Pay, as a Private Man in any Company of Marines in his Majesty's Service, and on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Act shall be voluntarily entered, and in Pay, as a Marine Officer or Private Man in his Majesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Action Shore, in any Place within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, shall begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition, in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces in his Majesty's Service, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall desert his Majesty's Service; or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, in his Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding or shall be found flecping in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine; or shall be found steeping upon his on, or shall desert his Post, or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of ivft, or hold ffiegai Cor his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Erctr cs"of his mvdiv Manner whatsoever; shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without his Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great bri trihall firike, or difofcay tain for the Time being; or shall strike, or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being

\vho shall desert

mutiny, or

if C

or list in any other Regiment, tec.

in

Punishment as a court martial shall inllia.

his superior Officer; hall the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; ail and luftti Death, cr such every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall after Death, or such other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted.

The Lord High Admiral,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may, from time to or Commissioners ior rhyme, during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three r.xccunrvg that Office or more Gf the faj(j Commissioners for executing the Laid Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time

nay grant a Lommimon i.

10 hold General courts r taitul. tec.

comts m rtia! miy m fl i f Corporal punish u.riit for Innmor ties, tec.

all

to grant a Commission under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Marines in his Majesty's Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General court-martial, at any Place or Places on Shore in this Realm, or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas; in every of which courts martial all or any of the Offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the Offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such Manner as by this Act is directed.

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such court-martial re fpcclively, by their Sentence or Judgement to inflict Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, cn any Marine, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, on Shore, in any Place or Places within this Realm, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, during the Continuance of this Act.'1

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and laltyimpowired to make for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office Aititisj for Punishment of Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act to make and establish oi mu ii y and Del t sues arl(] Articles in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punishment of

Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour, and Neglect of Duty, in any of his Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, in any Part of this Realm, or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; to credl and comstitute court-martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflidl Punishments by Sentence or judgement for the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adh

Lords, tec. of the Admi

lion, tec.

And to f.cnftitiite

Y. Provided

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgrt II

C 8. 421

None to be adjudged of Life or Limb, but for Crimes expressej to be so punishable by this Act.

General court rmrml not to confiil of leis than 13, and the President to be a Field Officer, or Officer next in Seniority, not under the Degree of a Captain.

May administer an Oath to witnesses.

Officers to be sworn.

V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, by the said Rules and Articles, within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, except for such Crime or Crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this Act.

It. i;

And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General court-martial which shall have Power to sit by virtue of this acts shall consist of a less Number than thirteen, whereof none to be under the Degree of a Commission officer of Marines; and the President of such court-martial shall not be under the Degree of afield Officer of Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot be had; in which Case the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, shall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every witness, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before tlvenr.

VII. Provided always, That in all trials of Offenders by General court-martial, to be held by virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon,

shall take the following Oaths upon the holy evangeliffs, before the Court, and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, who are hereby authorised to administer the lame, in these: Words j that is to say,

r

T OU shall well and truly try and determine, according to the Evidence which shall be given The Oath. ' JL in the Matter now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, and the Pnl'oner to be tried

1 So help you God.

1.

I A.B. do swear. That I will duly administer Justice, according to an Act of Parliament now The Oath, X in Force for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; and according to the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Fa 4 your or Aftedion; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliamentor the said Rules and Articles) according to my Conscience, the best of my Understand ing, and the Custom of War in like Cases. And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court, until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain neither will 4 I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness,

by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law

So help me God.

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President The Judge Advocate to of the Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the judge Advocate, or to the Per be iworn. son officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words

I IB. do swear, That I will not, upon any Account, 'at any Time whatsoever, disclose or The Oath.

X discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law

So help me God.

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General court-martial In Sentences of Death, as aforesaid, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers pre nine Officers to con (ent than thirteen, then the Judgement shall pal's by the Concurrence of Two Thirds of the Offi cur' c cers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall he had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Hours of Trial.

Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VIII. Provided always, That the Party tried by any General court-martial to be held as afore The Party tried, entitled said, shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such court-martial, upon De to a Copy of the Sentence mand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they pay a d Proceedings of the ing reasonably for the same) at any ime not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, who coure martial

there such Sentence be approved or not; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officia Original Proceedings, &c. ting as such, at any General court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required ot court-martial, to be to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Oppoi tunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, transmitted to thesecre the original Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the [3ry^f. ths Admlra Time being; which original Proceedings and Sentence ituih be by him carefully kept and preserved ty'

in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain, to the End that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X Provided always, and be it hereby declared an 1 enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or None to be tried a second Private Man, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, at anyj uch court-martial as aforesaid, Time for the same shall be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other court-martial for the same Of 0llence*

fence j

4.2 2

S'enteoce not to bz rr*\ roo e than once.

Desertcrj beyond Sea, Sec may he tried here or 'in Ireland.,

This Act not to exempt any on Shore from, ordinary Process.

Persons acquitted by the Civil Magistrate, mliy only be cadriered by a Court tnaitial,

Persons accused of Capita! Crimes, c. to be delivered over to the Civil ma ilira'.e. c.

Fictitious Names allowed by his Majesty's Order upon the muster rolls, for the Maintenance of Ollicers Widows, not to be construed a false Mulder.

1'ay mailer to pay the full Pay of such Men to the Receiver.

Constables, c. to quarter Officers and Men in Inns, Alehouses, chut

in no Distillers Houses, or Shopkeepers, or in any private Houses,

.5) T ainn<p(.tricesimo tertio geo^g h. XL A.D. 1759.

XV

same, -; 'and that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, E liable to be revised more than once. t.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, if any Officer or Private Man shall desert his Majesty's Service in any of his Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and shall escape any comeinto. this. Realm \or, Ireland, before lie be, tried by a court-martial for such offei/ce, and shall be apprehended for the same; such Officer or Private Man shall be tried for the same, as if the said Offence had been committed within this realm. 'M.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Marine, either Officer or Private Man whatsoever, while on Shore, from being, proceeded, against. b.y.the ordinary ccurce of Law.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons being acquitted ot convinced of; any Capital: Crimes, Violences or Orrences by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be punished byia court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Marine Officer, non commission Officer, or Private Man, shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate or Property of any of his Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the knovvn Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and a flirting to the Officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purport, ro deliver over any such acoufed person' to the Civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fact is committed, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to bc ipso facto cashiered, and flial 1 be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or imployment within this Kingdom, or in his, majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be tranlinitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

XV. And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously plcaftd, in Companion to the distressed Condition of several Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to direct his Commissary General of the Muffers, to allow upon the muster rolls of all the Regiments, Troops and Companies, a Number of fidfitious Names therein mentioned, instead of Private Men, in order to raise and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are or shall be inti tied to his Royal Bounty: Therefore for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious intentions, with respect to the allowing of fidfitious Names upon the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore, for the Purports aforesaid; it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this Act to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for the Time being authoiirtd to pay the said Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fidfitious Private Men as shall be allowed on the muster rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, to the proper Receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to such Orders and Instructions as his Majesty shall be pleased to make under his Sign Manual, for the Purport aforesaid; and that no Allowanced' any such fidfitious Name upon any muster roll of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, shall he construed to be a false Muster; any Thing in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of the said Marine Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer (in pmfuance of an Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being) it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, jfales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Abrtnce, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Civil Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men in his Majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, victualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Methcglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and except the Hourt or Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places of diddling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the Hourt of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchai di', es, than in Brandy and Strong Waters (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit cr suffer Tippling in his or their Houses) and in no other, and in no private Houses

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 8. 423

whatsoever, without the Consent: of the Occupier; nor shall any more Billet's at any time be ordered, than there are effective Marines present to be quartered; and iif any gonftab'le; tyth ingmari, or suchlike Officer or Magistrate as, aforesaid, shall presume to quarter on billet act, such Officer or'

Private Man in any such'.private House; without the consent of the Occupier; 'in such Oafe such Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any Marine Officer ball take upon him to quarter Penalty on Officers otnr private Men, otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace tering Private Men tonne or Compulsion to any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to trary t ° this A c deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso faslo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Imployment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service; provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman Persons aggrieved by be or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate (such Chief. Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice inb quartered on, m y of the Peace) has quartered or billeted in his House a greater Number of Marines than he ought to antve"e'lteved. ° bear in Proportion to his Neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty where such Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall he obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and Private Officers and Marines to

Men so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall he received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer be iurnished at the Rates by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling house s, and the Houses of Sel ot 1 et

lers of Wine, by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer.

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any Innholder or other Person on whom any non com What Innholders may

million Officers or Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or im alow Men n

ployed in Recruiting; and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of leven Days inf edu 01 V 'au at most, for such non commission Officers and Private Men who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raised) shall be deftrous to furnish such non commission Officers or Private Men with Candles,

Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Alan per Diem, gratis, and allow to such non commission Officers or Private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Aleat, and shall give Notice of such his Define to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then and in such Case the non commission Officers and Private Men so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who Avail actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of such non commission offices and Private Aden, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer, to the non commission Officers and Private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such non commission Officers and Private Men are quartered; anything herein contained to contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Adamic Officer Penalty on taking m shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly fuster to be taken, any Money of any Person for ex neto excuse any l'eu'cn cussing the quartering of Officers or Private Men or any of them, in any Hotife allowed by this from quarterin£

Act, every such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any Military Imployment whatsoever.

XX. And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service, for the Commanding Officer to have a Power to exchange the Billets or Quarter of Marines quartered in the same Town or Place;

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Officer of Marines in Commanding ofn. fr any Town or Place where such Marine Forces are quartered!, ballard he is hereby declared to have niay exchange m.irmes Power, from time to time, to exchange any Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place, in the'r Qilafters* for any other Marine or Marines quartered in the same Town or Place; provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively, where such Men shall be exchanged; and the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers Constables to billet th and Magistrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any of the said Marine same accordingly. Forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. from and after the twenty-fifth No Paymaster, x c. today of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, no Paymaster, or other Officer or Person o^er^o^nvltc^!, t whatsoever, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Ada Me" rp°y; r'w line, either Officer or Private Man in his Majesty's Service, orqrom their Agents, which Avail

grow due from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty;

424

L ceptions.

Q. 8.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

A.D.

17 5 9-

Officers to give Notice to In keepers of snbilft ence money in their Hands,

Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkepers, &c. ter Marines Quarters.

Officers not giving Notice of subsistence ino ney, and paying Quarters.

Paymaster to satisfy them out of the Company's next Pay,

other than the usual deduielions for Clothing, and twelve Pence in the Pound to be disposed of ns his Majesty shall think fit, and the one day's Pay in the Year for the Use of the Royal hof pital at chelj'ea, and such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be directed by the find Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

XXII. And that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and Private Men, while on Shore as aforesaid, may during the Continuance of this Act be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, Re it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Lid twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, every Officer or other Person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive the Pay or subsistence money, for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Marine Forces, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which hall from time to time be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subsistence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or private Men are quartered by virtue of this AI; and shall also appoint the said Inkeepers and others to repair to their Quarters at such Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or subsistence money to such officers or Private Men, which shall be within four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid; the said Inkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and private Men so quartered in their respciftive Houses; Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or Private Men: Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for one Marine Commission Officer under the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and small Beer, per Diem, one Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horses, for each such Horse or Horses, for their Hay and Straw, per Diem, six Pence; nor for one Private man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, fourpence: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately upon producing such Account stated, fa tisty, content, and pay the same; upon Complaint and Oath made thereof, by any two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City wherein such Quarters were (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) the pay master or Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces is hereby required and authorised (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Marine Officer or Officers; upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Person shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby authorised and required to deduct the Sums he shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said justices, out of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Company to which such

an! Officer to be cashier Officer or Officers shall

belong;

and such Officer or Officers shall for such their Offence, or for northeast

Ceriificates for Money due, C.

Paymaster to pay the Sum certified for.

glecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or subsistence money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso faro cashiered.

XXIII. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any Marine Officer or Private Man shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Private Man, or such Officer or Private Man shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be, or are not On moving from Quar paid, as this at directs; In every such Case it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer ters, the Officer to make shall before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Company shall remain up Accounts, and give for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts as this act directs, with every Person with whom such Company shall have Quartered, and signa Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate so by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Company to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper Paymaster of the Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the end the same may be applied to such Company; under Pain as is before in this act directed for Nonpayment of Quarters.

wretin'^otland as the

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Laws invoce at\he quarter Officers and private Men of his Majesty's Marine Forces, in Scotland, in such and the like

Union direct. Places and Houses as Officers and private Men of the land Forces might have been quartered in by the Laws in Force in Scotland at the Time of the Union; and that the Pofteflors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Marine Officers and Private Men quartered there, as by the said Laws in Force at the Time of the Union was provided with respect to the Officers and Private Men of the Land Forces; and that no such Marine Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh. sufficcs to order Conf: a

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more re lor themarine fovccs on 6u^ar prov'fl°u of Carriages for his Majesty's Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, their March, Clothes or Accoutrements, in England, ll^ales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and preciinsis being

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 8. 425

ing duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and shown unto one or more such Justices by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, or Precinct, from, through, near, or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages, with able Men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City,

Liberty, Hundred, Division, or Precinct; then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shown to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division, or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is of are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned, of the High, Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall Rates for Carrisges. provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wagon with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin Proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for penalty on officers for the Use of whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and conltrain any dng Wagons to travel Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel more than one day's Journey, or shall not discharge more than one day's the same in due Time for their Return Home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such Journey, cas are Tick) or any Woman, to ride in the Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners by themselves, Servants, or Private Men; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds;

Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of his Majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds accordingly to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace, and is also hereby im powered to deduct the same out of such officer's Pay.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Con Penalty on Constabler, stable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of the said Justice or Justices of c. Neglect. the Peace, as shall be directed unto such Constable or Petty Constable for providing Carriages as aforesaid; if any Person or Persons, 'appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing, whereby the Execution of any such Warrant or Warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; such Constable or other Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor leis than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XXVII. And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this Act appointed to be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding such Carriages, may not in many Cases be sufficient to an fwer the Charge and Expense of providing the same, whereby the said Constables may be fre questlyat great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burden of the Township of which they are respectively Constables, or else the Persons furnishing such Carriages may be grievously oppressed To prevent which, and that such Overplus Charge may be born by each County or Riding at the general Charge of such County or Riding; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer ortreasurers of each respective Treasurers of the County County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such rea to repjy the con tabie's sonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, over and above txtr "oulinar.v^arges. what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring such Carriages, out of the public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, i

as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter sessions^assembled, within their respective jurisdictions shall, from time to time, during the Continuance of this act, majte, direct and

C 8.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

The Money for those Purposes how to be raised.

No Wagon, c. to car ry above 20 hundred Weight.

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided.

Marines Wives, c. not to be quartered without Consent.

Penalty,

Penalty on Officers or Marines destroying the Game.

appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward), Regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Roads through which such Carriages are to travel.

XXVIII. And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned 3 It is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter sessions shall have Power from time to time to raise Moneys upon the respective Counties or Ridings in such Manner as they now raise Moneys for building or repairing County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, impressed by the Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above twenty hundred Weight) anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces quartered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnisher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in Force in Scotland at the Time of the Union, with regard to the furnishing Carriages for Land Forces.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Act authorised to quarter Marines in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall at any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or maid servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Marine shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Judge Advocate, be ipso facto cashiered; if a Constable, Tythingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XXXII. And for the better Preservation of the Game, in or near such Place where any Officers or Soldiers shall at any Time be quartered; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, any Officer or Marine shall, without Leave of the Lord of the Adanor, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, take, kill or destroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fish, or his Majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) every Officer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where such Offence shall be committed) and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in Manner aforesaid: if, upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXIII. And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert, and be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and Justice to commit them, ought to be with the Company to which he belongs; such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Correction, or other public Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or n transmit an Account Westminster, cr Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty to the Secretary of the for the Time being, to the End such Person may be proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of every such Deserter, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter; shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward, on account of the Imprisonment of any such Define r; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not ithstanding.

XXXIV. And for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such I>tenors; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant in riring to the Collector or Collectors of the Imid Tax Money of the Pari flor Township where such Deserter filial I he apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, into the Hands of such Person

Confhbles may apprehend Deserters, and carry them before a Justice.

Act a 11 y c>ai I beeper to receive the Subsistence of dc fcitcr:

t'.rwa d sot taking up l)r fetters.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 8.

-427

Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his Majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors, to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any De Penalty on Persons con ferter from his Majesty's Marine Service, knowing him to be such Person so offending shall (cal nb Deserters, ct forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, clothes,c,

buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; every such Person so offending, in each, any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; and upon con vidlion by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's 'Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds shall be levied by warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices, of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended; and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be p id to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did or doth belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters; having knowingly received any Aims,

Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King; or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattles, whereon Distress may be made, to the value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not Pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction; then, and in such Case, such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and ni2y, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XXXVI. Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the Punishment of such who This Act to extend to shall harbour, conceal or assist Deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwise Deserters, c. in Ireland; receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Marine or

Marine Deserter, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all Ends and Purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in Execution in that Kingdom, by all Justices of the Peace, and other Officers respectively, according to the Tenor and during the Continuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and everything Continuance of this Act, herein contained, shall be and continue in Force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

XXXVIII. And to prevent, as far as maybe, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that may be Volunteer liable to

made upon Marines, whereby his Majesty and the - Public may be deprived of their Service; It is r me

hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is entered orcnmin" juer> shall enter himself as a Volunteer in his Majesty's Service, as a Marine, during the Continuance of

this Act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt or other just Cause of Action; unless for a real Debt and unless, before the taking out of such Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) of the Value of 10 the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall oath of the Debt t be make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out ofnude beforea juds'j which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action on which the same shall be grounded; a Memorandum of which ada Memorandum Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath ba^omheprocefs'* no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of '

this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to otherwiseprisonerto be chfcharge such Marine so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or discharged, with Costs. bees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Marine, so arrested, was legally entered as a Marine in his Majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to award to the Party lo complaining, such Costs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable:

the Recovery whereof, he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Action -

And

I i i 2

Plaintiff giving Notice, may file a Common Appearance,

and proceed to Judgement and Execution.

Penalty on Constables, c. neglecting to quarter Marines.

Penalty on taking Money to excuse any Person from quartering,

and on Victuallers refu frng to receive Marines.

To prevent Abuses in quartering, Justices may order Constables to give an Account of the Number of Officers and private Men, and where quartered.

Cliufe for Relief cf per f>na baftily lifting themselves.

C 8. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

XXXIX. And to the end that honest Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered as Marines in his Majesty's Service, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be aftifted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to them selves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such Person or Persons so entered, or left at his or their last Place of Residence before such entering, to file a common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid; at, or anything herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, confta ble, Bedel or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by Virtue or Colour of this at, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any Marine Officers or private Men, shall neglaft or refuse, for the Space of two Hours, ro quarter or billet such Officers or Marines when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this al directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or hall receive, demand, contraift or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Victualler or any other Person, liable by this aceto have any Officer or Marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Marine so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; hall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things herein before respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to non commission Officers and Marines so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer); every such High Constable, Constable, Bedel or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XLI. And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Marines, in purftt ance of this af; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for anyone or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this atto require and command any High constable, Constable Bedel or other Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Marines in pursuance of this acto give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and private Men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons, upon whom every such Officer or private Man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and private Men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLII. Provided nevci thclcfs, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Marine or Marines in his Majesty's Service, he and they shall within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such enlisting respectively, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief magi strate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer of Marines) and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Distcnt to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each Person so dist enting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or negletft, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and, pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and takcvi to be enlisted, as if lie or they had given his or their A (Vent thereto before the said Justice or Chief ma gistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted liimfelfor

themselves.

429

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9.

themselves. such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted; setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the second and third Sections of the Articles of War for the better Government of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the Paid Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons, until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Marines that shall a <51 contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General court-martial to be thereupon called, shall, for such Offencej be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majesty's Service.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's Marine Forces, as well Marine Forces being, Officers as private Men, shall, from Time to Time, during their being respectively born as Part k°rne, as, >aj the of the Compliment of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, be subject or liable in like Manner, in ofw^r^re fabic^o ber all Respebts, as any Officers or Seamen employed in his Majesty's Sea Service are subject and liable governed by the Rules to be governed and proceeded against, and punished for Offences committed by them during the established by Act 22 Time they shall be born as Part of the Compliment of such Ships or Vessels, according to the Pur Geo. 2- c 33> port, Tenor, Effect and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending? explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels and Forces by Sea; this present at, or anything herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Du For former Latex con ties thereon, for shortening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from tekr^l^t.^z; Wheat, Barley, Malt or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour and Bran; for encou Car 2 4*

raging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for more effectually securing i the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relan ding or Importa cf

tion thereof. m, j.t. n.

1 Ann. ft. 2. C 14.

Ann. C 12. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 3. 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. 8 Geo. 1. C is. 11 Geo. 1. c. 30. 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. 6 Geo. 2. c. 17. 7 Geo. 2. r

14.9 Geo. 2. c. 23. 10 Gcc. 2. C 17. 11 Geo. 2. C zb. 15 Geo. 2. c. 25. 16 Geo. 2. c. 8, 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 19 Geo. 2. C 12. 20 Geo. 2. c. 39

24 Geo. 2. c. 40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. c. 11. 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 29.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the high Price of Spirituous Liquors hath been a principal Cause of the Di minution of the Home Consumption thereof, and hath thereby greatly contributed to the Health, Sobriety and Industry of the common People: And whereas it is therefore of the utmost Importance to the public Welfare, that some timely Provision should be made for preventing the Return of all those Mischiefs which mull unavoidably ensue, in case such Spirituous Liquors

should again be fullered to be sold at as low a Rate as formerly: And forasmuch as the most effectual and expedient Method of continuing the high Price of Spirituous Liquors, will be by laying a large additional Duty on such Spirituous Liquors; May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty first Day of The additional Duties

April one thousand seven hundred and sixty there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his following laid on Spirit

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the several Kinds of j10115 liquors, to take

Spirituous Liquors herein after mentioned, specified and enumerated (over and above all Duties, ^jac.? fr0gt1 and

Charges and Impositions, by any former Aift or Acts of Parliament thereupon respectively set, rated on '

and imposed) the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise, herein after mentioned and expressed

; that is to say.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any Sort The Duties of Drink or Wash, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from Brewers Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers Wash or Tilts, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, five Pence.

For every Gallon of Strong Waters or Aqua Vita? made for Sale of the Materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Shilling and threepence.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers' thereof, one Shilling and threepence.

For every Gallon of Spirits made or drawn from any foreigner imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, eight Pence.

For

43° C 9. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first extraction, made or drawn from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except those before mentioned, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Gallon of Spirits made for Sale from Cyder or any Sort or Kind oi British Materials, except those before mentioned, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Shilling and one Penny three Farthings.

For every Gallon of Tingle Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, one Shilling.

For every Gallon of Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, two Shillings.

The Duties in England to be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise there; and those in Scotland, under the Commissioners and Officers of Excise thcie.

The Moneys arising thereby, to be paid into the Exchequer at Westminster,

separare from ai! other Brandies uf the publick Revenues.

C ncerr.ing Spirituous Liquors Jce farther cb. 28, and 2 Geo. 3. c. 5

II. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying and securing the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed on the said Spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds therein, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as are charged upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted and manufactured in, or imported into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenues of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Rates and Duties, as are imposed by this Act upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in, or imported into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf: And all Moneys arising by the said Duties in Great Britain, or any Part thereof (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at weji minjlsr, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues; and hall stand appropriated and be applied to the same Uses and Purposes respectively as the present Duties on Spirituous Liquors are now applicable and appropriated unto.

The additional Duties upon Rom impor ed from the British Plantations, to be paid in like Manner as the former djties charged thereon.

Act 30 Geo. 2.

and 32 Geo. 2.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Duty hereby charged upon Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, shall be paid and payable in such Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore charged on such Rum or Spirits are now by Law paid and payable.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, it was enacted, That

an Act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit, ' for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, malt"or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, which by several subsequent Aits, was continued until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; and also so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a further Time the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and Starch; and also to

continue for a further Tune the Prohibition of the making of Low Wines and Spirits from wheat, Barley,

Malt or any other Sort of Grain, or from Meal or Flour; and to prohibit far a limited Time the making of Low Vines and Spirits from Bran, as prohibits the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Bran; which was to continue until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, should be, and the same were thereby continued from the Expiration thereof, ' until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, unless such Continuation of the said Acts, or of any Parts thereof, should be abridged or shortened by any other

Act to be made in this present Session of Parliament; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority The Prohibition cf ex aforesaid, That from and after the twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, ttacting Spi, its from the the prohibition established and enacted by the said Acts of making, extracting, or distilling Low Materials mentioned m \yjnes and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt or any other Sort of Grain, and from Meal, Flour

or Bran, or any Mixture therewith, and all Penalties, Powers and Regulations in the said Acts, so far as the same could or might extend or operate with respect to the making of Low Wines and Spirits from the Materials aforesaid, after the said twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall ccafe, and he no longer in Force or Efteit; anything in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times after the said twemy first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty. durintr the

the recited Acts, taken off;

unless during the rc ce s of Parliament, (he P, ice of Wheat shall ex rejcfs' of ]

ifter the said twemy first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, during the Parliament, the Price of Wheat shall exceed forty-eight Shillings the Quarter jvinchcjh) Meaftire, for two successive Market Days, in the Port of London, and it shall appear expedient to his Majesty, his Heirs or Sticceflors, to prohibit the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, london; which Case, Barley, Malt and any other Soit of Grain, and from Meal, Flour and Bran, or any Mixture there the k.me may, by IV wiit shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to

feed, lor two successive Market Days, 48 s. per Quarter in ihe i'oit of

claina nm, continue the pfoh.b tion.

L ime, by his or their Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of 1 his

The Oath to be taken by the Exp rter, m order ro intide him to'e Drawback, instead of the Oath appointed by the lecited

Aa.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. 431

his or their Privy Council, or by his or their Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, from time to time, to prohibit the making, e xtracting or distilling of any Kind of Low Wines or Spirits from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, an 1 any other Sort of Grain, and from Meal,

Flour and Bran, or any Mixture therewith, for any Time or Times during such Recess, or until twenty Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

CVI. And whereas the Oath appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his ai 6 Geo. a. C 17. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act for laying a Duty on Compound Water; or Spi - rits; and for licensing the Retailers thereof \ and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Running of Bran dies, to be taken by the Exporters of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, has prevented the Exportation of such Spirits after they have been rectified; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, upon the Exportation of such rectified Spirits, instead of the Oath aforesaid, in order to entitle the Exporter to the Drawback, Allowance or Bounty on the Exportation thereof. Oath shall or may be made that the same were drawn or made in Great Britain from Corn, without any Mixture with any other Materials, either native or foreign, except what has been necessary for the rectifying thereof; and that the Duties of the said Spirits have been duly paid; and that the said Spirits are to be really and truly exported as Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas.

VII. And for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from the Materials aforesaid, or any of them, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, there shall be an additional Drawback or Allowance of twenty-four Pounds ten Shillings for every Tonne of such Spirits so drawn or made in Great Britain, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas; and upon Oath bein made before any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or Ju itices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Spirits are intended to be exported, that the Duties of the same are duly paid, and that the same are to be exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas; and upon producing a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the Officer or Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits were shipped, of the Quantities so shipped, and that the same were Proof Spirits, and shipped in the Presence of such Officer or Officers; the Distiller or ]3i(fillers, or other Person or Persons exporting the same, shall be allowed or paid back by the Commissioners of Excise, or their collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits shall be dripped off, the said additional Drawback or Allowance of twenty-four Pounds ten Shillings for every Tonne of such Spirits so shipped off, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and that the same Drawbacks and Allowances which are given by this or any former Act or acts of Parliament now in Force on the Exportation of British made Spirits to Parts beyond the Seas, as Merchandise, shall be allowed and paid to the Distiller or Distillers,

Merchant or Merchants, on his, her or their shipping any such Spirits as Stores to be spent and consumed on Board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas: And when any diffiller or Distillers,

Merchant or Merchants, shall be desirous of shipping any such Spirits as Stores as aforesaid, and shall give five Days Notice thereof to the respective Commissioners of Excise, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall respectively from time to time appoint for that Purpose, mentioning in such Notice the exact Dcflination of the intended Voyage, the Tonage of the Ship or Vessbl, and the Number of the Mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons so to be respectively appointed by them as aforesaid, to ascertain the Quantity of such Spirits which shall be shipped on Board such Ship or Vessel as Stores, and for which such Drawbacks and Allowances shall be paid, and also the Size and Marks of the Cask or Casks in which such Spirits shall be so shipped; and on Oath being made before any one or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or ju dices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Spirits are intended to be exported, or before such other Person or Persons as shall be respectively authorised by the respective Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose, that the Duties of the same are duly paid, and that the same are to be shipped as Stores to be spent and consumed in the Voyage; and upon producing a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the Officer or Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits were shipped, of the Quantity so (Flipped, and that the same were Proof Spirits, and shipped in the Presence of such Officer or Officers; the diffiller or Distillers, Merchant or ader chants shipping the same as aforesaid, shall be allowed or paid back by the Commissioners of Excise, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits shall be so shipped, the said Drawbacks and Allowances for such Spirits so shipped as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, That neither the said Drawback or Allowance, or any other Drawback,

Allowance or Bounty, shall be made or paid for any Quantity of such Spirits which shall be exported as Merchandise in any Cask which shall contain less than one hundred Gallons; nor shall any such Drawback or Allowance whatsoever be made of paid for any Quantity of Spirits which shall be exported as Merchandise, or shipped for Stores as aforesaid, that shall be shipped on Board of any Vessel or Vessels of less Burden than one hundred Tonnes.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Spirits shall be entered for Exportation to Ireland or his Majesty's Plantations in America, the Goods shall be duly exported to, and landed where the same are

Exporter

Air additional Drawback of 241. 10 s. per Tonne allowed on all British made Spirits exponed; Oath being made of the Payment of the Duties, and a certifica'e produced of the Quantities shipped; of the same being Proof Spirits.

The same Drawbacks and Allowances to be made on Spirits slipped as Stores;

giving previous Notice thereof, and of the de ftination of the Voyage, the ship's Tonage and Hands

and the proper Officer ascertaining the Quantity, and the Size and Malic of the Vessels;

Oath being also made that the Duties were duly paid;

and a Certificate produced of the Quantity shipped.

No Drawback allowed for any Shirks exported as Merchandise, in Calks containing le s ih.in ictx Gallons, nor shipped on Board Vessels under 100 Tonnes Burden.

Exporter to give Bond, and Security in double the Value, that the entered for Exportation;

C 9.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

sn i "ct exported to or /eianded in any other Place.

The Bonds no: to be dif 'fharged till a Certificate be produced from the

Quality of the Spirits;

and Oath also made by the Exporter at Home,

Exporter or Exporters thereof, in order to entitle him, her or themselves to the Drawback or Allowance given by this Act, or any other Drawback, Allowance or Bounty, shall, before the shipping of the Spirits, and the granting any such Certificate in consequence thereof, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excite for the Time being, or any three of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall from time to time appoint for that Purpose, in double the Value of the Goods, Drawback, Allowance and Bounty, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in such Port of the Kingdom of Ireland or such Place in his Majesty's Plantations in America, for which the same was so entered for. Exportation; and that the same shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, nor relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or either of them; and such Bonds so entered into shall not be delivered up or discharged, until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, or Surveyor of the Customs, or other chief Officer of the Port i Ireland, or the planta yroper o lccr road, of tins in where such Spirits shall be landed, testifying the Landing thereof, and describing

ue L: ° " e'e0*the Number of the Casks or other Package containing the Spirits, and the particular Marks of such Casks or Package, and the exact Quantity of Spirits landed, and also testifying that the Matter, Mate, Purser, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel during the Voyage in which eii.l of Onthmade by the the said Spirits were exported, had made Oath before him. That the said Spirits, and every Part Hmeere fair 1 v*anded thereof, were fairly landed there, and that at the Time of Landing the y were of the same Quality there, and without any as when shipped on Board; and that no Part of such Spirits had been wilfully or fraudulently dimi fraud in the Quantity or nished, relanded or unshipped (nice the Exportation thereof (which Oath the said respective Officers in Ireland, and the Plantations in America, are hereby empowered to administer) and until Oath shall be made before the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain for the Time being, or any one or more of them, or such other Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint for that Purpose (who is or are hereby respectively empowered to administer such Oath) by the Mer -- ofetof a 'the plac dlf* cant Exporter (if living) that to the bell of his, her or their Knowledge or Belief, the said Spirits Mentioned in ths Oath had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the Oath referred to in the Certificate: referred to in the Cer And the Condition of all such Bonds to be given for the Exportation of any such Spirits to Ireland, tificate, shall be, to produce such Certificate in six Months from the Date thereof (the Danger of the

Certificates from Ireland, Seas antj Enemies excepted); and the Condition of all such Bonds to be given for the Exportation of returned"'vkhin* six Je any bich Spirits to the Plantations in America, shall be, to produce such Certificate in eighteen Months* from the Date thereof (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted :,) And in case any

and from America, with such Spirits shall be entered for Exportation to any other Parts beyond the Seas in Europe, then the in eighteen Months. Exporter or Exporters thereof shall, before the shipping of such Spirits and the granting such Cer l'rkx Security, c. to be tificate, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to be ap proved of as aforesaid, in double the Value of the Goods, Drawback, Allowance and Bounty, that Europej the same and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really

2nd truly exported to, and landed in such Port or Place for which the same was so entered for Exportation; and that the same shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark sr.l like Certificates to be or Man, or either of them: And such Bonds so entered into shall not be delivered up or discharged,

'f 'u" D' "until a like Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul, or other Person acting as such, in the Port or Place where such Goods shall be entered for and landed, and the like Oath made by the Merchant Exporter, if living (which respective Oaths the respective British Consuls, or other Persons acting as such, and the respective Commissioners of Excise, or other Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, are hereby respectively empowered to ad ar*f the Certificates to be minister; the Condition of such last mentioned Bonds shall be, to produce such Certificate in sfftum«r*fifteen Months from the Date thereof (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted): And in case Wke Security, c. tobea, ny ^'uc'1 Spirits shall be entered for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas in Africa, then the £ivtn upon Exportation Exporter or Exporters thereof shall, before the Shipping of such Spirits, and the granting such VII Spijiti to Africa 5 Certificate, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be approved of as aforesaid, in double the Value of the Goods, Drawback, Allowance and Bounty, that the same and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) he really and truly exported to, and landed in such Port or Place for which the same was so entered for Exportation; and that the same Hi all not he exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, or rclandc.d in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, ijerfcy, Alderney, Sark or Man, and like Oath to be made or either of them; and such Bonds so entered into shall not be delivered up or discharged, until L Him T &ccdue Proof i; > made by the Oath of the Master, Mate, Purser, or other Person having the Charge of the

UIIJ.DB meieoi, ghjp

or Vessel during the Voyage in which the said Spirits were exported, that the said Spirits, and

produced from the Bri fcifh Consul in those Ports, c.

every Part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of in or on some Part of the Cofift of Africa, and that at they ime of being so landed or disposed of they were of the same Quality and Condition as when shipped; and that no Part of such Spirits had been wilfully or fraudulently diminished, or rc landed in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or acdbe supported by either of them; and by the Oath of the Merchant Exporter (if living) that to the belt of his, hcr theoaihof theerpoitrrj or their Knowledge and Belief, the said Spirits had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the Oath made by the Master; Mate, Purler, or other Person having the Charge of the the d Proofs to t ejrnd* Ship or Vessel during the Voyage; which Proof shall be made within eighteen Months from the

eighteen Months,

Date

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. 433

Date of each respective Bond 3 which respective Oaths last mentioned the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they shall respectively

appoint for that Purpose, are hereby respectively empowered to administer: in case no The Bonds may be put ia

such Certificates shall respectively be produced, or Proof respectively made as aforesaid, within the Suit the Certificatei

respective Times herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Com prrrj°js, te not d "*

missioner of Excise to cause such Bonds to be put in Suit, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to

forbear the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

X. And for the preventing the Relanding of such Spirits after the same shall be shipped, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first Day of April If any Spirits entered for one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in case any such Spirits entered as Merchandise for Expor Exportation, or as Stores, tation, shall not be really and bona fide shipped and exported (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies |^]eje ^ouforh excepted) or in case any such Spirits entered as Merchandise for Exportation, or shipped for Stores, an e'or n0 expcr "* shall be landed again in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or either of them, unless in case of Distress to save the Goods from perilling, which shall (excepc ir. Cases of di be presently made known to the Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Principal Officers of the ^thw ith ro^h^proier^ Customs in the Port; then not only all such Spirits, and the Casks or other Package, shall be for officers) such Spirits are feited and lost, but also the Person or Persons who shall bring, or cause or procure to be relanded liable to be forfeited with such Spirits, or any Part thereof, into any Part of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Guernsey, the Package, together Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or either of them, or be assisting or otherwise concerned in the un with double Oae Amount shipping the same, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come after the unshipping thereof, 0 C e raw ac cor by whose Privity, Knowledge or Direction the said Spirits, or any Part thereof shall be so relanded, shall forfeit double the Amount of the Drawback, Allowance and Bounty for such Spirits, and the Casks and other Package containing the same, together with the vessels and Boats, and allard the Boats, Horses the Horses, or other Cattle and Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the landing, removing. Car .^i^andh^ the riage or Conveyance of the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the farrje. and vhe Master, Customs or Excise; and if any Master, Commander, or other Person belonging to any Ship or c. if privy to or affirt vessel, shall assist in or connive at the fraudulent landing any such Spirits as aforesaid, he, she or '"g therein, may be com

they (over and above all other Penalties provided by this or any other act or acts now in Force) mitted for six Months j

shall for every such Offence suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months without Bail or mainprize: in Case the Package of such Spirits so entered as Merchandise for Exportation, or any and if the Package be Part thereof, shall be altered at any Time after the Shipping thereof, and before the Arrival of the altered before Arrival at Ship at the Port or Place of Discharge., the Master or other Person taking Charge of every such Ship the place o( Discharg^, or Vessel shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds. the Mailer forfeits 100j.

XI. And for the preventing of Frauds which may be committed in the Exportation of such Spirits All Spirits to be exported, so drawn or made in Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and ars required to be Proof after the said twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, all such Spirits so to Spims*

be exported shall be Proof Spirits; and in order that the fume may be properly examined, and the Flve Days Notice is to be

Casks marked, when any Person or Persons shall be desirous of shippine; any Qaamiiy or such Spi f^en' e °rc 1 C lp'

rits, they are hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Excise of the Di jer6officer, 'vision or Place where such Spirits are intended to be shipped, five Days next before such Spirits shall be t ut on shipboard; which Notice shall be expressed the Number of Casks, and the Quantity of Spirits so intended to be shipped; it shall be lawful to and for the Gaugers, or other Offi ho !s cers of Excise, to mark all and every such Casks or other Package, in such Manner as the respective Commissioners of Excise shall direct, before such Spirits are shipped; also before the Ship (if demanded^ping thereof, as well as when on shipboard, to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding one Pint in the Whole out of each of the said Casks, or other Package containing such Spirits, paying for such Sample or Samples (if demanded) according to the Market Price Spirits of the like Quality shall be sold for at the Time such Sample or Samples shall be taken: And in case any Person or The Penalty or not Persons shall put on shipboard any such Spirits for Exportation as Merchandise, or to be used as giving such Notice, or Stores, without having given such Notice as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder the Gaugers, or the Officer in

other Officers of Excise in the marking such Casks, or in taking such Sample or Samples, he, she f hli

or they shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds: And if and the Penalty of aher the Spirits so intended for Exportation as Merchandise shall, after the Shipping thereof, be altered ing or reducing the qna or reduced in Quality or Quantity, after any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have examined the lity or Quantity of the same, the said Spirits, and the Cask or Casks, or other Package or Packages containing the same, arter beine

shall be forfeited and lost, and the Person or Persons who shall have so altered or reduced such Spi thtsoirvr rits, or caused or procured the same to be altered or reduced, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence; and no Drawback, Allowance or Bounty shall be allowed for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall The Penalty of granting knowingly or wittingly grant any false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase, or alter any Oath or Cera kite Certificate; or tificate made or given pursuant to this act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use counterfeiting r altering thereof, such Person or Persons shall forfeit five hundred Pounds; which Forfeiture shall and may or makl^use^hereo; ^be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exc'he js; 0ol.°

quer in Scotland; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One moie y to ihe and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute and recover the same; wherein Crown, and the other

to mark (he and take Sam jame

Forfeiture of and icol.&rc.

no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and Von. VIII K k k such

to (he Prosecutcr,

Persons liable to be deemea cosnmon Diiijl jeis,

and to be surveyed, c. accordingly.

Distiller is to give six Hours Notice to the proper Officer before charging his Still;

except within the Times herein mentioned;

and not charging his Still at the Times, or in an Hour after, frefti Notice to be given; and if he charge his Still, except within the Times limited, without due Notice, he forfeits 100l.

and using above one Quarter of Wheat, to two Quarters of other Grain in his Grist for "Wain, he forfeits 501.

Recital of Clauses in Act S Geo. 1. c. 18.

C 9. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

such Oath or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, erased or altered, shall be invalid, and of no Efrcdt.

XIII. and for the more effectual securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirits, Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, every Person or Persons making or keeping any Wafii, Cyder, or other Materials fit for Distillation, and having in his, her or their Possession or Occupation any Still or Stills, containing separately or together ten Gallons or upwards; Proof being made thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any one or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby respectively empowered to administer the same; shall be deemed and taken to be t common Distiller for Sale, and shall be liable to the several Rates and Duties of Excise, and be fub je£t to the Survey of the Officers of Excise, and to the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, in any wise relating to Distillers; Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And for preventing of Frauds that may be committed by Distillers charging their Stills privately with Wafii that has not been duly taken an Account of by the Officers of Excise, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first: Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, no Distiller or Maker of Low Wines, Spirits, Aqua vitaor Strong Waters, shall on any Pretence begin to charge his or her Still with Wash, Spirits, or other Materials, without first giving to the proper Officer or Officers of the Division or Place where his or her distilling ho use shall be situate, six Hours Notice at the lead: of his or her Intention to charge such Still, unless at such Times as are herein after mentioned; that is to say, From the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Eight in the Evening; and from the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of Three in the Morning and Nine in the Evening: And in case such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters, shall not begin to charge his or her Still at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour next after, such Notice shall be void; and the Distiller shall be obliged to give another like Notice in Writing before he or she begins to charge his, her or their Still: And if any Distiller or Distillers shall begin to charge his, her or their Still or Stills with Wafii, Spirits, or other mate rials, except within the respective Times aforesaid, without having first given such Notice or Notices respectively, every such Distiller or Distillers shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first: Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, if any Distiller or Distillers in preparing his Grist for Wafii, in order for Distillation, shall use or cause to be used more Wheat than in the Proportion of one Quarter of Wheat to two Quarters of any other Grain, every such

niftiii

or Distillers shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

urd 12 Geo. J.

XVI. And whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infeft ion thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Sfuarentine; and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject; was enacted that if any Foreign Brandy, Arrack, Strong Waters, or Spi ' rits, of any Kind whatsoever, should, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Har ' hour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat of the Burden of forty Tonnes or under, according to the Admeasurement prescribed in the Act therein mentioned (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on Board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for each such Seaman) every such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furni ture and Apparel, as also all such Brandy, Arrack, Strong Waters, or Spirits, or the Value there ' of, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be Seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs,

and Should and might be prosecuted and divided in Such Manner and Form as was prescribed in certain Acts therein mentioned: And also further enacted, That if any Boat, Wherry Pinnace,

Barge, or Galley, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than four Oars, Should be found within the Limits therein mentioned, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be

Seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Per

using or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, Should also forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Pounds; with a Proviso, exempting certain Vessels therein mentioned from the said forfeitures: And by the said Act it was directed, That the Ship, Vessel, or Boat importing So ' reign Brandy, Arrack, Strong Waters, or Spirits, or such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley as aforesaid, Should, after Condemnation thereof, be burnt and wholly destroyed; the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel thereunto belonging, be publicly sold to the best Advantage

And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled, Art ' Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, the Conimif Sinners of his Majesty's Customs were empowered to cause any such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Wherry,

Pinnace, Barge, or Galley (except as before excepted) which Should be seized and condemned as aforesaid, to be used by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, together with the Tackle, Furniture,

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. 435

5 niture, Apparel, and Materials belonging thereunto, the Officer or Officers who seized the same being first paid his or their Share or Shares: And whereas by an act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the

public Revenues; for preventing Frauds in the Salt Duties; and for other Purposes; 1 Powers were given to the Officers of the Revenue of Excise to enter into any Ship or Vessel within the Limits of any Port in this Kingdom, and search for and seize Arrack, Rum, Brandy, Spirits,

or Strong Waters, and Coffee, Tea, Coconuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Paste, with the Packages

thereof, in the Manner and for thereasons therein mentioned: And whereas no Provision is made e by the Laws in being to empower the Officers of Excise to seize any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Wher ries, Pinnaces, Barges, or Galleys, and it would be it further Means to prevent the Clandcstine Im ' portation of Spirituous Liquors, if they were empowered to seize such Ships, Vessels, Boats, Where ries, Pinnaces, Barges, or Galleys, in the same Manner the Officers of the Customs may now legally

do Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first Officers of Excise, as

Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Offi well as those of thecu cers of Excise, and every of them, and they and each of them are hereby required to seize all and fe, zeall Vef*

every such Ships, Vessels, Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges, 'or Galleys, as are declared to be for be 'the recited feited for any of the Reasons contained in the said acts, or any of them, in like Manner as the Of } 1

beers of the Customs may now legally do; which Ships, Vessels, Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, and proceed to Condcm barges, or Galleys, so seized by the Officers of Excise, shall and may be proceeded against and con nation, c in like man tlemned by such Forms, Ways and Methods, on the Part and Behalf of his Majesty and the Officers "Tas ls done by the of Excise, as now are or may be used on the Part and Behalf of his Majesty and the Officers of the ° lccr2 0 1 e u 'orr" s Customs; and after Condemnation, burnt, destroyed, or used, and the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel thereof disposed of and applied by and under the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise and their Officers, in like Manner as is directed with respect to the Commissioners of the Customs and their Officers.

XVII. And whereas many Evils have arisen to the Public by reason of the compounding or rec This Ctause repealed by tifying of Spirits by Persons practising the Trade or Business of Making or Distilling Spirits from a Geo. 3. c. 5./. 3 c Corn or Grain Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the maudistillercompound twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, if any Person practising the Trade, ing or reaifying Spirits or Business of Making, Extracting or Distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or Grain, cr any lnt0 Glnr Brandy, or Mixture therewith, or having any Interest, Share or Property in any such Trade or Business shall, di other compound spiri rectly or indirectly, either by him or herself or any other Person or Persons in Trust, or for his or hertuous Benefit, rectify, compound or make any Sort of Spirits into the Liquor commonly called Gin, or into Brandy, or any other compound Spirituous Liquors whatsoever, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and that the Heirs, Executors, ad ministrators, or Assigns of any Person who hall, after the said twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, have been guilty of the Offence aforesaid, hail not be entitled unto 0 sue for or re over an or maintain any Cause, action or Suit, for Recovery, either in Law or Equity, of any Sum or Sums pebt on thavtrade!^of Money, Debt or Demand whatsoever, on account or by reason of any Interest or Property See farther % Geo '>,

in, or Profit or Advantage arising in respect of, any Spirits made, extracted or distilled from t g.

Corn or Grain, or any rectified or compounded Spirituous Liquors whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Au The Powers, Rules, pe thorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, nalties, clauses, c. in which in and by an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, inti lz Car a c tilled. An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Excffe now invorce^ex service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law tended to this Act.'now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale or other Liquors, are j^car. 2. C n. provided, settled, or established, for securing enforcing managing, raising, levying, collecting, mi 16 & 17 Car. 2. C 4. tigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for a 2 3car c 5*

preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this act) hall 1 V 24*

be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the*.<*'. I

securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, 5 y & C 20. recovering and paying, the Duties and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, 7 W. 3. C 30.

and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all 8 1v' 3- c x

and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, 10^; c'zlf Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this ann % Vc 5 I present, A. 4 Ann. i 6.

8 Ann. C 7.

10 Ann. C 19 G? 26. 12 Ann. c 9. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. 11 Geo. i. C 30. 12 Geo. 1. c. 28. j Geo. 2. c. 16. 19 Geo. 2. c. 34.. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26.

32 Geo. 2. c. 17.

forfeits tool.

and his Heirs, or Executors, care disabled

XIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Pe Recovery, Mention, nalties and Forfeitures imposed by this act, not hereby otherwise directed to be recovered, shall be and Application of pe sued for levied, recovered or mitigated by such ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or nalties in £eikral* Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise directed by this Act) or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland j and that one Moiety of every such

K k k 2 Fine,

[General issue.]

'i'tclilc Colls.

Set farther eh. So. avd % Co, 3, C 5.

v an.v.i}

lf3fes and Grants made by Copy of Court Roll, or by Letters Patents or Indentures within seven Years to come, of any Offices, Lands, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, cr annexed thereto, declared to be good against the Crown 5

so as such Leases be not for more than 3 Lives,

Or 31 Years; or a Term d tci min able upon three Lives at the mod

And if in Expectancy

or Revei (Son,

not exceeding 3 Lives,

Or 31 Years,

and so as the same be not

dilp iniliiable of Waste;

and the usual Rent,

or, where there was none

before, a reasonable Rent

be reserved.

The Covenants, Arc. in such Leases or Grants ecraed good in Law.

rtfetvatxr of p.ights.

C 10. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety; to him or them who hall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XX. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be futd, molested, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General issue, and give this ACI and the Special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict ball pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs hall discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise; such Defendant or Defendants shall have havetreble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. X

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and heredt meats. Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty now stands seized of the Duchy of Cornwall, W and the possessions thereof: And whereas some Doubts may arise in relation to his Majesty's granting Leases, and making Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging: For obviating whereof, and for the Ease and Quiet: 4 of the Minds of such Persons as have taken, or shall hereafter take Leases from his said most Excellent Majesty; to the end that such Persons may be sure to have good and indefeazable Estates, and be encouraged to lay out Moneys in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several Lands and Tenements to them demised or to be demised Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Leases and Grants, made or to be made by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Custom of the respective Manor or Manors of the said Duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging; and all Leases and Grants made, or to be made within seven Years next ensuing, by Letters Patents or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain or Seal of the Court of Exchequer, or by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Custom of the respective Manors, of any Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments (other than Honours, Lordships or Manors) Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, hall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Contents of the same Copies, Leases and Grants, against our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and against: all and every other Person or Persons that hall at any Time hereafter have, inherit or enjoy the said Duchy, by Force of any act of Parliament, or by other Limitation whatsoever.

II. Provided always, That every Lease or Grant so made, or to be made, be not for more than one, two or three Lives, or for one and thirty Years, or under, or for some Term of Years determinable upon one, two or three Lives, and not above; and if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the same, together with the Estates in Possession, do not exceed three Lives, or the Term of one and thirty Years, and be not any wise made difpunishable of Waste; so as upon every such Lease or Grant be, or shall be, reserved the ancient or most usual Rent, or more, or such Pvent as hath been reserved, yielded or paid for the same Manors, Lands or Hereditaments, for the greater Part of twenty Years next before the making of the said Leases; and where no such Rent hath been reserved or payable, that then, upon every such Lease, there be, or shall be, reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twentieth Part of the clear yearly Value of the Manors, Messuages, Parks, Lands, ythes. Tenements or Hereditaments, contained in such Lease or Grant; and all Leases and Grammes otherwise made, or to be made, hall be null and void.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, Reservations, and other Agreements, contained in every Lease, Grant, or Copy of Court Roll, made or to be made as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Words and Contents of the same, as well for and against them to whom the Reversions of the same Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants, or Copies shall come respectively, as if our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty, at the Time of making such Covenants Conditions, and Reservations, and other Agreements, were seized of an absolute Estate, in Fee Simple, in the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

IV. Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, and his Heirs and Successors; the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and his and their Heirs; and all and every other Person and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit or enjoy the said Dukedom of Cornwall, by force of any Act of Parliament or other Limitation whatsoever) all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Tenures, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind or Quality soever, of, in, to, or out of, the said Offices,

Lands,

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 11. 437

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and ample Manner and Form, as if this Act had never been had or made j this act, or anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An Act for taking down and removing the Magazine for Gunpowder, and all Buildings thereto belonging, situate near Greenwich in the County of Kent; and erecting, instead thereof, a new Magazine for Gunpowder at Purfleet, near the River of Thames, in the County of Essex; and applying a um of Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards those Purposes, for obviating Difficulties arisen upon an act made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments purchased for his Majesty's Service at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS the Powder Magazine near the Town of Greenwich in the County of Kent,

is very improperly and dangerously situated; notwithstanding great Care has been ta

to support the said Magazine, the same is utterly incapable of being effectually repaired: And whereas Purseet, near the River Thames, in the County of Essex, is a proper Place for erecting a

Powder Magazine; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Matter General of his Majesty's Ordnance The Powder Magazine

for the Time being, or for the Lieutenant General and principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance near Greenwich, to be

for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to take down and remove the said Powder Ma of

gazine situate near the Town of Greenwich, and all the Buildings thereto belonging; and, instead Ordnance, and anew thereof, to ered and build a Magazine for Gunpower, for Land and Sea Service together, with onej together with Bar barracks, Guardhouse, and other Houses and Buildings necessary and convenient for the Care and racks, c. to be erected Management of such Magazine, and of the Gunpowder that shall from time to time be deposited at Purftcet<

in it, at Purjieet aforesaid.

II. And whereas it will be necessary to purchase certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in order to build such intended Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Buildings, at purseetbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more Commission or Commissions by commissioner5^, te ap' Letters Fatent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorise and appoint any Number osso^rveving^&c. 2hini --, Persons to be Commissioners for surveying and setting out all such Messuages, Mills, Lands, te &c, prop'.r for diat par rements and Hereditaments, and for executing the other Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein pofej after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, or such Persons as they or

any five or more of them shall appoint, to enter upon, make Surveys of, and set out and dear empowered to feribe by Lines, Stakes, or other Marks, such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Here e"te[upcn and set ouj: ditaments, at Purjieet aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five anjs'<&c* alcvr or more of them, shall think proper to be purchased, in order for the erecting and building a Magazine for Gunpowder, and the Guardhouse, Barracks, and other convenient Buildings there.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the The Lands, c. To furmaking of every such Survey respectively, and the entering thereof in the Books of the said Com veyed, verted in Ti uitces; missioner as herein after directed, all the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying within the Boundaries of such Descriptions respectively as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby veiled, and declared to be in the actual and real Possession and Seisin of the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Speaker of the House of Commons, William Harvey Esquire, Sir I VI Hi am Maynard Baronet, the Honourable Lezuis ivation, and the Honourable Robert Fairfax, their Heirs and Assigns; Trust nevertheless for such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ec T, tt, P ppr(\r, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as at the Time of making such Survey respectively are or shall be in imerested^till Payment terested therein, according to their several Estates and Interests, in Possession, Reversion, re of the Purchase Moneys, mainder, or otherwise, until the Purchase Moneys for the same shall be paid, or Certificates for the Payment thereof shall be made forth and deposited in such Manner as is herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners so to be Commissioners empower appointed, or any live or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered to treat and agree ed to treat for the ab. the Owners and Persons interested in such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements and Heredita Mute Purchase of such ments as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase thereof, according tq their respective jnteiefts therein; Lands

snd all such Agreements by the Owners and Persons interested of and in such Messuages, Mills,

Lands

438

C

I I

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Where Persons shall refuse or neglect to treat.

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, with the Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or Agreements entered into niore of them (being entered in a Book or Books in Manner herein after directed) shall be valid and deemed valid. effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic

or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, shall refuse or neglect to treat or agree as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept what the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think a reasonable Recompense or Satisfaction for the same, for the Space of thirty Days after Notice in Writing given to such Person or Persons, or to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or left at his, her or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or or shall be disabled from deliver to the Tenant or Tenants of the Premises; or if, through any Disability by nonage, Co. verture or Special Limitations in any Settlement or Settlements, or by reason of any Controversy

depending in Law or Equity, or any other Impediment, such Owners or Persons cannot dispose of theccmmissioners are to their respciffive Properties orlnterefts; in every such Case the said Commissioners so to be appointed, iitue their Warrant to or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and required to issue forth their war the Sheriff of the County, rant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County o i essex, thereby com to summon and return a manding him to impanel, summon and return before the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or Jury to ascertain the Va any five or more them, at such Time and Place, or Times and Places, as shall be appointed in lee of the Fremi es. such Warrant or Warrants, twenty-four substantial and indifferent Inhabitants of the said County of Essex, qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes, who upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said. so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer)

shall inquire into, and by their Verdict ascertain and afiefs the true and real Value of such.

Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates, and inte fjheriff to attend t the rests therein: And the said Sheriff is hereby required to impanel, summon and return, such Number ret "r" °£lhe v'arrant' of Inhabitants as aforesaid; and, at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, to attend the said com thesummon.ng^theju 6 missioner, with his Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necessary, upon Oath (which Oath the said r0rs. Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer)

Jury, may be challenged, the Summoning of the Jurors so impanelled and returned respectively; and all Persons shall have their lawful Challenges (but shall not challenge the Array of the Panel) against any of the said Ju sheritr neglecting his rymen when they come to be sworn: in case the said Sheriff shall neglect or refuse (being duly

Duty, may be fined in a served with such Warrant or Warrants six Days or more before the Return thereof) to impanel.

Sum not exceeding 201. furnrnon and return such Jury; or shall not attend the said Commissioners, so to be appointed, with his Bailiffs and Officers, who shall have executed such Warrant or Warrants; then, and in either of the said Cases, the said Commissioners, so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine upon such Sheriff, not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds for any one Offence: And if any Person so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, shall not appear at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants; or appearing shall refuse to be sworn for the Purposes aforesaid, or being sworn shall depart without the Licence of the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, before the Verdict is given; or shall not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner neglect his Duty in the Premises; in every such Case the major Part of the Commissions so to be appointed, then assembled, may and are hereby empowered to feta Fine upon such Person so offending, and not having lawful Excuse (to be allowed by such Commissioners so to be appointed) not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, upon any one Fines to be returned into Person for any one Offence: All which Fines the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any the Exchequer. five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to estreat in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer,

to be levied to the Use of his Majesty.

Where a sufficient jury

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear,

shall not appear, the in upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants, to take the Inquest, it shall be lawful for the said

quest may be adjourned, (Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, to adjourn the Inquest to any future Day, not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than seven Days, from the and a fresh Warrant ifitu Adjournment thereof; and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impanelling, summoning and ed for returning double returning a Number of Jurors, double the Number of Jurors making Default, to attend such Commissioners so to be appointed at such adjourned Meeting, together with the Jurors before returned by the said Sheriff, or at any future Meeting or Meetings to be held by Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners so to be appointed are hereby authorised to make from Time to Time.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest aforesaid; and that in case twelve or more shall appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall proceed to take the said Inquest, and give Judgement, and make Decrees thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby empowered to summon, by Writing under their Hands, any Person or Persons to attend any Jury to be summoned by virtue of this at, and to examine such Person or Persons upon Oath, in relation to the Matters in Question; which Oath the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five or more of the said commissioners so to be appointed, shall cause Notice to be given in Writing of the the Days appointed for the Meeting of such Juries as aforesaid, seven Days at least before every such Meeting; which Notices shall be affixed upon the Door of the miller's House, and of the Public House at Purjlcet called The

L Crciunt,

and Juryman in a Sum Wt exceeding 101.

the Number of Jurors making Default,

Twelve sufficient to take the inquest.

witncftes may be sum tnoned, and examined upon Oath.

Notice to be given of the Days appointed for the fclciting of the Juries,

A.D. 1759. Anno triccnmo tertio Georgii II.

C 11

439

Crown., and published in the London Gazette; and if any Person or Persons shall not appear pursuant to such Notice, that then the said Commissioners so to be appointed, and also the said Jury, shall proceed and determine upon the best Information they can then procure or obtain: And if any Per witnesses refuting to at

fons summoned to attend such Commissioners so to be appointed, and Jury so to be impanelled and rna befinetin

sworn, as a Witness, shall not appear, or appearing refuse to be sworn or to give Evidence, the not exceeding

major Part of the Commissioners then assembled may impose a Fine upon every Person so offending, 5l.

and not having lawful Excuse (to be allowed by such Commissioners) not exceeding five Pounds

upon any one Person for any one Offence: All which Fines shall be estreated and levied, in such

Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be estreated and levied.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Orders and Decrees which Orders and decrees of the shall be made by the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or mere of them, relating Commissioners, to or concerning such Agreements, which shall be made between the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, and such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid; also all the Verdicts of such Juries, and the Judgments and Decrees of the said Commissioners so to and Verdicts of the ju be appointed, or any five or more of them, thereupon; shall be final, and shall be binding and con ries, and the Judgments elusive to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, thereupon, are to be final their Heirs, successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and all other Persons whatsoever, pnarj°3nc u ive to 3 claiming or to claim, in Remainder, Reversion or in any other Manner howsoever, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity; any Law, Statute or Custom, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners so to be Surveys, Orders, judge appointed, or any five or more of them, shall cause all their Surveys, Orders, Judgments and Decrees, mems, Agreements and and also all such Agreements and Verdicts, to be entered in a Book or Books; and in such Surveys, Or Le^jhl' ^rter Books ders, Judgments, Decrees and Agreements respectively, shall be expressly mentioned and specified the engt in Proper 00 sj respective House or Houses, Mill or Mills, Building or Buildings, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, and the Name or Names of every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, who shall be interested therein, and also the respective Sum or Sums of Money which shall be agreed for between the said Commissioners so to be appointed and and Copes thereof to be Parties interested, or which shall be assessed by such Jury to be paid for the same respectively: And ingrossed on Parchment, all such Surveys, Orders, Judgments, Decrees, Agreements and Verdicts, shall be also fairly innd cerfified by thei grofted on Parchment, and certified under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said Commis cktltin Chancery and iioners lb to be appointed, to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King's Remembrancer thr Remembrancer of in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer. the Exchequer.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners so to be Certificates of the pur appointed, or any five or more of them, shall be and are hereby required, without Fee or Reward, chases to be given by the to give their Certificate or Certificates in Writing, under their Hands, to every Proprietor and other p°0mto'°" ers to the Person interested in the premisses, expressing the respective House or Houses, Mill or Mills, Build rope Xj>

ing or Buildings, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, and their several Abuttals and Boundaries, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and the Sum or Sums he, she or they, is or are to receive for the same; and such Certificates and Bills for the Sums respectively shall authorise the Surveyor General of the Ordnance for the Time being, to make out and due to be made out by allow a Bill or Bills to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, the Surveyor General of mentioned in such Certificates respectively, and in which Bill or Bills shall likewise be expressed the the 0rdnance3 respective House or Houses, Mill or Mills, Building or Buildings, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, and their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil as aforesaid, and the respective Sum or Sums to be paid; and thereupon one or more Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared for the and Debentures there several and respective Sums as aforesaid, by the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, and upon to be granted them, signed by three or more of the Principal Officers of the Ordnance for the Time being; and such with interest after the Debentures are hereby required to be paid, with Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum Rate of 41. percent. er Annum, from the Time of demanding the Principal Sums mentioned therein, out of the Money Per Ann ereby appropriated, or hereafter to be granted by Parliament for the Purpose aforesaid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall take Acquittances from the Persons endorsed thereon; and that immediately from and after the Delivery of such Certificates to the Persons The Trusttes thereupon interested as aforesaid, the Trustees before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seized of deeed t?j, and leifed the premisses mentioned in such Certificates respectively, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his 1 e 'rem\*s'r r Heirs and successors for ever: And if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesi " t such certificatesac" astical or civil, shall wilfully refuse to accept of or receive any such Certificate; that then, and in they may deposited wkh such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any five or the Clerk of the Peac« more of them, to leave and deposit such Certificates with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County foreffex, cof

Essex, and shall make an Entry in their Books of the same, which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and such Messuages, Mills, Lands, tenements and Hereditaments respectively, shall from thenceforth be veiled to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, as if such Certificates had been received by the Parties entitled thereto.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Messuages, Mills, Where the Premiffo -

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest: therein, shall belong to any Corporation, or a13'1 b<j°ns to any C r

Body Politic, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, who, by Rea under^a Disabi Tonne of any Disability, are not able or capable by Lav to take and dispose of the several Sums which iitytotake and dispose

shall of the Purchase Moaeyj

C i r.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Act 51 Geo. 2. C 39,

after mentioned.

XIV. And whereas by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the thirty first

t u

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands,

'Tenements and Hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at ports mouth, Chatham and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the Tozvn of Portsmouth, and Citadel of Plymouth, in Trnjlees, for certain Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) and of another Act made and passed in the last Session of this present Parliament, for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, as had been purchased for that Purpose, diverse Lands, Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate, lying and being near the said Docks respectively, and particularly certain Lands and Grounds belonging to Sir John Saint Aubin Baronet, which were valued by his Majesty's Commissioners at seventeen thousand Pounds, and upwards, and which he was not qualifi d to convey in Fee Simple; and also certain Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments, belonging to the Rectory and Church of Stoke Darnarell, which could not by Law be aliened in Fee Simple; and several other Lands near the said several Docks; have respectively been taken and made use of for fortifying and securing the said Docks respectively, and are veiled in Trustees for that Purpose; and Bills and Debentures have been made out and allowed by the Surveyor General of the Ordnance, for several Sums of Money payable for the Purchase. as the Value of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively the several Sums ofmo ney which, by the said Act of the last Session, were directed to be paid into the Hands of such De 4 puty Remembrancer for the Time being, are now ready to be paid pursuant to and for the Purposes of the same Act: But as Doubts and Difficulties have arii en touching the Execution of the said Aift; therefore, for obviating and removing such Doubts and Difficulties, and for the more effectually carrying the said act of the last Session, and this present Act into Execution Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Sums of Money which, in and by the said last mentioned Act and this present Act respectively, are directed and appointed to be paid and applied for the Benefit of any Corporation, Body Politic, or Person under such difa bility as aforesaid, hall he paid to the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer at the Court of Exchequer 2xjvefmirfler for the Time being, who is hereby authorised, impowered and required to receive the lame; and shall, upon the Receipt of each of the several Sums lb paid in for the Use and Benefit of each of the said Owners and Proprietors respectively, signa Certificate to the Barons of who is to grantcertifi the said Court of Exchequer, under his Hand, purporting and signifying, that every such Sum was cates for the same to the received by and paid to him in pursuance of the said former Acts, and of this present Act, for the Owners and Propuetors; use an(] jjene£t of such Owner or Proprietor respectively; and who, in such Certificate, shall be named and described; and which Certificate shall be filed in the said Court of Exchequer, and a true Copy thereof, signed by the said Deputy of the King's Remembrancer, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being, upon Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money hereby directed and appointed to be paid to him as aforesaid, shall pay the same into the Bank of England. jrarons of the Exchequer

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer of dtrs^fbrfp 1acing out'th" e Degree of the Coif, for the Time being, or any two of them, shall be and are hereby authorised

Moneys in the Funds, and impowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion, or by Petition, for and on the Behalf of the

Person or Persons who shall be interested in, or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so to be paid

to, and received by the said Deputy Remembrancer, or shall be entitled to receive the Interest or

Produce thereof; and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they hall think necessary; to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions as they hall think just and reasonable for the placing out the said Money in the public Funds, or upon Government or real Securities, and for calling in, disposing of, and placing out the same again, in or upon such new or other Funds or Securities as aforesaid; for Payment of the Dividends, Intercfc or Produce thereof, to the several and respective Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the said Principal or hying cut the Princi sums, or any Part thereof, in the Purchases of other Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements or hc pai in other Purchases, reditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, as the former Estates were settled at the Time they became vested in the Trustees of the said former Act, or at the Time they hall become vested in the Trustees appointed by this Act, or as near as the same can be done, or for and concerning the receiving, issuing, paying, applying and disposing of the said Money, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons entitled to the same respectively, by virtue of, and according to the Tenor and Purport of the said former Acts, and this present Act.

Ail Moupges, Stocks,

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon the Death or Removal of the recited Attain th^dc' prc^cnt or any future Deputy of the King's Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, all mort puty Remembrancer, to gauges, Stocks and Securities, vested in him by virtue and in pursuance of the said former Acts, and vert, upon hi Death or this present Act, shall vest in the succeeding Deputy of the King's Remembrancer for the Time be

Ren ov.ii, in his Sueccf ing, subject to the Trusts, and for the Purposes herein before mentioned, without any assignn.cnt lor, subject to the lame 2 nr

Trusts;

The Moneys payable by the recited and present Acts, to Corporate Bodies, or Persons under a legal Disability to receive and apply the same, to be paid over to the Deputy Remembrancer;

which are to be filed in the Exchequer

The Money received by him to be paid into the Bank.

and for Payment of the Dividends thereon,

to be settled and applied to the same Ufa.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii 31. C ir, 441

r Transfer; and all Moneys paid into the Bank in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the and Moneys then Hands of the present or any future Deputy of the King's Remembrancer at the Time of his Death nia" over'b

or Removal, and not inverted in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid Executor? c. }

over by the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Deputy of the King's said Remembrancer, to the succeeding Deputy of the King's said Remembrancer for the Time being.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if on the Death or Removal of the If there shall fce no de present or any future Deputy of the King's Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, the Put' Remembrancer, the King's Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such Case the several rfts> "nder the

Trusts, Powers and Authorities in and by the said former Abls, and this present Act, vested in are To veil in ^hevrin the said Deputy of the King's Remembrancer, and his Successors, shall, during such Time as no cipal Remembrancer. Deputy of the King's Remembrancer shall be appointed, veil in, and be executed by the said King's Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being.

XIX. And whereas the Mills commonly called The Fur fleet Mills, by keeping back the fresh Water, and admitting the salt Water out of the Thames into the Fleet or Cut called Mar Ditch,

have been found very detrimental to the adjacent Lands as well as to the Health of the Country in general, and may prove pernicious to the Garrison intended for the Guard of the said Maga zine; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the said of so The Mills at Purfleet to to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall be in ablual possession and Seisin of the said Mills, the be ta e'lddwn>

Mailer General of his Majesty's Ordinance for the Time being, or the Lieutenant General and

Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, or any three or more of them,

shall effectually take down the said Mills; and that no Mills shall hereafter, on any Account, be

built, either at the Mouth of the said Fleet or Cut called Mar Ditch, or in any other Part thereof

that shall by virtue of this Act be vested in the said Commissioners before mentioned; but that the and the Fleett0

said Fleet or Cut shall be left free and open according to the Directions herein after mentioned; any open'

Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master General of his Maand pr°per Flood Gates jesty's Ordnance for the Time being, or the Lieutenant General and Principal Officers of his Ma se^water^ iccp out jesty's Ordnance for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, when the said Mills

illal have been taken down, six such proper Floodgates, not less than fourteen Feet in Width, to be laid at least three Feet lower than the Mill Water way now is, as shall effectually keep the Sea.

Water out of the said Fleet, and permit the fresh Water to go off with the Ebb Tides; and shall watctto voss with from time to time clear the Silt from the Mouth of the said Fleet, and cause such other Works to the ebbvides, c. be erebled, and such Repairs to be made thereunto, as may be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Fleet commonly called The Fleet to be under the Mar Ditch, and all the Works erebled or to be erebled thereon, shall still continue under the Au ommi lonerso ewers thority of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Levels of Avely and jvefl Thurrock, to be preserved by them for the Benefit of the Country in the State they are directed to be by this Act; nevertheless, so as all the Expenses of erebling and keeping in Repair the said Floodgates, and other Pars c. to be paid out Works, shall be born and paid for out of the Moneys granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Moneys granted the Service of the Ordnance; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof not with ort e r nance ervice* handing.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to jthear and rtfreft*" and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Complaint of any Owner grievante^ofthtowners or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any other Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, adjoining an(j Occupiers of Lands; to any Part of the Lands and Hereditaments by this Act vested in the said Trustees, that he, he or they have received any Damage by bringing, loading, or carrying any Materials necessary to erebl or

complete any of the Works thereto belonging, or by any other Means whatsoever, to examine into

and hear every such Complaint; and if the same shall be made out to their Satisfaction, then such

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make such Recompense for and make Satisfaction

such Damages to the Party or Parties injured, out of the Moneys hereby granted, as to the said for damascsi

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from time to time seem just and reasonable.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids and wo:. eidnte<? y, of Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, j76^towardtremovtg there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of the said Magazine, and fifteen thousand Pounds, towards the taking down and removing the said Magazine, and all Build building a new one. ings belonging thereto, situate near the Town of Greenwich, and erebling a new Magazine for

Gunpowder' and other Buildings necessary thereto, at Purfleet aforesaid, and purchasing Messuages,

Mills, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for that Purpose.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Board of Ordnance to ap and for the Master General and Principal Officers of himviajesty's Ordnance for the Time being, p°mt Officers for carrying to appoint proper Secretaries, Clerks, Assistants, or other Officers, for the more effectual carrying 1 ls lnt0 xccujoa# this Act into Execution; and that the necessary Expenses and Charges attending the same shall be

paid out of the Moneys hereby granted.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Account of the Applica Accounts to be laid b. c. tion of the Moneys hereby appropriated towards taking down and removing the said Magazine, fore Parliament, situate near the said Town of Greenwich, and all Buildings thereto belonging, and towards building the said Magazine, Guardhouse, Barracks, and other convenient Buildings, at Purfleet afore

Vol. VIII L 1 1 laid,

for the Levels of Avely and W. Thurrock; but the Expenses of the Re

said, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within thirty Days after the opening of every Session of Parliament.

Charges of this Act to be

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Costs and Charges as firs Paid' shall be incurred in obtaining this Act, shall be in the firfb Place paid out of the Moneys hereby

granted.

Limitation of Actions,

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action and Suit shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in all General Issue. such Actions and Suits may plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, at

any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited; then and in either of such Cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 3 and if a verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the plaintiffor Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fufter a Discontinuance, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon any Demurrer, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defen treble Costs. dants; in each of the Cases aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs in ocher Cases by Law.

CAP. XII.

An Act for adding certain Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the Joint Stock of Three per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirty second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and for carrying the several Duties therein mentioned to the Sinking Fund; and for cancelling such Lottery Tickets as were made forth in pursuance of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and were not disposed of.

[Preamble.]

The principal Sum of 6, fioo, Goo borrowed on the Credit of the recited AO, Together with the additi na! Capital of 990, 00'1 addcj th reto, to be rmde with the Con i'crt of the Proprietort,

}' rt ott lie Joint Stucle o' 31 percent. aniiui ti rnnl lija cd by Act S j, 28, 29 & 32 Geo. 2,

ttfrer eas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the thirty second Year of his yv present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate 5 and for raising the Stan of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, by may of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy and additional Inland Duty; several Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, have advanced and lent the Sum of six millions six hundred thou fund Pounds, upon the Credit of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and the additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, by the said Act granted, for the Puachafe of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament: And whereas an additional Capital of fifteen Pounds, was by the said Act directed to be added to every one liun dred Pounds advanced towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, aniount ing to nine hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, to be attended with like Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas it is thought neccfiaiy that the said principal Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, together with the said additional Ca 4 pital of fifteen Pounds added to every one hundred Pounds advanced towards the said Sum of iix millions six hundred thousand Pounds, amounting to nine hundred and ninety thousand Pounds,

should be (with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, to be signified within the Time herein after mentioned) added to, and made a Part of the Joint Stock of Three Pounds per Centum transferrable Annuities at the Bank of England; and that the Charges and Expenses in respect thereof,

should he charged upon and paid out of the Fund commonly called be Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in the same and like Manner as the Annuities aforesaid are paid and payable; and that the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom, and the additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, which by the said al were made a Fund for Payment of the said three Pounds ter Centum Annuities,

should be carried to and made a Part of the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund: 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty, the principal Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed by virtue of the said before recited Act, together with the said additional Capital of fifteen Pounds added to every one hundred Pounds advanced towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, amounting to nine hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, carrying an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable at the Bank of England, shall with the Consent of the Proprietors as aforesaid, be added to and made a Part of the Joint Stock of three Pounds per Centum transferable Annuities at the Balik of England, consolidated by the Acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty

ninth

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 12. 443

ninth, and thirty second Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall be transferable at the Bank of England; and the Charges and Expenses in respect thereof, shall be charged upon and paid and the Charges to be out of the bund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in pau'^d°ut 01 the sinkinb the same and like Manner as the Annuities consolidated as aforesaid are transferrable, and as the un

Charges and Expenses in respeifl: thereof are payable; anything in the said ASX made in the thirty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors who shall not, on Proprietors dissenting, to or before the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, signify their Difient to n*er their Dlflent n or such Consolidation as aforesaid, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, be ore June 17 °* shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which have arisen The Duties appropriated since the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or that shall or may hereafter for Payment of the an arise, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, or to be im nuities chargeable on the ported into this Kingdom, and the additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, which were aid Principal Sums, to made a Fund for Payment of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the Bank of England, on ftx Fund6 C*6 ln une millions six hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed by virtue of the said acst made in the thirty second

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, as also on the said additional Capital of fifteen Pounds added to every one hundred Pounds advanced towards the said Sum of six millions six hundred thousand Pounds, amounting to nine hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, shall be carried to and made a Part of and made a Part thereof; the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and the same shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Sinking Fund, and shall be issued and applied to such Uses and Purposes as the several and to be applied ac excesses, Surplusses or Overplus Moneys composing the said Sinking Fund, are or may be issued cor(iinsb* and applied; anything in the said before recited act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

WAND whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his pre

Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum not exceeding one million fifty thou Clause in Act 30 Geo. a.

sand and five Sounds and five Shillings, to be raised by ivay of Lottery; the Managers and Directors 0. S

of the said Lottery were required to cause such of the Tickets contained in the outermost Column

of the Books to be prepared in pursuance of the said at which should not have been disposed of to Contributors, and also the Tickets upon which Defaults of Payments should have been made, to be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Cash, to be issued and disposed of for the Purposes of the said act, in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them then being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being should direct: And whereas the Managers and Directors of the said Lottery did, in pursuance of the said A!, deliver into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer six hundred and forty seven thousand two hundred and eighty one Tickets, there to be retained and kept as Cash, which at one Pound one Shilling each amounted to the Sum of six hundred and seventy nine thousand six hundred and fortyfive Pounds one Shilling: And whereas the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury did afterwards by their Warrant appoint Robert Jennings, John Dive, Bar well Smith, Daniel Wray,

and Frederick Atherton Hindley, to receive from nis majesty's Exchequer the said six hundred and forty seven thousand two hundred and eighty one Tickets, and to sell and dispose of the same;

who accordingly did receive the said Tickets from the Tellers of the said Receipt, and did sell and dispose of sixty six thousand five hundred and seventy four Tickets, Part of the said Tickets,

which at one Pound one Shilling each amounted to sixty nine thousand nine bundled and two Pounds fourteen Shillings, and paid the said Sum into the said Receipt of Exchequer, and did return five hundred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven Tickets, which remained in their Hands undisposed of, into the said Receipt, which are now retained and kept as Cash there, and computed at the Rate of one Pound and one Shilling each, amount to the Sum of six hundred and nine thousand seven hundred and forty-two Pounds and seven shillings be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commis The Commissioners of sioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the the Treasury to issue, an Time being, to ififue the said five hundred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven Tickets to Lotter°tickets'as6, Were any Person or Persons whatsoever, to be by them cancelled and destroyed, that thereby the Tellers made^forth in pursuance of his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer may be discharged of the Total Amount of the Cash or Va of the recited Acts, and lue of the said five hundred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven Tickets, at the Rate of were not disposed of; one Pound one Shilling each; and that the said Robert Jennings, John Dive, Barwell Smith, Daniel fn<^ Tellers, c. to Wray, and Frederick Atherton Hindley, shall be and are hereby discharged of their Account touch to^uching the same* ing the same; and the Managers and Directors of the said Lottery, or any five or more of them, or Manageis to"cancel the" the Person or Persons in whose Custody the Columns containing the Duplicates of, and the Tickets Duplicates, of the Numbers and Claftes corresponding with the said five hundred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven Tickets, do or shall remain, may, and is and are hereby authorised and im powered to cancel and destroy such Part of the said Columns as contain the said Duplicates, and Tickets of the corresponding Numbers and Claftes as aforesaid; any Thing in the said act, or any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L 11 2

444 C 13 — Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Tarthir Time given till 2^ CAP. XIII

Dec. ty60. 'Refer to 3 ^, n d fa au0wing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists: for Rer, .( lies of Protestant Purchasers. E XP.

bee farther z gv5.3. e. Zb,

CAP. XIV.

An Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Preamble

Where any A of this section shall pass upon or after the Day specified therein for the first Meeting of Commissioners or Trustees to act, they hall hold their first Meeting on the 21st Day sfter passing this Act.

[Preamble.]

For former Duties cit Culm refer to9& so W. 3. C 13. 10 & 11 JV.

3. C 21, 8 Ann. c. 4.

9 Ann. C 0. 5 C. I.

C 9.

Sufferances maybe granted, upon Application, for exporting Culm in small Vessels, from the Port of Milfoul to the neighbouring Counties.

Officer to attend the shipping thereof.

Duty of 1 s. per Chaldron to be paid for the same,

J'or i'.hich a Certificate c to be given j

lh: same deemed a fufii ciini Clearance.

WHEREAS by several Acts of this present Session of Parliament, the first Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Acts, or any Part or Parts thereof in Execution, hath been or may be appointed or directed to be held before or upon the Day of the passing of such Acts respectively, whereby several Doubts and Difficulties may arise with respect to the due Execution of the said Acts Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act of Parliament hath passed, or doth or shall pass at any Time whatsoever during this present Session of Parliament, upon or after the Day specified in any such Act for the first Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees appointed to put the same or any Part thereof in Execution, in each and every such Case, such Commissioners or Trustees respectively, or the same Number of such respective Commissioners or Trustees as is or shall be authorised to hold such first Meeting, or any greater Number of them, shall and may hold their first Meeting upon the twenty first Day after the passing of this Act, at such Places as were respectively appointed in such Acts for holding the first Meetings on the Days therein specified 3 and all such Commissioners or Trustees, or any Number of them as aforesaid, being so assembled respectively on the said twenty first Day after the passing of this Act, shall and may proceed to the Execution of such Acts respectively; then, and from time to time afterwards adjourn, and do and perform all such Matters and Things, and execute all the Powers and Authorities granted to them in the said Acts respectively, in the same Manner, and as fully and efteduallly to all intents and Purposes, as if such Commissioners or Trustees had been assembled in pursuance of, and on the respective Days specified or appointed in such Acts for holding the first Meeting of such Commissioners or Trustees 3 anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XV.

An Act for rendering the Exportation of Culm from the Harbour of Milford in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Counties, more ealy to the Proprietors and Purchasers of the same 3 and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.

WHEREAS the carrying of Culm in small Vessels from the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, and the Limits thereof, to the neighbouring Places and Counties, is at present £ Expensive, and attended wirli many Inconveniences I or Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted 3 And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, if any Person shall have Occasion to carry any Culm to be used for the burning of Lime, in any Ships, Vessels, or Boats, not exceeding thirty Tonnes Burden, from any Place within the said Port of Milford, or the Limits thereof, to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, or any of them, the Master of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on Board whereof such Culm is to be loaded, may apply to the Collector of the said Port, or to his Deputy, for a Sufferance to ship or put such Culm on Board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and the said Collector or his Deputy are hereby required to grant every such Master a Sufferance accordingly, in which shall be inserted a Quantity of Culm so to be shipped; the Officer to whom the Sufferance shall be directed is hereby required to attend the Shipping or putting on Board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, all the Culm which shall be expressed in the Sufferance, and likewise to certify on the Back of the Sufferance the true Quantity of Culm so shipped or put on Board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat 3 and the Master or Owner thereof shall forthwith pay to the Collector of the Port or Place where such Culm shall be shipped or put on Board as aforesaid, or to his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for every Chaldron of such Culm, being the Duty payable for the same 3 and the Collector or his Deputy shall, upon Receipt of such Duty, forthwith grant a Certificate under the Seal of his Office, to every such Master, setting forth the true Quantity of Culm shipped or put on Board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and that his Majesty's Duties have been duly paid for the same 3 and every such Certificate shall be a sufficient let pass or Clearance for every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on Board whereof such Culm shall be shipped or put, to any Place within the counties aforesaid 3 for which Certificate shall be lawful for such Collector or his Deputy

to

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 16. 445

to receive the Sum of one Shilling, and no more: And it hall not be lawful for the said Collector or See of i s. and no more, his Deputy, or any other Officer, to demand, receive or take any other See, Gratuity or Reward to be paid for the ccr whatsoever, either upon account of granting the said Sufferance, or the Certificate on the Back of tlficate' the same, or on any other Account or Pretence whatsoever relating to the loading or sailing of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, loaded with Culm as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, to prevent Frauds in the hipping or loading of Culm within the Limits aforesaid;

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master of every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, Return to the" on Board whereof any Culm shall have been hipped or put, within the Limits aforesaid, hall, up p of Milford, to make on his Return to the said Port of Milford from the Place where he unloaded such Culm, make Oath Oath of the Place and before the Collector of the said Port, or his Deputy (which Oath such Collector or his Deputy Time of landing his are hereby empowered to administer) of the Place where, and Time when, he landed his former p°rmer Care bear >£ Cargo of Culm; and such Master shall not be permitted to ship or put on Board his said Ship, p anot ier oa lns* Vessel, or Boat, any other Cargo or Quantity of Culm, until he hall have made Oath as aforesaid:

in Case such Master shall fraudulently change or alter either his own Name, or the Name of r'enalty of fraudulently the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of which lie has the Condinft, in order to prevent a Discovery being ^r'pn3 his 0^'n or ths made of the Place to which he carried his former Cargo of Culm, and shall be convicted thereof, ips ame' C 5'either upon his own Confession, or upon the Oath of one. or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) every such Master so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or his Deputy, or any other Person or Persons as he or they hall appoint, to seize such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and to detain the same until the said Sum of five Pounds shall be paid, and a!so the reasonable Costs and Charges of seizing and detaining such Ship, Vessel, or Boat; which said Penalty of five Pounds shall be applied in the same Manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures are, by the Laws now in being relating to the Duties of cu stoms, directed to be applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Culm which hall Where any Culm shall have been hipped or put on Board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, at any Port or Place within the !'e for which Duty

Limits aforesaid, for which the Duty hath been duly paid, shall be actually lost, Proof thereof be q^an^tnypta0' b'evipped ing made upon Oath before the Collector of such Port, or his Deputy (which Oath such Collector duty free,

or his Deputy are hereby empowered to administer) it shall be lawful for such collector or his.

Deputy, and he and they are hereby empowered and required to permit the Owner of such Culm, which hath been so loft, to hip the like Quantity of Culm so loft duty free, and without any Charge whatsoever, other than the See of one Shilling as aforesaid; Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Ctistoms; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in America directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Chochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys or Sollicitors, and filing thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Laws herein after mentioned, are near expiring; 'May it therefore

\\ please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

ccllent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several clauses^Act 5 Geo. 1. Clauses in an act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act agatnjlc' eland fine Running of uncuflamed Goods, and for the ?nore effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandizes as shall be taken in at Sea out of relating to foreign Goods any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat, and also ta en in at ea' relating to Goods not reported and found after clearing ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on Board Ships Outward Bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Calks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the Daft; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be "exported to Ireland; which were to

have

44-6

9 Gn. L C 8. z G: o. z. C 28.

8 Geo. 2. c. 11.

1 5 Geo. 2. c. 33.

20 Geo. 2. c. 47.

27 Geo. 2. c. 13.

further continued to 29 Sept. 1767.

Act S Geo 1. C 18. to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, &c.

(except the Clauses relating to Quarentine)

21 Geo. 2. c. 33.

27 Geo. 2. c. 18.

further continued to 29 Sept. 1767.

Act 3 Geo. 2. c. 28. for allowing Rice to be brought from Carolina to Europe,

and also Act 8 Geo. 2. c. 19. for continuing the said Act, and extending the said Liberty to Georgia in America,

1 5 Geo. 2. c. 33. ao Geo. 2. C 47.

26 Geo. 2. c. 32. further continued to 29 Sept. 1761.

Act 7 Geo. 2. c. 18. for reviving a former Act for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico,

14 Geo. a. C 74.

20 Geo. 2. c. 47.

27 Geo. 2. c. 18.

further continued to 29 Sept. 1767.

So much of Act 12 Geo. a. C 36. as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books le printed Abroad,

ao Geo. 2. c. 47. 27 Geo. 2. c. 18.

C. 16. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

have Continuance for the Term of three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and which by several subsequent act passed in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth and sixteenth, and twentieth and twenty seventh Years of his present Majesty sy Reign, were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof to the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled An aci to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby 3 and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarentine; and to subjcci Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to fuel) Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject; which was to be in Force for two Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all bhips and Vessels to perform Quarentine) was to have further Continuance from the first: Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; but, by Miftalce, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven was inserted therein instead of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which by several subsequent Ais made in the twenty first and twenty seventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof to the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his maje/lys Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part '/'europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Laiu; which was to be in Force for five Years from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue the said at from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia in America; which said als, by several subsequent acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth, twentieth and twenty seventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof to the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an act j made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indico; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent acts passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, and twenty seventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; hall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof to the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an AI made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first compfed or written, and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting of Prices of Books; which act was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts made in the twentieth and twenty seventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 17, 18. 44-7

hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof to the said twenty-ninth Day of further continued to 29

September one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Sept 7'

Session of Parliament.

VI. And whereas some Persons have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made, and afterward to be

filed in the proper Office, of the actual Execution of several Contrails, in Writing, entered into

by them to serve as Clerks to Attorneys or Sollicitors, within the Time in which the same ought

to have been done; and many Infants and others may thereby incur certain Disabilities; For preventing whereof, and for relieving such Persons, Be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who hath neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as afore Further Time allowed to said, to be made and filed, and who, on or before the sixth Day of November one thousand seven Nov. 1760, for making hundred and sixty, shall cause one or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be £llins Affidavits of filed in such Manner as the same ought to have been made and filed, in due Time, shall be and is tra^tt^fertcm clerks hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities to Attorneys, c. and Disabilities, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by Reason of any such Neglect or Omission, in not causing such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed in such Manner as the same ought to have been; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly riled, on or before the said sixth Day of November as. aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made and filed, within the respective Times the same ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been so made and filed.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned is near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made Act i*annae, ft. 1. e. in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for seven ff U eq Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the fifth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 5 Geo. 1. e. z the First, and in the eighth, fifteenth, twentieth and twenty seventh Years of his present Majesty's 10 Geo. ie. 17. Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September 8 gq'ef'f'fl8' one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parli0 Geo. I. c. 45! ament; hall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the 27 Geo. 2. c. 18. twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty leven, and from thence to the further continued to 29 End of the then next Session of Parliament. Sept, 1767.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parlia Preamble, ment assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration your majesty's most gracious Message, signifying your majesty's Desire to be enabled by your faithful Commons to defray any extraordinary Expenses of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of your majesty's Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million for that Purpose; 'do therefore must humbv beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenlyparliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Credit of Loan granted Warrant or "Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners to his Majesty for of his Majesty's Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord g000)0001*

High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one Treasury may raifr the thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to cause or direct any loans to be taken or received at his C 'iisl°an3 r XC1E" majesty's Exchequer from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic '

3 or

448

C i 8.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of this Act;

Principal and Interest,

the next Supplies, and if none sufficient be granted betoie 5 July 1761,

or Corporate, cr any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the whole, the said Sum of one in like Manner as is pre million, in the lame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and fetiaed by the Land Tax Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act fen granting cerninaoms caxche on to ^: Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year cue thousand ouer Bills thereby to be seven hundred and jixty, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be made cut. taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

The Clauses, c. in the

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, pro said Ac relating to the vifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Dil'abilities contained in the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, ]; ift mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purpol'es, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer with the Charges atten Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the same,

aing, to be pa d out 0 flal 1 be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the

first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Prefer, they are to be paid niium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and cut of the Sinking Fund; chargeable upon such Moneys, as, at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and afeer

tained, for and towards paying oft', cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof, and the Moneys so issued

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall to be replaced out of the f0 jfl ued out Gf the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the

tuft Supplies, Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then

after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Bank empowered to V And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be advance on the said Cre lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in dit of Loan, any Sum or ]jk: e Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Loan granted by this Act, any Sums not exceeding Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million; anything in an Act 1, coo, cool.^made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, entitled, An

MS f Votwfthftan Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raijecl in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be madeon the same Act; and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax should be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Ala It, Mum, Qyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and to much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied or Money sufficient shall he reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities and a Lottery, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for raising the Sum of eight millions by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on

ding.

Appropriation of the Supplies in general.

33 Geo. 2. C j.

The Moneys arising by the Land Tax,

Malt Act, 33 Geo. 2.

Lottery Act, 33 Geo. 2. C

and Sinking Fund.

the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Mali; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, A nudity

Orders, died and

and other Orders, lojl, burnt or otherwise dejlryed; and also the Sum of two millions six hun two thousand seven hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence, out of such

Moneys

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 18.

Moneys as hall or may arise of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, directed to be issued and applied by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain

449

Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for sixty; the further Sum of one million and are hereby appropriated for and towards that is to say,

VII. It is hereby enacted and declared by the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

by this Act granted, hall be further appropriated, with the Sum of the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; by

1'this Act

the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the viz. Out of the Aids in Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums General> of Money not exceeding three millions five hundred seventy two thousand six hundred twenty-nine service's herein dfied. Pounds five Shillings and one Penny, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly ex - 1 p'

pressed, is to say. For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards maintaining eighteen thousand three hundred and fifty-five Marines; and for or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or io.ooooj. towards finiib supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex ins Hospital at haf!cr ceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded near opoit'

Seamen building at Hafer near Gosport, for the Year one thousand fever, hundred and sixty.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or io.ooooi. towards finish supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex ing the Hospital near cceding ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for sick and Mounded Plymouth.

Seamen building near Plymouth, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or s.ocol. towards erecting Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not cx ca cening Wharves and ceeding eight thousand Pounds, towards purchasing Ground, erecting Jetty Heads for careening ou x at Wharves, Capstand Houses, Store Houses, and other Accommodations necessary for refitting his Majesty's Fleet at Halifax, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the 10, 0001. towards the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money Support of Greenwich not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Hospital*

Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred and ten thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds one Shilling and five Pence, 510, 8601. is. 5a. for for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year one thousand seven hundred charge of the Office of and sixty, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of Services performed by the Office of Ord Ordnance for Land scr nance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in one thousand seven hundred and vice'

fifty-nine.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six millions six hundred forty-three thousand five hundred and twelve Pounds sixteen Shil 6; 643>siai* 16 6d. lings and six Pence Farthing, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other to.ward etr1^ Jand Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say. Any Sum or Sums of Money, not e northeast"'

exceeding one million three hundred eighty-three thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds and '!'rd'fr3a ]ne\he*

ten Pence, for defraying the Charge of fifty leven thousand two hundred ninety four effective Men, expcnc/ofjyjzg^ effec including those in Germany, and including Commission and non commifiton Officers, and also four tive Men, including thousand and ten Invalids for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great those in' Germany, c. Britain, G item fey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Garrisons

Sums of Money not exceeding eight Hundred forty six thousand one hundred sixty eight Pounds ^c.^in the plantations and nineteen Shillings, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gi Gibraltar, c. braltar, Guadeloupe, Africa and the East Indies, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, 35, 744l. 8s'. 4a. for Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, Cape Breton, Gaudeloupe, Senegal and Goree, for the Year one Troops on thelrish efta thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-five thou blli}iment fervina m sand seven hundred and forty-four Pounds eight Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge of four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment serving in Nor in America, for the Year one kyyfthe thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-four thou General St sand fou General one thousand

and two thousand and six Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of the the embodied Militia in embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the fencible Men of Argylefire, S Britain, and the fen and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in A orth Britain, for one hundred twenty-two Days, clb!e enos Arg ^jlire' from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty ^ndgrs "an' "3r°ta: northeast* Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, botfi Days iuclyhve; and any sum orfron, 25 Dec. 1759/

V o L VIII Mmm Si: trtr? 5 April 1760.

blishment fervin North America. 54, 454 1. iis.9d

ns.9d. for General and tass Officers,

to

45°

C 18.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

260, 1041. 16s. 8d. for Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and sixty thousand one hundred and four Pounds six deiraying the Charge of teen Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several ihfre^men^and hi h c" Counties in South Britain, from the respective Times that they were embodied, and of the fencible landers, to 14dec. 1760. Men of Argyleshire, and Lord sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the Commencement of their Establishment, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hun 30, 7211. for Clothing dred and sixty; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty thousand seven hundred and for the imbod; ed Militia twenty-two Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Clothing for the imbodied mi ^o^l.^or Pensions to ortie Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money

Widow's of reduced offi not exceeding two thousand and forty-two Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-five thousand six hundred fifty-one Pounds and nine Shillings, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred and forty six Pounds, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards and

cets who half-pay.

died on

35, 6511. 9s. to the reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines. 2, 9461. Allowances to the Officers and private Gentlemen of the two

Troops of Horse Guards, Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-five thousand Pounds, upon Account, for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred fifty-three thousand three hundred and two Pounds fifteen Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred to the twemy fourth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine,

reduced, and superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards. 25,000l. for out l'eafioners of chcl fca Hospital. 953, 3021.

ordinary Expenses ofvhe anc not Prov ded for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred Land Forces, c. to 34 thousand Pounds, upon Account, as a present Supply, towards defraying the Charges of Forage, Nov. 1759, not provided Bread, Bread Wagons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, etcetera, and other for. 500, 0001. towards extraordinary Expenses, and Contingences of his Majesty's Combined Army under the Command the Charge of Forage, pr|nce Ferdinand; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred thirty-four thou tingencts oft he army" an one hundred thirty-nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge under Prince Feidinand. of several Augmentions to his Majesty's Forces, since the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, for 134, 1391. 17 s. 4d. for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, was presented, from their respective Cominence chargecf Augmentations ments, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty; any Sum etirnaw^tr^twas' or Sums f Money not exceeding twelve thousand eight hundred seventy four Pounds fifteen Shil f re fenced, to 24 Dec. lings and ten Pence, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of an addi-1760. 12, 8741. 15s. tional Company to Lieutenant Colonel Vaughans Corps, for the Year one thousand seven hundred rod. for Charge of a and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred forty seven thousand eight Regiment of Light dra 'hundred eighty-two Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of com5an ^lieut^co thirty-eight thousand seven hundred fifty Men, of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, lonti vaughan's Corps. and Count of Buckeburg, together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed against 447, 8821.^105. 3d. 2tj. the Common Enemy, in concert with the King of prussia, from the twenty-fifth Day of December for charge of the Troops one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand of Hanover, Wohenbut seven hundred and sixty, both inclusive, to be issued in Advance, every two Months, in like man coun^buckeburg/to 24 ner as ay t^lc Hessian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops Dec. 1760, to be ifitucd to t>c mustered by an English Commissary, and the effective State thereof to be ascertained by the sig twomomhsinadvance; nature of the Commander in Ciiief of the f.iid Forces; and any Sum or Sums of Money not cx the Troops to be muster ceeding two hundred sixty eight thousand eight hundred seventy four Pounds sixteen Shillings and CD by an English Com ejg>nt Pence, for defraying the Charge of two thousand one hundred twenty Horse, and nine thou

itd Tor charg' stf the nne fiun^red Foot, together with the General and Staff" Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, Troops of Heife Cartel, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejj'e to 24 Dec. 1760, toge Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty six Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of there wkh the Subsidy to December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one

suant'to'rreat^thousand seven hundred and sixty, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time,

rod. for pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ninety seven thousand eight charge of an additional hundred and fifty Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence, for defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of Troop? of Corps of nine hundred twenty Horse, and six thousand seventy two Foot, together with the Ge

heftc Caird, to 31 Dec. neral and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train

Tit at purfjant to of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejj'e cafjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty six Days, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the 34, 3331. 8s. for Charge thirty first Day of December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or

linn nf fhp O. f TV

ty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of 20, 7761. 5s. 5a. for December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of of tik t 1 cttof"hc ffc* ney not exceeding twenty thousand seven hundred and seventy six Pounds five Shillings and five Casei, 10 24dcc. 1760. ^encep for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of four Squadrons of Hunters and Hussars, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 18.

451

of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, both Days inclusive; any Sum or Sums of Money not ex s2»9°3*9 d. for ceeding fifty-two thousand nine hundred and three Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, for Chaj, Be jfrmu!(>rtion defraying the Charge of an Augmentation of five Battalions to the King's Army in Germany, each man/to^dec. 1760. Battalion consisting of one Troop of one hundred and one Men, and four Companies of Foot, of one hundred and twenty-five Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for three hundred sixty six Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty six thousand nine hundred twenty six Pounds 66, 92.61. 3 s. 1 q. for three Shillings and one Farthing, for defraying the Charge of nine hundred and fifty-nine Cavalry, Charge of the roops 0 and one thousand four hundred and fifty-four infantry, the Troops of the reigning Duke of Bruns Treaty puruan. wick, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex 23, 84.31, 5s. tid. for ceeding twenty-three thousand eight hundred forty-three Pounds five Shillings and eleven Pence, for Charge of augmentation defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Troops of the reigning Duke of Brunswick, in thet0.tro°ps 01 Bruns pay of Great Britain, pursuant to an ulterior Convention concluded and signed at Paderborn, the pursuant to fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not, 01, 0961. 3s. 2d. for exceeding one hundred and one thousand and ninety six Pounds three Shillings and twopence, for Charge of Augmentation defraying the Charge of two additional Squadrons of Huftars, ^and two Companies of Chajfeurs, to of the Troops cf heite gether with an Augmentation to the Horse Dragoons and Foot, the Troops of the Landgrave ofcafrel for. I76° hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and fr or" nary E: xpe ncew any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred and twenty thousand one hundred and Land Forces, and other twenty Pounds and one Shilling, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Services incurred in Forces, and other Services incurred from the twenty-fourth Day of November one thousand seven IS and not prohundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty-fourth of December following, and not provided for; and any g'^oooot to the Kin Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to enable his Ma of°p°uffia, pursuant"3 jesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention between to Treaty! his Majesty and the King of prussia, concluded November the ninth one thousand seven hundred and 6o, ooooi. to the land fifty nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds, to enable his Bravc of hctte castel, Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Landgrave of Hejfe Caflel, pursuant to the separate Pursuant t Treaty. Article belonging to a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, concluded January the seventeenth one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and renewed by a Treaty concluded November the ninth one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, to be paid as his Most Serene Higness shall think it most convenient, in order to facilitate the Means by which the Most Serene Landgrave may again fix his Residence in his own Dominions, and give fresh Courage to his faithful subjects by his Presence, which is so much wished for.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids i>oooo, ooool. to discharge

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not votet/*

exceeding one million, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pursuance of an at ctedit^of th/hft^ession. made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 1,000,000l. upon Ac supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iftucd and applied any Sum or Sums of count to defray any ex money not exceeding one million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordi [hv'warwhic^ma*'be dinary Expenses of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand incurred in 1760/' seven hundred and sixty; and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat

any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 11, 7851. 6s. iod. for or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Support of the Colony of Money not exceeding eleven thousand seven hundred eighty-five Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence, Nova Scotia for 1760. upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova

Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; any Sum or Sums of Money not 5, 851l. 45/96. for exceeding five thousand eight hundred fifty-one Pounds four Shillings and nine Pence, upon ac bupp?rt of the said Cocount, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Ma for not

jesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and not pro Jr'

vided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand fifty seven 4, 0571. 10s. forcharge Pounds and ten Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of the Civil establishment his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expenses attending the same, from the twen of Georgia, to 24. June ty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the twenty-fourth of June one 17 °' thousand seven hundred and sixty.

XVII. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any 501, 0781. 16 s. 6d. the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or For Transport Service, Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred and one thousand seventy eight Pounds sixteen Shillings c in759-

and six Pence, for the Charge of Transport service between the first Day of January and the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, including the Expense of victual '

ling his Majesty's Land Forces within the said Time; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed o5rd°n!n ce Staking ° ing fifteen thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards enabling the Principal Officers of his Ma downthe Magazine at jesty's Ordnance to defray the necessary Charges and expenses of taking down and removing the Greenwich, and eretfing

M m m 2

present a new one elsewhere.

45 2 C 18. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

pcefent Magazine for Gunpowder, and all Buildings belonging thereto, situated near the Town of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and of erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Buildings necessary thereto, in some more proper and less dangerous Situation, and to enable the S'; 0 the Governors laid Principal Officers to purchase Lands for that Purpose; any Sum or Sums of Money not rato b»ui^ed8v^thout excee<^'ns ^ve thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for any Deduction or See.'te Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes for which they were incorporated, and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any deduction whatsoever; 1571. ios. for main any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-four thousand one hundred fifty seven Pounds and

44,

rair.

1760, to be issued ia like Manner.

15,000l. for repairing London Bridge.

'rfhe>csaid tcn Shillings, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for hof/ral, ^dmitil/on^r the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain, educate, and before 8 Feb. 1760, to be bind Apprentice, such Children as were admitted into the fai I Hospital on or before the eighth Day issued in like Manner, of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty; that the said Sum be ifitted and paid for the 3, 1271. ios. towards Use of the said Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever; and any Sum or cind'e^t/rr^t^into6^01113 Money not exceeding three thousand one hundred twenty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, the fai'i Hospital between upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance 8 Feb. and 26 March and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were admitted into the said Hospital between the eighth Day of February and the twenty sixth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any deduction whatsoever; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, to be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, to be applied towards the improving, widening and enlarging the Passage over and through London Bridge, without Account, other than as is directed for the Moneys raised by an Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen and enlarge 124, 736). 7s. id. 2q. the Passage over and through London Bridge; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one to make good the Dtfi hundred twenty-four thousand seven hundred thirty six Pounds seven Shillings and one Penny half ofuie °dut5iesvpon of penny to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Defines, Pensions, Houses, ciency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, of the several Rates and and Window Lights. Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act Tricefmo primo Georgii Secundi, for paying Annuities at the Bank of Eng? 1 11. 15s Sd to 'n respect of five millions borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Ser

mr.'ke good the Deficiency v'ce f the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not on 5 July 1759, of the exceeding eighty-four thousand one hundred forty-one Pounds, fifteen Shillings and eight Pence, to Subsidy of Poundage up replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the on Goods imported, and fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon cer ucon 0 ee an tain q0ods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate,

imported,

ilvlll tluuullu i 111 V "L W U A uulluo tla uilljlllj^o ullu LLU 1 Cllv v} LU 1 lpidll LU LUC U I 1j & < 11 C 1 uliu

the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, to answer

upon

8, 7521. 6s. icd. to to answer Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum charged thereupon, pursuant to the make good the Deficien Act Tricesimo secundo Georgii Secundi, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight thou cy on 5 Jan. 1759, of the sand seven hundred fifty-two Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund

Duties on Glass, and " 1'- ——

spirit ous Liquors.

make good the Deficien Annuities on Tingle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Atff Decimo nono Georgii Secy on 5 Jan. 1759, of cundi \ and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand six hundred fifty-one Pounds the additional S; ampdu nine Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of ties, Licences for wr.e, the famej to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred plus duties on Licences' ant fifty-nine, of the additional Stamp Duty, Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, Duty on for retailing Spirituous Coals exported, and Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, made a Fund i.iqeors. by an act Tricesimo Georgii Secundi, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of

200, cool, as a Compen three Pounds per Centum on three millions, as also the Life Annuities payable at the Exchequer, northrr>e frovl.nce4^n and other Charges thereupon; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred thou vcnces incurred intevy*" Pounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective inge. Troops there. Provinces in North America, for the Expenses incurred by them in the Levying, Clothing und Pay 20, 0001. to the e ft in of the Troops raised by the same, according as the active Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the rc dia Company, for defray spedlive Provinces shall be thought by his Majesty to merit; and any Sum or Sums of Money not jvni!ta* ^force hme exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be paid to the United Company of Mer

ff jy* tq6'e. chants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expense of a Mi

imburse the colony of Utary Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion of his ma nt.v York, their Ex jesty's Forces commanded by Colonel Adlercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ire

the British Forts, &c. m Campaign in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money Africa. not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British) Forts

75, 1701. 3d. iq. to and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy ^mh^graotsyor"li!ency VC thousand one hundred and seventy Pounds and threepence Farthing, to make good the Dcfi .0', oy t" make good9' C 'ency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and iifty nine; and th: like Sum issued, pur any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds, to make good the like Sum fun u an Address of the issued, pursuant to an Address of this house, by his Majesty, to Jane Harclinge Widow, as Ad in i heufc, to janchaidingc. lliftratfix

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 18.

453

niftratrix of Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, deceased, as a Recompense for his Pains and Service in preparing Copies of the Journals of this House for the Press, and in managing and directing the Printing of the same, for the Use of the Members of this House; any Sum or Sums of Money not 2, 000 J. to Jet. d5fop. exceeding two thousand Pounds, to make good the like Sum ifi ued, pursuant to an Address of this Esq; towards defraying House, by his Majesty, to Jeremiah Dyson Esquire, towards defraying the Expense of Printing the ^journals°of this Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the ninth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End House, cof the fourth Session of this present Parliament, and of making and printing Indexes to the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh Volumes of the Journals of this House; and any Sum or^0'001, sot Pay and Sums of Money not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards defraying the anodicds Militia Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ending the twenty-fifth Day to 25 March 1761. of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed 634l. 13s. 7d. todifc ing six hundred and thirty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and seven Pence, to enable the Principal charge the Imaeft on Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance to pay Interest after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per An office^f

num, from the twenty-fifth Day of Augitjl one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine to the twen 0^" '.^" of the pur ty fifth Day of April last, for the Sum of twenty-three thousand eight hundred Pounds eleven Shil chase money, nppropri lings and eleven Pence, remaining in his Majesty's Office of Ordnance upon the said twenty-fifth ated by an Act of the laftt Day of April, and not paid into the Hands of the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer of the Session, for Lands, Court of Exchequer at Westminster, as directed by an A iff made in the last Session of Parliament or yjr^s'\^hftham making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments purchased for his Majesty's Service, at Chatham, Ponfmouth and p'ly portsmouth and Plymouth, by reason of Doubts and Difficulties which have arisen touching the Exe mouth, but unapplied, cution of the said Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eleven thousand nine hun 11, 9401. 13s. iod. for dred and forty Pounds thirteen Shillings and ten Pence, for defraying the extraordinary Charge of extraordinary Charge t his Majesty's Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty the Mmt' nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, upon Ac 2, 5001. for dischargms count, for paying and discharging so much of the Debts, with the neccfi ary Expenses attending sic' on lile

the Payment of the same', claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited CI to the Crown by the Attainder of John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style and Title of Lord:

John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth, aa shall be remaining unsatisfied, and not already provided for.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Sup These Aids to beappli?3

plies provided as aforesaid, shall not be ifi ued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, to no other Ukr. other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act: rafts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for

that Purpose contained in any other Act oi\acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XIX. And as to the said Sum of thirty-five thousand six hundred fifty-one Pounds and nine Shillings, by this Act approoiated, on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part ^ae)^p; |'llcatl0r ot 15 of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regia 'payment. Troop or Company in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in forrte Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain.

XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and pasted in the thirty second Year of his Clmf« in Aa 33 Geo. ?.-, present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise tloe Sum of one million, c 3«

for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of Parliament; the several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; which, C any Sum or Sums not exceeding thirty-four thousand three hundred and sixty seven Pounds fifteen shillings and ten Pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the'

said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is hereby Application of the sa provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of thirty V nss the^Sum of four thousand three hundred sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, as is, or sit all he, tiiehrt Session

more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said towards Half pay.

Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or fucta others as, by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Chile ten of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants

under

*, sol. claimed on the Perth Estate, to be applied as directed by the Million Act of last sef £on.

Preamble reciting Act 29 Geo. 2. c. 34.

For farmer laws concerning Seamen refer to

2 R. 2. r. 4. 5 El. C 5.

7 Ctf 8 IF. 3. C 2l.

8 &9IF. 3. c 23.

9 & 10 IF. 3. C 41.

a C 6.

4 5 C 19.

10 Ann. C 17.

I Geo. 1. c. 2<;

3 Geo. r. c. 24.

I Geo. 2. Sf. 2. C 9.

1 g<ra. 2. C 14.

2 Go. 2. c. 7 fi j1 36.

6 Go. 2. C 25.

8 Go. 2. C 29.

11 Geo. 2. c. 30.

I 3 Geo. 2. c. 3, & 17. 14 Go. 2. C 38.

17 Go. 2. r 34.

18.Geo. 2. C 31. jo Go. 2. c. 38.

22 Geo. 2. c. 52.

24 Go. 2. c. 47. jb Go. 2. C 16.

32 Go. 2, C 25.

from and after 1 Sept. 1760, all Notification! of the Payment of Share! of Prizes condemned in Great Britain

C 19. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds by this Act appropriated for the Payment and Discharge of the Debts, with the Expenses attending the Payment of the same, claimed and sustained upon the said Lands, and Estate of Perth, shall be issued and applied in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as are prescribed and appointed with respect to the Money granted for the same Purpose by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the more effetflual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Moneys as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty'3s Navy.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more Jfcedy and ef fehual Manning his Majesty's Navy, it was (amongst other Thing's) enacted, That the Flag Offi cers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on Board every Ship and vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, should have the Sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandizes, which they should take from and after the seven teenth Day of Aiay in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, during the Continuance of the War against France (being first adjudged lawful Prize in Manner therein mentioned) to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors should think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be issued for those Purposes; and it was by the said Act directed, that all Appraisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes as should be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, should be made by Agents or Persons to be nominated and appointed by the Captors as therein mentioned; and that after the Sale or Sales of such Prize or Prizes as should be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, public Notification should be given by the Persons or Agents appointed, as therein before mentioned, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors; after which public Notification, if any Mens Shares should remain in the Hands of such Persons or Agents, either belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Service, or which should not be legally demanded within three Years, but then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as should be run from his Majesty's Service, should go and be paid to the Use of Green which Hospital; and by the said Act a certain Bounty was directed to be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, as therein is mentioned, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, that should have been actually on Board any of his Majesty's Ship or Ships, or Privateer or Privateers, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War or Privateers should have been ta ken from the Enemy, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, since his Majesty's Declaration of War against France, to be divided in Manner, Form and Proportion as by his Majesty's Proclamation should be directed; it was by the said Act further directed, that the Bill or Bills to be made out (as therein is mentioned) for such Bounty, should be made payable to such Person or Persons as should be authorised and appointed by the Officers or Persons inti tied thereto, in such Manner as fs therein before directed for the nominating and appointing Agents for Appraisements and Sales to be made as therein before is mentioned; the same to be distributed and divided, by the Person or Persons so authorised and appointed, amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form and Proportions as is therein before mentioned; and that the several Shares of such Captors, if not le gaily demanded within three Years after public Notification, and also of such as should be run from his Majesty's Service, should be applied to the Use of the said Hospital: whereas no Time is limited, or particular Method prescribed by the said Act, for the giving Notifications of the Day appointed for the Payment of the Shares of Prizes, nor is any express Direction given for the No 4 tification of the Day of Payment of the Shares of such Bounty Money as aforesaid, many Agents have neglected to specify in the Notification by them given in the London Gazette, for Payment of Shares of Prizes condemned in the High Court or other Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, the Particular Day or Time when such Payments were to commence, whereby it is very difficult, if not impossible, to ascertain the Time when the said Hospital becomes entitled to the nn claimed Shares, by Means whereof the said Hospital cannot have the full Benefit intended by the said recited Act For Remedy whereof; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty, all Notifications by the said last required to be given of the Payment of the Shares of Prizes taken, or to be taken from the

Enemy

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 19.

Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, and condemned, or to be condemned, in Great Britain; and from and after the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all Notifications by the said Act required to be given of the Payment of the Shares of Prizes taken, or to be taken from the Enemy, and condemned, to be condemned in any other of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's Pla, t: tions in America and from and after twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all Notifications by the said Act required to be given of the Payment of the Shares of Prizes taken, or to be taken from the Enemy, and condemned, or to be condemned in any other of his Majesty's Dominions; shall be respectively given and published in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, (that is to say) if the Prize or Frizes shall have been, or shall be condemned in his Majesty's High Court or other Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, then the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said Act for the Appraisement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification under his or their Hand or Hands respectively in the London Gazette; and if condemned in any Court or Courts of Admiralty in another of his Majesty's Dominions, then such Person or Persons, a^ent or Agents, as aforesaid, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification under his or their Hand or Hands respectively in the Gazette, or some other News Paper of public Authority, of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been, or shall be condemned; and if there shall be no Gazette or such News Paper published there, then in some or one of the most public News Papers of such Island or Place for the Time being: And all Persons or Agents publishing, or causing to be published, every such Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher for the Time being of his Majesty's Customs residing at or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher; and if there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, then such Persons or Agents as aforesaid shall deliver to the principal Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such principal Officer or Officers, two of the Gazettes or other News Papers, in which such Notifications shall be so inserted and published; if there shall not be any public News Papers in any such Island or Place, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall give two such Notifications in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or where there shall be no such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, to such principal Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies aforesaid; every such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, and principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on on some conspicuous Part of both the said Gazettes, News Papers, or written Notifications respectively, and by the first Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, News Papers, or written Notifications respectively) from such Port or Place to any Port of Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, One of the said Gazettes, News Papers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered; shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said two Gazettes, News Papers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their Custody; that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Person or Persons Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify his or their Place or Places of Abode, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Prize or Prizes to the Captors: And all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, shall be published in the London Gazette three Days at lead before any Part or Farts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons entitled thereto; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned, or to be condemned in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers aforesaid respective1 y, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, three Days at least before any Part or Parts, Shaie or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Person or Persons entitled thereto.

Days also before Payment is made

455

and from and after t Feb. 1761, all Notifications of those condemned in any other of the j3ri tish Dominions tneurope or America; and from and after 25 Dec. 1761, of those condemned elsewhere;

to be inserted c by the Agents, if condemned in Great Britain, in the London Gazette; and if condemned in any other of the King's Dominions, in the Gazette, or other News Paper of the Place of public Authority;

and where there are none, then in one of the most public News Papeis of the Place;

and two of the said Gazettes, or News Papers, are to be delivered by them to the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Port;

and if there shall be no public News Paper, they are then to deliver two Notifications in Writing;

which are to be signed by the Collector or other Principal Officer; one whereof is to be transmitted, by the first Ship, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and to be registered there j

and the other to be kept in his Custody. the Agents Place of Abode, and the Day and Year appointed for Payment of the Shares, to be inserted in every Notification;

and those condemned in Great Britain, to be published three Days, and ihofe in other Parts, to be delivered to the Collector, &c. three of any of the Shares.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Three Days previous September one thousand seven hundred and sixty all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, lice..a*r°d?be p0*3'1 appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said Act, by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Cap Agents jnthelcn tains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or ship's Company, and others of any of don Gazette, of the di his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, for the Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills, given or firibution of any Bounty granted by virtue of the said Act, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, under his or their Eland and Hands, in the London Gazette, three Days at least before the Payment or Distribution of any such Bounty Bill or Bounty Bills, public Notification of the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of such Bounty Money, and shall insert in every such Notification the Place or Places of his or their Abode.

3

456

C ig<

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

of Prize or Bounty Money,

hut the Day of Commencement of the Payment,

and the Agent's Name and Abode hath not, or hall not be specifiec; such Agents for Prizes condemned in Great Britain, or for the Di' Hributirn of the Bounty

3176a.

to give Notification of the Day and Year appointed for such Payments,

and to specify also their Place of Abode the said Notifications to

whereruhklt Kotifica

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any public tien hath seen, or shall Notification hath, during the present War, been given, or shall be given before the respective Times of Prize orbtounty}mo t herein before mentioned for the giving of Notifications in Great Britain, and other Parts of his ma iesty's Dominions, of the Payment of any Prize or Bounty Money in respect of any of his Majesty's Ships or vessels of War, and the particular and precise Day whereon such Payment did or shall commence, and the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of any such Prize or Prizes, or Distribution of any such Bounty Money, was not, or shall not be set forth and specified in such public Notification; the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in his Majesty's High Court or other Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or for the Distribution of any such Bounty Money, shall on or before the twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven Money, are on or before hundred and sixty; and the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for 35 Dec. 1760; the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned, in any

and for those condemned Court or Courts of Admiralty in any other of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, or in any of his n any other of the Bn majesty's Plantations in America, shall on or before the first Day of June one thousand seven hun or arneri'a^on'or Wore and sixty one; and the Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed for 1 June 176*1; 'the Appraisement and Sale of every such Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned, in any

and for those elsewhere, other of his Majesty's Dominions, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand on or before 15 March seven hundred and fixt> two; respcistively give Notification under his or their Hand or Hands re speblively, of the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money respectively; and shall specify in every such Notification his or their Place or Places of Abode: And all such Notifications shall be published, or given and delivered, attested and transmitted, by and to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, as the Notifications to be published or given, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, the xne iaio ^ouncanons 10 Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and the twenty-fifth Day of de bevebve^ettitefte^ and ce)" rone thousand seven hundred and sixty one respectively, are herein before directed and required transmited as before dito be published, or given and delivered, attested and transmitted.

retted.

Agents neglecting or re

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Agent, ap fusing to publish or deli pointed or to be appointed for Appraisement or Sale of any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken yer any such Notification, from the Enemy by ny of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or for the Distribution of any Bounty Money, shall neglect or refuse to publish, give or deliver, any Notification directed or required by the said former Abl or this Act to be published, given or delivered, or shall not publish, give or deliver any such Notification for such Space, before the Payment of any Part of such Prize or Bounty Money, or within the Times herein before respectively limited, or in the Manner herein before appointed, or shall not set forth and specify therein the Matters and Things herein before directed to be specified and set forth; every such Person or Agent shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, over and above all Penalties and Forfeitures inflibled or imposed by the said former Abl; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain or America or elsewhere, in any of his Majesty's Dominions, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one end Colleger?, c. re j m parlance, shall he allowed: And if any Collector, Customer or Searcher of his Majesty's cu irit"hefame, forfeit" ' Roms, or Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or 1001. also. refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or send any such Gazette, News Paper, or written

Notification as aforesaid, in such Manner as is before directed, every such Collector, Customer or Searcher, Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the lame

Manner as the above Penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

Th: Notification so V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Notifications in all such Gazettes, transmitted, attested anj News Papers, and in Writing respectively as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested regl: crej' by such Coilcblor, Customer or Searcher, or Principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies

as aforesaid, and registered at the said Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand Writing of such Collector, Customer, Searcher, Principal Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from Time d nttfof thi idwitity" of to Time, an at T'ijncs, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all his Majesty's Courts of Law of tnz Agents. y and Equity, that the Person or Persons, whose Name or Names is or are therein set forth and specified as the Agent or Agents for the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such Agent or Agents.

VI. And whereas no Provision is made by the said recited Act, to oblige the Registers of the ad c miralty Courts in Great Britain duly to register, or keep proper Lists or Accounts of Letters of

C Attorney exhibited or delivered to them to be registered: And whereas it will tend to the Benefit

C of the said Hospital if such Letters of Attorney were duly registered, and Copies of such Registers transmitted to the Treasurer of the said Hospital j' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore all letters of Attorney f; tid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, h'l/x^cd't>3re l^)c ^cs'^cr or Registers of his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts ofadmi the Ke, 'in rsofvhc Ad '^'Y 'n rent Britain, shall, from Time to Time, duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or n.iuhy Ccutit, within registered, in one or more Book or Books to be by him or them kept for that Purpose only, all Let

14 Dajs after being cz ter.s of Attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the said twenty-ninth Day of Scp

hiin'cd, t ember

for kit roc 1. ever and azote all Penalties, infiidled by the former Act;

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 20. 457

tmler one thousand seven hundred and sixty, by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills, within fourteen Days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Register or Registers at his or their respective Offices; which re giftry shall contain, the Day of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy, taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privatees of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk or otherwise destroyed; the said and Transcrfpts thereof r.egifter or Registers shall, on the twenty sixth Day of March, and the thirtieth Day of September, to be transmitted by or within forty Days thereafter, in every Year transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of the said them half yearly, to the Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy or Transcript tj^afurer of lhehof- under his or their Hand or Hands of all such Entries as aforesaid, within the preceding half Year; p'a' and if such Register or Registers shall n, glect or refuse to make and keep such Entries, or to transmit or deliver such Copies thereof as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to on penalty of forfeiting be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Re 100'cord, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures ^tur^t^/l^th^in given and granted by this act, shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the said Royal Hospital. u"evihof

pital.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfei Those given to the use tures, and Parts of Penalties and Forfeitures given or to be given to the Use of the said Royal of the Hospital, may be Hospital by. this present act, or any other act or acis of Parliament, shall and maybe sued for f "ed^or'n Name 0 and recovered in the Name of the Master or Governor, or of the Lieutenant or Deputy Go Deputy Governor vernor for the Time being of the said Hospital. See farther % Geo. C.

2 6.

CAP. XX.

An Act to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of

Members to sit in the House of Commons.

tr

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Preamble, reciting Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying Clauses in at9 Annrr, ' the Members to sit in the House of Commons, it was enabled. That no Persons should be capable to c 5 ' sit or vote, as a Member of the House of Commons for any County, City, Borough or Cinque 2 2*

Port, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town f Geo. 2. C

Berwick upon Tweed, who should not have an Estate, Feehold or of for his own Life, or ig Geo. 2. c. 28.

for some greater Estate, either in Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in 31 Geo. z, C 14*

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, over and above what would satisfy and clear all Incum brances that might affect the same, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the respective annual Value therein

limited; videlicet, The annual Value of six hundred Pounds above Reprizes, for every Knight

of a Shire; and the annual Value of three hundred Pounds above Reprizes, for every Citizen, Burr gefs or Baron of the Cinque Ports: 'Now, in order to enforce and render the said Aift more effectual, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Determination of this present Parliament, every ailmembers infuture Person, except as is herein after excepted, who shall be elected a Member of the House of Com h fore

mons, shall, before he presumes to vote in the House of Commons, or sit there during any Debate They l&^re to deliver in the said House of Commons, after their Speaker is chosen, produce and deliver in to the Clerk in it the Table, while of the said House, at the Table in the Middle of the said House, and whilst the House of Com the House is sitting, a mons is there duly sitting, with their Speaker in the Chair of the said House, a Paper or Account fined Schedule of their signed by every such Member, containing the Name or Names of the Parish, Township or Pre re Peflive^1 cat; on cinft, or of the several Parishes, Townships or Precindis, and also of the County, or of the several Counties, in which the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments do lie, whereby he makes out his Qualification, declaring the same to be of the annual Value of six hundred Pounds above Reprizes, if a Knight of a Shire; and of the annual Value of three hundred Pounds above Reprizes, if a Citizen, Burgess or Baron of the Cinque Ports; and shall also, at the same Time, take and subseibe the and take and subscribe following Oath; videlicet, the following Oath,

A A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide have such an Estate in Law or Equity, and of such ' I Value, to and for my own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

over and above what will satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that may aftedl the same, as doth qua lify me to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the Place I am returned for, according

458 C 21. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. a.d.1759,

to the Tenor and true Meaning of the as of Parliament in that Behalf j and that such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, do lie as described in the Paper or Account signed by me, and now e delivered to the Clerk of the House of Commons.'

So help me God.

which Is to be admini And the said House of Commons is hereby empowered and required to administer the Laid Oath and ftered by the House, and Subscription, according to the Directions of this act, as Occasion shall be, from Time to Time, enrolled, after the usual to every Person duly demanding the same, immediately after such Person shall have taken the Oaths oaths^oj qua^hfication of Allegiance, Supremacy and Abjuration at the said Table: And the said Oath and Subscription ave eenta cn, herein before directed to be taken and made, "shall be entered in a Parchment Roll, to be provided and the Shedule to bs for that Purpose by the Clerk of the House of Commons; and the said Papers or Accounts so signed filed and delivered in to the said Clerk as aforesaid, shall be filed and carefully kept by him.

Any Member presuming

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who shall be elected to act contrary hereto, to serve in any future Parliament as a Knight of a Shire, or as a Citizen, Burgess or Baron of the Cinque Ports, shall presume to sit or vote as aforesaid as a Member of the House of Commons, before he has delivered in such Paper or Account, and taken and subscribed such Oath as aforesaid, or r without being duly shall not be qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, and of this qualified, his Election is Act; his election shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and a new Writ shall be issued to elect h°to iitu d 3 "ew Wm another Member in the said person's Room.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the eldef! Son or Heir

the Genera?quahfica Apparent of any Peer or Lord of Parliament, or of any Person qualified to serve as a Knight of a, i03.^Shire, or to the Members for either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England,

See farther 3 Geo. 3. e, or to the Members for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

15 24.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

C IT E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parli

C W ament assembled, being desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, byways and Means the leaf! burdensome to your majesty's subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem 1, 602, 706l.9l.9a. bled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as shall, from Time to granted to his Majesty Time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excelfes, Overplus Moneys, out of the Sinking Fund. ancj other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinkig Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, a Sum not exceeding two millions six hundred and two thousand seven hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the cornmiftioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

Chase of Loan

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum. of two millions six hundred and two thousand seven hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of two millions six. hundred and two thousand seven hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, excefics, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the trca fury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Avft, shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Alll ilinent whatsoever.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 21. 459

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money Tallies of Loan to be upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall struck ct immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so Orders registered and to be lent, shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every paid in Course.

Person and Persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders shall stand registered in the Paid Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors,

Administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or other Revenues; and he, she or they, who shall have ins, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surplusses, ex ceflcs and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues, composing the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Coporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid) and that no Fee, Reward or No Feefor re£lflenng» Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Sut; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also: And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be Penalty for undue Premade, either in Point ofregiftry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any ference, such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full costs Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to fuel) Ablion, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order ofre straint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or No undue Preference, Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Re wheretallies are dated or ceipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, brou£ht the same Day! so as he enters them all the same Day.

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Norif subsequent Order Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay be paid before such as subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before were nt demanded in other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course; so as there Course

be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall Orders assignable, be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register

as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, hef or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties: quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And, to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand seven hundred and six Pounds? nine Shillings and nine Pence, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Ex

N n n z chequer

C 2 2.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 17 5 g.

of of the

que." Bills, extended to this.

chequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the Public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissionen r?r3 "ryaimkbts of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or new3£xch"que^bish, ° any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, hall judge it more containing one common adviseable to raise tyre said Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand seven hundred and Sum, or different Sums, six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such in the Principal Moneys. Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand seven hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land "Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, are enacted and prefer i bed, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said at.

Clauses In the Land Tax

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro aft re.ating to Exche vifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned at, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Intereffc to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) hall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned at, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re cnaited in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excelfes and Overplus Adonies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Adonies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying oft', cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid oft', cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And be it declared' and further enacted by the Authority, That it shall and may be lawful for jd hsumofvc02°co61c the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Si gxnotwithstanding Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand seven hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their maje/lics several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships, and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the ivar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Bills discharged to b

cancelled,

The Banlc of England authorised to advance the fa

9s. 9

the Act of 5 & 6 W,

& M. C 20.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for limiting, confining, and better regulating the Payment of the Weekly Allowances made by act of Parliament, for the Maintenance of Families unable to support themselves during the Absence of Militia Men, imbodied and ordered out into actual Service; and for explaining so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pmishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as relates to the Militia when imbodied and in actual Service -, and for explaining and amending certain Parts of the Laws now in Force, for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called England.

preamble, reciting Clauses in Act 31 Geo. < z, C 2$. C

C C ( C i

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty first Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled,

Act, for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in of Great Britain called England; it is enacted, That when any

the several Counties vf that Pi Militia Man shall be ordered out into aitual Service, leaving a Family not of Ability to support themselves during his Absence, the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish where such Family ill ill reside, shall allow to such Family such Weekly Allowance for their Support, until the Return, of such Adilitia Man, as shall be ordered by any one Justice of the Peace; such Allowance to be reimbursed out of the County Stock by the Treasurer of the County, and that such Treasurer

3. shall

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 22.

461

shall be allowed the fume in his Accounts: And whereas under the Authority of the said Act,

sundry Payments have been made to such Families exceeding the Sums necessary for their Sup port: And whereas many Persons having large Families, have been accepted and enrolled as Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers in the Militia, and are now in actual Service: in Consequence whereof, larger Sums have been raised and paid for the Purpose aforesaid, than Necessity re quired: For Remedy whereof; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Militia Man who hall have Overseers to pay out of been accepted and enrolled as a Substitute, or as a hired Man, or as a Volunteer, before the passing the Poor Rates, by Order of this Act; or if any Militia Man who hall have been chosen by Lot, whether before or after ° ai?ovjaunftce^atltedi" the passing of this Act, hall, when imbodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to flyr^ed°faminesot mi march, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the litia Men imbodied and Parish, Tything or Township where the Family of such Militia Man shall dwell, hall by Order of called out into actual some one Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything servi'c, e, for°p°rtl nat or Township, pay to such Family a Weekly Allowance according to the usual and ordinary Price of 1°? U, V "teu V Labour in Husbandry, within the County, Riding, Division, District or Place where such Family, n the County, Jnd the hall dwell, by the following Rule; that is to say. For one Child under the Age of ten Years, the Number and Age of the Price of one day's Labour; for two Children under the Age aforesaid, the Price of two d.ys Children;

Labour; for three or four Children under the Age aforesaid, the Price of three Days Labour; for

five or more Children under the Age aforesaid, the Price of four Days Labour; and for the Wife

of such Militia Man, the Price of one day's Labour: And in every Parish, Tything or Township and where the said Rates

where the Money arising by such Rates hall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate shall be infuffi ienr, a

or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose; and every such Weekly Allow new Ratis to be made;

ance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the Overseer or Overseers of such Parish, Tything or Town "nd the Overseers are to

hip, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place where such Parish, Tything or Township

hall be situate, out of the public Stock. __ ou 0 e oun y oc

II. Provided always, That no Family of any Militia Man, who shall not have been chosen by Ty, e Families only of Lot (except the Families of such Substitutes, hired Men or Volunteers, who shall have been ac such Men as shall be cepted and enrolled before the passing of this Act) shall after the passing of this Act be entitled chosen by Lot, and of to or receive any such Weekly Allowance. the Substicu es, hired

Men, and Volunteers, already Enrolled, are entitled to such Allowance.

III. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of every County, Riding and Division shall and is Treasurer of the County

hereby required to keep exact and distinct Accounts of all the Moneys that shall have been f0 by tokeepndret"riljn Ac"

him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Directions of this f^buri^d byhix'or

Act; and shall at the End of every seven Calendar Months return the said Accounts, together with other treasurers/to the

the Accounts which he shall have received from the several Treasurers of the Cities, Towns, Li Overseers, into the Ex

berties or Places, to the Office of the tjeafurer's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer. chequer every seven'

'Months.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cities, Towns, Liberties, Divisions and where any City or Place Places, which are not liable to contribute to County Rates by virtue of an act made in the twelfth shall not be liable by Act A ear of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for tbs move easy assessing, collecting, and levying of"1 G.C0, 2- e' 29- to County Rates; the Justices of the Peace for every such City, Town, Liberty, Division and Place, at any Sessions or Meeting, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, may and hall appobta Treasurer, Tnd appoint a Treasurer, and shall assess upon every Parish, Tything, Township, Hamlet or Vili, aflcfs each Parish, c. within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, in such Proportions as the Rates heretofore made proportionate to their for the Relief of the Poor have been usually act effied, and shall cause to be paid out of the Money usual Poors Rate, collected and levied for the Relief of the Poor of every such Parish, Tything, Township, Hamlet or V ill, into the Hands of such Treasurer, such Sum or Sums of Moneyas they in their Discre; n a Sum sufficient to ration shall think sufficient for reimbursing to the Overseer or Overseers of the several Parishes, imburse to the Overseers Tythings, Townships, Hamlets or Vills, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, the wkly Allowances Amount of the Weekly Allowances paid by such Overseer or Overseers to the Families of the Act paid tbcm* litia Men residing within their respective Jurisdictions as aforesaid; every such Treasurer shall forthwith reimburse the same to every such Overseer or Overseers accordingly: And such Treasurer is hereby required to keep exact and distinct Accounts of all the Moneys that shall have been so paid into his Hands, and so by him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid; flail at The Treasurer to keep the End of every six Calendar Months, transmit the said Accounts to the Treasurer of the County and transmit an Account or Riding which such City, Town, Liberty, Division and Place, is, by an Act made in the their of the Moneys so received tieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Mi, d paid by h, m to he

litia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, united with, and made °u"ty

Part of, for the Purposes of the said Act. every Months.

V. Provided, That the Treasurer of the City of Lincoln, and County of the said City, Treasurer of the City,

shall transmit his Accounts to the Treasurer of the Division of Lindsey within the County fc of lincoln>to trans Lincoln J J 1 nit his Accounts to the

Treasurer of Lindsey

462

G. 22.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Where Treasurers shall reimburse to Overseers

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Treasurer of any County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, who shall, after the thewee^lvalwatceto passins this Act, reimburse to any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, the Families of Militia Township, Hamlet or Villainy Sum or Sums of Money in pursuance of the Directions of this Men, serving in any at, on account of the Weekly Allowance to the Family of any Militia Man serving in the Militia County other than that of any County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division or Place, other than the County, Riding, whetem sikh Families City, Town, Liberty, Division or Place where such Family shall dwell, shall deliver or transmit an we j'n act unt1 thereof" Account of such Money as he shall have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by one or more Justice

f gned by'r/ustice, to the or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division or Placetvhere Treasurer of the County such Family shall dwell, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division wherein such Men serve, or Place, in the Militia whereof such Militia Man shall serve; and thereupon the Treasurer, to themhthe fameirn jur 6 w^om such Account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby required, to pay to the Treasurer who shall have so delivered or transmitted such Account, the Sum or Sums so by him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

The Pay of all Regiments

VII. And for avoiding all unnecessary Expenses on account of the Pay of the Officers of the and Battalions, to which Militia when imbodied and called out into actual Service, Be it enacted, That the Pay of every officers were not af Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to which the Commissions for Field Officers have not been Blued sinned before imay 1760. an given, pursuant to the Directions of the several alsof Parliament for the better ordering the and of all Independent Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, before the first Companies now imbodied Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and of every Independent Company of Militia and m attual Service, now imbodied and in actual Service, when it shall, after its return Home, and Discharge from such unnh n^ from such 6" a<^ual Service, be again imbodied and called out into actual Service, shall be issued and paid accor service, and be again im ding to the following Establishment; that is to say, The Field Officers of a Regiment (which when bodied and called out, to imbodied and in actual Service, shall in no Case consist of more than twelve Companies, nor less be according to the fol than eight Companies, of eighty Private Men at the mod, and sixty Private Men at the least) in v^'^ro^er^raiment to aiaa be one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and where the Nuni 0/12 0i compante^ ber p*'ivate Aden shall amount to five Companies, or to any Number under eight Companies, 1 Colonel, i Lieutenant such Militia shall be formed into a Battalion, with one Lieutenant Colonel and one Major, and no Colonel, and 1 Major 5 other Field Officer entitled to Pay; and where the Number of private Men shall amount to three to every Baitaiion of 5 or Companies, or to any Number under five Companies, such Militia shall also be formed into a more Companies, 1 Lieut. gatta]j0]1 with one Lieutenant Colonel, and no other Field Officer entitled to Pay; and in each re an°d°to every inferior bat g'imenc or Battalion of Militia, there shall be entitled to Pay a Number of Captains, Lieutenants talion, 1 L Colonel; and Ensigns, equal to the Number of Companies in such Regiment or Battalion (Grenadier com with Captains, Lieuce panies excepted, wherein there shall be one Captain and two Lieutenants entitled to Pay); and in nants, nd Ensigns, equal every such Regiment or Battalion there shall be entitled to pay one Adjutant, one quarter master,

t: ti % ch <fcsr; onc Surgeon, one sergeant major, and one drum major, and a Number of Sergeants and corpo pames in eac, ^exc p fas in the proportion Gf one Sergeant and one Corporal to twenty Private Aden, and also

two

Grenadier Companies, .

wherein are 10be 1 Cap drummers to each Company: And in every County, Riding and Place, and in every City and tain and 2 Lieutenants) Town, being a County, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, and in the Isle of Wight, and in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, where the Number of Private Militia Aden shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment or a Battalion, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the following Establishment shall take Place therein; and the Militia thereof, and the Officers of such Militia, shall, when imbodied and in actual Service, be entitled to Pay accordingly; that is to say, The Militia of such Counties, Ridings, Places, Cities and Towns, and of the said Isle of jvighly shall be formed into Independent Companies, each Company consisting of eighty Private Men at

Staff Officers: 1 Adjutant, 1 Quarter m after, and 1 Surgeon, 1 Serj., Major, 1 Drum Major with Sergeants, Corporals, and Drums. To the Independent

vt(7ax he 'placedthe and sixty Private Men at the least; and to every such Company there shall be entitled to

1 Captain, 1 Lieutenant' Pay, one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign, and a Number of Sergeants and Corporals i Enfrgn, with Sergeants equal to the Number hcreiii before allowed to a Company of Militia: And it shall be lawful for his and Corporals. Inde Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to join together any Number of such Independent Companies, pendent Compares may ancj therewith to form a Battalion or Battalions, or to incorporate them with any Regiment or bat lions^r incorporated" talion, Regiments or Battalions, of Militia, but so as the Number of Companies in any such Regiment or Battalion do not exceed, or fall short of the Number of Companies of which a Regiment or Battalion of Militia is herein before respectively allowed to consist.

VIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether a Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, ' can feive as a Colonel in the Militia for such County, Riding or Place, 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, to act as a Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia for such County, Riding or Place, for and during such Time or Times as there shall not be any Colonel appointed for the Command of the same Regiment or Battalion; but no Lieutenant shall at any one Time ail as a Colonel to more than one Regiment or Battalion.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall under the Powers given by this Act, serve as Colonel to anybody of Militia by this Act deemeed a Battalion, he shall not, when such Battalion shall be imbodied and in aitual service, be entitled to or receive any other Pay than a Lieutenant Colonel; and that no other Person whatsoever shall serve or he entitled to Pay, as a Lieutenant Colonel in such Battalion, during the Time that his Majesty's said Lieutenant shall serve therein as Colonel; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

1 X And

with other Regiments, c.

lieu enants of Countic3 mav aft as Colonel:, where no Colonel shall be appointed;

but not to more than 1 p.egiment or Battalion; and is to receive Pay as Lieutenant Colonel only, when serving with any Battalion imbodied and rated ou'; and no other L r C

f, r f* 11# il b 1

fvrfon to terve, or bi! in tilled to furl Pay, during such Time,

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 22. 463

X. And be it enacted, That where the Number of Officers in any Regiment, Battalion, or In So many Office now dependent Company of Militia, now imbodied and in actual Service, exceeds the Number by this embodied and in Service, Act entitled to Pay under the Establishment aforesaid, such and so many of them of each respective as excledvi ekii^urtlbe! Rank exceeding the Number so entitled to Pay, shall within two Months after the passing of this of Pay, may be 'exempted Act, be exempted from actual Service, as shall desire so to be; and no Officer so exempted shall be from Service as shall de entitled to or receive any Pay as an Officer of the Militia, lire it;

r but they are not to be

XI. And whereas it might conduce to the better Discipling of the Militia, if the Adjutant of, ntltled to Pay '

each Regiment or Battalion was allowed to be a Commissioned Officer in the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs f Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Lieutenants or inferior passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding, Commissions may be or Place, to grant unto the Adjutant of each Regiment or Battalion a Commission of Lieutenant, or g^nted to Adjuunts, any inferior Commission therein, if he shall think fit, although such Adjutant shall not have the Qua 3 k6al

lification mentioned in this or any former Act; and such Adjutant shall be and is hereby freed and^' ca '°n',

discharged from all Penalties and Forfeitures for taking and holding such Commission. acting as for holing Vie same a Commissioned Officer in such Regiment or Battalion, without having such Qualification; anything herein, or any former Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Number of private Militia Men within anywhere the Men of any such City or Town as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to form one Company according to the Efta c'ty or Town frail not blishment aforesaid, then and in such Case, the private Militia Men of such City or Town shall be ^o^f^nt to torma and be deemed Part of, and shall serve in some Company or Companies of the Militia of the County //areto be deemed or Riding to which such City or Town is by an Act made in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's Part of, and to serve in, Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces, in the several Counties of that frme Company of the Part o/Great Britain called England, united, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and the Deputy c? which

Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace of and for the County or Riding to, which such City or Town [uc o ^ygor2 °cw" is so united as aforesaid, shall in such Case have full Power and Authority to act within such City united'! '

Town with respect to such Matters only as shall relate to the Militia thereof, in the same Man and the Deputy lieute ner, and to all intents and Purposes as they are by Law empowered and required to act with respect nants and justices may to the Militia of any other Part of such County, Riding or Place: anything herein or in any other aa therei">as they may Act contained, o the contrary notwithstanding. fcssszksz:

___ V*»of

CXIII. And whereas some Doubt hath arisen whether certain Provisions contained in an Act made the Provisions in the in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny Act'are to the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, do at any Time, or in any Case, extend to the extend equally to the

Officers of the Militia and Private Militia Men It is hereby declared and enacted, That from the Militia while drawn

Time that any Regiment Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia shall be drawn out and em ular

bodied, until they shall be returned again by Order of their Commanding Officers, to their respectp/cees. inss eu ar tive Parishes or Places of Abode, all the Provisions contained in the said Act relating to Officers and

Soldiers mustered, lifted, or in Pay in his Majesty's Service, do and shall equally extend to, and

take Place, in respect of the Officers and private Militia Men of every such Regiment, Battalion or other/fe spedahypro independent Company of Militia respectively, excepting only as to such Particulars as are or shall vided for by any of the be otherwise specially provided for by any Act or Acts of Parliament for regulating the Militia Forces Militia Atts. within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid.

XIV. And whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An The Clause in the Act 1 Act for enforcing the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia; and for removing certain Difficulties, 32 Geo 20- enact

and preventing Inconveniences attending or which may attend the same, it is enacted, That one Hal p"g'tha.t°ne.haiff°n 1 of the Estates thereby respectively required for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants, and p u*y Lieutenants and 1 of the Captains, Lieutenants, and Ensigns, of the Militia in the Isle of Ely, in the County of officers for the isle of

Cambridge, shall be situate or arising within the said Isle, from which Provision some Inconveni Ely, frail lie within the ence has been found to arise;remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, said repealed; That so much of the said Clause as requires that one Half of such Estates shall he situate or arising and the same may lie ei within the said Isle of Ely, be and the same is hereby repealed; and that one Half of the estates her ly.or Cam" by the said recited Act respectively required for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants, and of bn ge re'

the Captains, Lieutenants and Ensigns, of the Militia, in the said Isle of Ely, shall be situate or arising within the said Isle, or some other Part of the County of Cambridge: And in case any Person but the Penalty of aain» shall act as a Deputy Lieutenant, or as a Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign of the Militia, in the said not being qualified, is Isle, who shall not be respectively qualified in such Manner ashy the said recited Clause (so far as the same as within any the same is not hereby altered) and by this Act is required, every such Person shall be subject and othercounty. liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as any Person is subject and liable to for acting as a Deputy Lieutenant or Officer of the Militia, within any other County or Place in England, without See farther Chapur 24, being qualified according to the Acts of Parliament now enforce relating thereto, osd 2 Geo. 3. C zo.

CAP. XXIII.

464

C

i

J

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and towards Naval Services for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

' 117 T your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, for raising the Supply granted to your Majesty towards paying off and < discharging the Debt of the Navy; and also towards raising the Supply granted to your Majesty

Naval Services in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and do therefore moult humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's moll: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Credit of Lean granted and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it to his Majesty for raising shall and may be lawful to and for the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants 1, 500, 0001. under his e.oyal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury

now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Treasury may raise the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred same by Loans or Ex and sixty one, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, chewier Bills, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any

Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums Money not exceeding, in in like Manner as is pre Loans anc Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the said Sum of one million five hundred thou feribed by the Land Tax fond Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like

Act of this Session, Rules and Directions as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act concerning Loans or for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be ralfed In Great Britain for the Service of the Exchequer Bills thereby year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exche

to ema e out. quer gj]js to or made in pursuance of the said Act.

The clauses, &c. in the

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes said Act relating to Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said last Loans or Exchequer Bills, mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of extended to the Loan; or the faj<j Act, ancj af except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Loans Exchequer Bills to be ancj Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last: mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills, to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall after the same hath or have been issued and paid at the Exchequer to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, and applied by him for the Purposes herein after mentioned, be afterwards, at any Time before the twenty sixth not to be received again Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, received or taken, or pass, or be current in Payment of any Tax, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, or at the Receipt 2 are 17 1. of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, otherwise, or on any other Account, than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment, before the said twenty sixth Day of March; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange at any Time before the said twenty sixth Day of March, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued and applied as aforesaid for may any Action lie by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for stich Refusal. for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money before the said twenty sixth Day of March; anything in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be ralfed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or this Act, contained to the contrary not v/ithstanding.

The Principal and Intc

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer atil nlin' to be '^tdout L'ts, together with the Interest, Premium Rate and Charges indident to, or attending the same, of the next Supplies; shall he and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall he repaid or born by or out of the

and if none sufficient be first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session Parliament; and in case sufficient

granted before 5 July Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand

1761 '^seven hundred and sixty one, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Pre

lii'/cfni. s'inkmvrund mmm» Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and 'chargeable upon such Moneys as at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand

made forth in pursuance of this Act.

The Exchequer Bills so made forth, and issued to the Treasurer of the Navy,

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24;

465

thousand seven hundred and sixty one shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any at or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can he regularly dated and ascertained,

for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, filtered, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respecti ve Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall and the Moneys so issued

be so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing thcare to be repla ccd out 01

Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then the i, uppllc5'

after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may bet, hebankt0 lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in dko^lotn.'tn/'.sur^or like Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this at, any Sums not exceeding Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million five hundred thousand 1, 500, 0001.

Pounds; anything in an act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and the Act of 5 & 6 w. & Queen Mary, intituled, an Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Don MC notwithstan

nage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for fectiring certain Recompenses and Ad dins'

vantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the jvar aga vnjl France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one million five Appropriation of the hundred thousand Pounds by this at granted, shall be appropriated, and is hereby appropriated forsaidmoney, viz. and towards the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say, That out of the said 1000, 0001. toward Sum there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding onecharginst1'tvy L million, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and any Sum or Sums of and 500, 0001. towards Money not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Naval Services herein after Naval Services in general, mentioned; that is to say. Towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the

Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and half-pay to Sea Officers; and towards maintaining eighteen thousand three hundred and fifty-five Marines; and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defray For former Militia Laid ing the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia for one Year, end r'fer to 4 s p & ing the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 3. explaining certain Parts of the as for the better ordering of the Militia Forces je, within that Part of Great Britain called England relating to the Money to be given 1 am.ft. 2. r.23. to private Militia Men, upon their being ordered out into acftual Service; and to*82; c'14>

the Clothes of privare Militia Men; and to the Time of the Commencement of the Geo. 23 pay of the embodied Militia. 3°g7o. I. cit.

32 Geo. 2. c. 20. 33 Geo 2- c 2 & 22*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, upon

Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia,

from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: 'In order therefore that the Charge of Pay and Clothing for such Militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied. Be it enacted by the King's moll: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within ten Days after that his Majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Absence, any three where Pay has not yet Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called Eng been issued, the licute land, where Pay has not yet been issued for the Militia according to Law, shall have certified to the nant or Deputy^lieu of of his Majesty's Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, that three fifths l^nan*s of the co^n')r' of the Number of private Militia Men of any Regiment, Battalion or Independent Company of the th^treftbry the actual° Militia of such County, Riding or Place, have been chosen and enrolled, and that the like Propor inrolment of the pro tion of the Number of the Commission Officers of such Regiment, Battalion or Independent Com portion of Men and of pany, have been appointed, and have taken out their Commissions and entered their Qualifications ficers, eciuire'qt> be mas js by Law required, his Majesty's said Lieutenant, or in his Absence, the said three Deputy [j1 Jibbing are

Lieu

460

C 24. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. a.jj. 1759

iteto certify the same Lieutenants, hall also certify the same to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for also to the Receiver ge fych bounty. Riding or Place; and when any Regiment, Battalion or Independent Company of n.tai o t e ar axe; the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, that shall sr of the Troops that have been empodied and called out into actual Service, hall be disembodied and returned Home by have been embodied and Order of their commanding Officers, and thereby be no longer entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion or Independent Company shall belong, or in his Absence, any three Deputy Lieutenants, shall certify to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or Place, that such Regiment, Battalion or Inde receivers General are to pendent Company, is disembodied and returned Home as aforesaid; upon Receipt of which Certificate, make L uesof Months }'uch Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for thjdate oftjch Certifi several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, For the Pay of the said Militia, for four Calendar Months in advance from the Date of such Certificate, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is by this Act allowed; and at the Rate of one Shilling a Day for each Sergeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each sergeant major, where a sergeant major is by this Act allowed; and at the rate of six Pence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of six Pence a Day for each drum major, where a drum major is by this Act allowed; and also at the Rate of one Shilling for each private Militia Man, with the Addition of six Pence to each Corporal for every Day in which such private Militia Man or Corporal shall be re spedlively employed in the Militia; and also at the Rate of two Shillings for each private Militia Man, with the Addition of one Shilling to each Corporal, for his March on the Monday and Saturday in whitsun jveek, to and from the Place of General Exercise; also at the Rate of five Pence a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expenses of each re uith half a year's Salary ginient, Battalion or Independent Company of Militia; and also for half a year's Salary for the to the Regimental and Olerk. of each Regiment of Militia, or of the Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; that the Clerk of the General is to say. To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meetings; Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shil

c1wlis the Subdl' ling for each Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the Militia for such County, Riding or Place, i ion eetmgs, where the Militia hath not already been eloathed, at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each private Man, and at the Rate of two Pounds for each Drummer, and at the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings for each Sergeant.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such County, Riding or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, for which his Majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Absence, any three Deputy Lieutenants, shall have certified to the Purpolb aforesaid, and received the Clothing for

A.D.

called out, which shall "be disembodied and returned Home.

es, according to the Establishment of Pay here set down.

Battalion Clerks, and the Allowances to

and also Pay for Clothing.

Where Certificates, as aforesaid, have been received,

the militia thereof, which hall not have every County, Riding and Place, within after having been embodied and called Home by Order of their commanding

been embodied and called out into actual Service; and in the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, where the Militia hall, out into actual Service, be disembodied, and be returned Officers, and thereby be no longer entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, and such Return shall have been certified as aforesaid; Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for every such respective County, Riding or Place, shall make the I flues or Payments aforesaid without any new or other Certificate made for that Purpose.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid (except such as shall be due to the to the clerk of the Re several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid) shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of gimentor Battalion; the lan(j Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiment or Regiments, or of the Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding or Place; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independent Company or Independent Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be

paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax into the Hands of the respective

Captain of each Independent Company of Militia, or to such Person as such respective Captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independent Company or Indepcn a second Payment to be dent Companies, shall have been appointed to consist: such Receiver or Receivers General of nifo made within 3 the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month Months after the first; from the Time of the said first Payment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Ad

and a third within three vance; and shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month

Months after the second, from the Time of the said second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent Expenses of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned: And the Receipts of the Persons Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Captain of an Independent Company, or Captains of 1 ('dependent Companies, or of such Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land 'Fax for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid.

3

the Receivers General .»rc to make the ufal if sues, without any new

Certificate for thit purpose.

The Money to be paid

and for Independent Companies, to the respective Captains, or to their Order.

br paid, discharge the Receivers General.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Gbohgi

O. 24.

467

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, The Clerks are to pay

after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid, one Calendar e Month in Advance t month's Pay in Advance to the Adjutant, and fourteen Days Pay in Advance to the sergeant major ^ae tqut he Sergeant and drum major of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Commanding major and drum m jor; Officer of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months Pay in Advance and two Months Pay in for his respective Company, and for the contingent Expenses thereof; and so from time to time so Advance to the Captamt, long as any Money on that Account shall remain in his Hands: Which Pay every such Captain f°/nthse.'r^vehoe^evet^|n" or Commanding Officer is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company j^b^the rameas0it be by this Act entitled to receive the same as it shall become due; and shall once in every Year give in comes due; and account to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, an Account of ior the same yearly to the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this at, and shall pay back to the said Clerk Clerk, and payback the the Surplus, if any, of the Money by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his Moneys; and ali Hands, except the Money by this Act allowed for contingent Expenses, for the Disposition where ny for co ntin

of Provision is herein after made: And the said Money allowed for the contingent Expenses of gent Expenses; which is each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall once in every Year be accounted for by the Captain to be applied to the gene of each Company respectively in Manner aforesaid, and the Balance thereof shall be by him paid rai u^of the Regiment, into the Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, to

be applied to the general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the greater Part of them, shall at a General Meeting direct: And the Captain of each Captains of Independent Independent Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company in Companies to distribute titled thereto, such Money as he shall receive by virtue of this at; and the said Money allowed and aav°the monal- -- the contingent Expenses of each Independent Company of Militia, shall be respectively ap ]0wt/f0r contingent plied to the particular Use of such Independent Company by the Captain thereof. Expenses.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his Clerk to retain in his own Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance Hands Money for his herein before made for his Salary; and such Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall pay to such Person own Salary

or Persons as shall produce an Order from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, and such Captain of an Independent Company, or such and discharge the clca.h

Personas shall be by him appointed for that Purpose, shall pay and discharge such Sums of Money ing Bills.

as shall be due and owing for or on Account of the Clothing of the said Militia, not exceeding

the Rates herein before mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion or Independent During the Time the

Company of Militia, is or shall be imbodied and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Tr, oof|.a'.e lmb.odlt'd>

Officers and Private Militia Men are or shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private tal Service ^vpa* fwt* Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers Ge the Receivers General«neral of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or to cease. Independent Company of Militia shall belong, whether to the Adjutant, Sergeants, Private Militia

Men, or others j and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment, or Battalion, shall during such Time of actual Service cease, and not be paid.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax shall pay The Clerk of the General to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for Meetings is to be paid his each Meeting, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieute Allowance, upon pro nant, or from three Deputy lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall lteu"enant, Vc. nd the also pay to each and every the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the clerks of the Subdivision Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders Meetings, upon predu from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision cin£alijceorder from Meetings, which said Order or Orders shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the ^, Depaty, ^1luena"ts* Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in his or Receivers General C their Account.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Regimental and Batta militia shall give Security to his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place to which h0" Clerks w give secu such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty of one Half of the nty f Pay, ns and ac Sum required for the whole year's Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such jec^ved^/them; n Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall from time to time have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed

; which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the the Bonds to be lodged Land Tax for the respective County, Riding or Place, who in case the said Regimental or Batta with the Receivers ge lion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprised in the said Bond, shall and is hereby re shem'&c00 nmper quired forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef formance of the con fors; the full Costs and Charges of which Suit shall be paid by the said Regimental or Battalion ditions; and theyarein clerk, to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be entitled titled thereupon to full to and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum out of all such Mo c°fts earncentarffsthen<1 nies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon, and shall account for the Residue thereof with Money recovered; the the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue, the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Residue to be accounted Tax charging himself or themselves therewith upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by for to the Auditor, him or them passed.

O 0 0 2

468

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

A.D.

*759-

Default.

Recovery of Penal ties, c.

25.

The Regimental and

IX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Battalion Clerks, and captain of every Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding and Place, within the Companies, a"e to deliver art f Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fifth in account's of their Re Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, deliver to the Receiver or Receipts and disbursements, ceivers General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall belong, a fair Account in Writing of all Moneys by him received and disbursed for the Service of the preceding Year in pursuance of this Act, with proper and pay over the Balance Vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the Laid Receiver or Receivers General of the Land neral who«e*totranf"pax any Surplus of such Moneys that shall be then in his Hands; which said Accounts, signed by mit the Accounts into such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independent Company respectively, the auditor's Office. shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax into the Office of the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue.

Lieutenants neglecting to X And be it enacted, That in case his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place,

the cierktor tcjde ofit wkhin the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall neglect to take such Security as aforesaid, from the the bond's*with the Re Clerk or Clerks of his or their respective Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions of Minivers General, are an litia, or to deposit the same in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, fwerable for any Loss of for the same County, Riding or Place, such his Majesty's Lieutenant shall be answerable to such Moneys sustained by their ^ecejver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for any Loss of public Moneys sustained by the Default of such Clerk or Clerics.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, nor more than, one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And to obviate and prevent all Doubts that have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Claim of Militia Men in actual Service, to the Guinea allowed, by the said Act passed in the thirty first Year of his Majesty's Reign, to every Private Militia Man ordered out into actual Service, and by the said Act directed to be paid to every such Private Militia Man, by their respective Captains, on

Every Militia Man called or before the Day appointed for their marching; Be it enacted and declared, That every Private out into actual Semce, is Mijjtja Man, who has, or shall have been ordered out into actual Service, whether at the Time to receive t e uinea a - wen the Regimentj Battalion, or Independent Company to which such Private Militia Man belongs, has belonged, or shall belong, was or shall be first imbodied and ordered out into actual Service, or afterwards, and who shall not have received Guinea so allowed as aforesaid, shall in consideration of his having been so called out into actual Service, be, and be deemed to be, entitled to, and shall receive one Guinea from the Captain of the Company to which such Private Militia Man and the Receivers gene respectively doth, did, or shall belong, or have belonged; which Captain shall receive from the r iiaie to pay to the Cap receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, to the Militia It i11^j "*I*vs whereof such Company doth, did, or shall respectively belong, so many Guineas as now are, or shall be so due, and the Amount thereof shall be allowed to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, in his or their Accounts.

No See to be paid for if

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given suing Warrants for Moor paid, for or upon Account of any Warrant or Sum of Money, which shall be irtued in relation De> to, or in pursuance of this Act.

No Militia Man untrain

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Private Militia Man who shall not have been ed before passing this Act, trajne(j and exercised before the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to his Clothes for his own Use,*'JV k/tthtel until he shall have served for the Space of three Years, if unimbodied; or for the Space of one Years, if unimbodied; Year, if imbodied and in actual Service, after Delivery of the said Clothes.

or one Year if in actual

Service.' '

XV. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon an Act made in the thirtieth Year of his present Act 30 Geo. 2. c. 25. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ordering the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, with regard to the Time when the Pay of the Officers of the Militia and Private Militia Men which have been, or shall be ordered out into actual Service, Officers and Men arein: i ' ought to commence;It is hereby further declared and enacted, That the Officers of the Militia tied to Say, from the Date and private Militia Men are and shall be entitled to Pay, from the Day of the Date of his Majesty's being drawn out uj im Warrant for drawing out and imbodying the said Militia j anything herein, or in any other Act b0dild. '*contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

See farther 2 Geo. 3. C zo,

CAP. XXV.

An Act for continuing certain Laws relating to the additional Number of one hundred

lowed by Act 31 Geo

C 26.

or shall be due on that Account.

Hackney Chairs, Chairs.

and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and

Preamble, reciringclaufcs ffi Act 12 Geo

Majesty,

mentioned, Commissio

1 ners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Justices of the Peace, and 1 ' the

jciaufcs ' THEREAS so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late. r. 12. 33 relates to the additiorfapnumber of one hundred Hackney Chairs therein me and also several Clauses relating to the Jurisdiction, Powers and Authorities, of the Co

469

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 25.

the Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, Orders and Directions, in the Acts herein after mentioned,

are near expiring: And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his said late and 3 Geo. r, C 7.

Majesty, the Rates, Duties, Rents or Payments, granted by or mentioned in former Acts for licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, were made perpetual, subject to Redemption by Parliament and it is therefore proper that so much of the said Act made in the twelfth Year of, his

majesty's Reign, as relates to the said additional Number of Hackney Chairs, and the said several Clauses, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Orders and Directions, should be in Force, during the

Continuance of such Rates, Duties, Rents or Payments aforesaid; 'it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King So much of the recited George the First, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying a Duty upon all Vic Act of n Geo. i a re tuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly jj^be/cf Hackney Bills of Mortality; and for prohibiting their sending Beer or Ale out of their Hoiffes to distant Places in chairs, which was conti any Pots or Vessels less than a Gallon; and also for adding one hundred additional Hackney Chairs to those nued by several subse already licensea; and for applying certain Arrears of former Land Taxes towards the Supply granted to his quest Acts, is to be in Majesty, for the Service of the tear one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and for appropriating the an^former act

Supplies granted in this session of Parliament; as relates to the additional Number of one hundred rc!fng to " he^cenfing Hackney Chairs therein mentioned, which was to continue in Force for eighteen Years, from the Hackney Coaches or twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and which by another Chairs, shall havecon act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the tinuance twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of16 Geo. e' the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued in full Force and Effect, for and during such further Time as any former Act relating to the licensing of Hackney Coaches or Chairs, or any Part of such former Act, shall be in Force and have Continuance.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act made The Clauses in the Act in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, An Act for licensng9C zi. and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, and by a Weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two Tears, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding two millions, to be ra ffed for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions) and in an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty (intituled, An Act for laying several 10 Ann. C 19;

Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and ffriped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, \ and Advertisements, for raffing the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty's Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lof Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Public) and in one other Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty (intituled An ai tz Ann. Jl. 2. C 14. for explaining the a5fs for licensing Hackney Chairs) and also in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for better regulating Hackney and 1 Geo. c 57* Coaches, Carts, Drays, Carrs, and Wagons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality', and for preventing Mischiefsoccafoned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, relating to the jurisdic jdrays, Carrs, and Wagons) relating to the Jurisdiction, Powers and Authorities of the Comm ifi°n and Powers of the sioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Justices of the Peace, Commissioners for licen and the Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, Orders and Directions therein mentioned; which said cofch«cand chains are several Clauses were to have Continuance from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, to be in Force during for the respective Terms therein mentioned; and which by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of his such Time as any other present Majesty's Reign, were further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand Part of the fa, d Acts re seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shalltinfjtokthe coachetor be and are hereby continued in full Force and Effect, for and during such further Time as any other chjirs^au^haveconti part of the said Acts relating to the licensing of Hackney Coaches or Chairs shall be in Force and nuance, have Continuance, 16 c. 2. C 16.

C 26.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

p/eamble, reciting Clauses in Acts zi Geo. 2. c. 19.

29 Gca. 2. C 39.

and 2i Geo. 2. c. 34.

So much of the first recited Act of 21 Geo. 2. as relates to the Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, further continued for 7 Years.

So much of the other two Acts of 19 & 21 Geo. 2. as relate to the more effectually disarming the highlands, further continued for 7 Years.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for reviving and continuing so much of an Act made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effectual Trial and punishment of High Treason, and Misprison of High Treason, in the Highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing two other Acts, one made in the nineteenth Year and the other made in the twenty first Year, of his present Majesty's Reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and for securing the Peace thereof.

WHEREAS so much of an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason in the Highlands s/*Scotland; and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing in certain Criminal Projections; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriff's Deputes and Stewarts Depute, and their sub/iitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, committed in the Highlands of Scotland, is now expired; and also so much of another Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for the more efritually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; further indemnifying such Persons as have ailed in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of justiciary in Scotland for not performing the Northern Circuit in may one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the Majters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children and Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the same; as relates to the more effectually disarming and securing the Peace of the Highlands of Scotland; and also so much of another Act made in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Ail made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesjs Reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and retraining the Use of the Highland Dress; to Masters and Teachers of Private Schools, and Chaplains; and to explain a Clause in another Ail made in the same Year, relating to Letters or Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Banks there, and certain Persons belonging to, and prailifing in, the Courts of Session and justiciary, to take the Oaths; and to repeal some Clauses in an Ail made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby certain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who shall continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his said late Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the disarming of the Highlands, are near expiring: And whereas all these Acts have been found useful and beneficial to the publick Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said first mentioned Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprison of High Treason, committed in the Highlands of Scotland, shall from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty be revived and shall continue and be in Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the two other Acts made in the nineteenth and twenty first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the more effectually disarming the Highlands of Scotland, and securing the Peace thereof, shall be, and are hereby continued, and shall in Force from the Time limited for the Expiration thereof, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. 471

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, concerning a free Market for Fish at Westminster, as requires Fishermen to enter their Filling Vessels at the Office of the Searcher of the cti stoms at Gravesend; and to regulate the Sale of Fish at the first Hand in the Fish Markets in London and Westminster \ and to prevent Salesmen of Fish buying Fish to Sell again on their own Account, and to allow Bret and Turbot, Brill and Pearl, although under the respective Dimensions mentioned in a former Act to be imported and sold; and to punish Persons who shall take or sell any Spawn, Brood, or Fry of Fish, unfizeable Fish, or Fish out of Season, or Smelts under the Size of five Inches; and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS by An Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Preamble reciting Act intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act t made in the 29 Geo. 2 c 39twenty fecor.d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the 22 Geo. 2. c. 49.

Sale of Fif) in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forefalling and Monopolising of Fish;

and for allowing the Sale of Fifn, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; it was (amonft other Things) enacted, That if any Filnerman, or other Person or Persons whatsoever. Mailer or Owner of any Filling Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Fishing vessel, coming from Sea, or other Person having the Conduit of such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Fishing vessel, Natives or Foreigners, employed either in catching, bringing, or vending of Fish, for the Supply of the Cities of London and Westminster, should break Bulk or make Sale of their Fish, or any Part thereof, between Harwich and the Nore, ox Margate and the Nore, to any Person or Persons to sell again, or should not enter their Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Fishing vessel, at such Place or Places, and within,

such Time as therein was, and herein after is, mentioned, or should keep any Shell, Fish, or other Fifn whatsoever, in such their Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other their Fishing Vessel or vessels,

or in any well boat or store boat, after such their Arrival, so as not to sell off their whole Cargo of Fish within the Space of eight Days, to be reckoned from the Day of such their Arrival at the Nore as aforesaid, and thereof should be convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or essex, or before the Mayor, Recorder, or such Aldermen for the Time being, who had Power to act as Justices of the Peace within the Corporations of Fhieenborough or Gravesend, on his, her or their own Confession or Confessions, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; 4 Conviction should be final, and without any Appeal whatsoever; Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Fishing vessel, Boat, store boat, or other Boat, into which the said Fish, or any Part thereof,

should be unloaded or delivered, with all Tackle, Apparel and Furniture to the same belonging,

together with the whole Cargo of such Fish, should be forfeited by the Owners thereof, and dif posed of as therein after mentioned; such Forfeitures to be levied by Distress and Sale, by War rant under the Hand and Seal of any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace within,

the said Counties of Kent or essex, or of the said Mayor, Recorder, or Aldermen, acting for the Time being as Magistrates, within the Towns of fjhiccnborough and Gravesend, or such Mayor,

Recorder, or Aldermen of any other Corporate Town, between the said Towns of ffhieenborov.gh 4 and Gravesend and the City of Westminster as aforesaid; Warrant or Warrants the said Ju ' liceor Justices, Mayors, Recorders, or Aldermen, was and were thereby empowered and re quired to make and issue accordingly, and to be directed to the High Constable, Petty Constable,

Headborough, or Tythingman, of either of the said Towns of pjfueenborough or Gravesend or any other Towns as aforesaid, near unto where any such Offences should be committed, or where such Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Fishing vessel, Boat, store boat, or other Boa, t should then be, to take and seize the same, and sell and dispose thereof within fourteen Days accordingly; and one Moiety or half part of the Produce of such Sale, after reasonable Charges deducted, should go and he paid to the Informer or Informers, as the said Justices should appoint, and the other Moiety to the Trustees appointed to put the said recited Act in Execution, and for the Purposes therein mentioned: nevertheless, That in case any such Fishing vessel was freighted or loaded with Lobflers, or whose Part Loading might be made up with Lobsters, and the Fishermen or other Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, who should be Owners of such Lobflers, or have the Power to sell and dispose of the same, should sell of her whole Cargo of such Lobflers, within twelve Days after the Arrival of such vessel, at the Place or Places therein before appointed for that Purpose, and in all other Respects conform to the Directions of the said Acts; then and in such Case, the Sale of the whole Cargo of such Lobsters should be, and was thereby declared to be, as good a Sale thereof as if such Sale had been completed and and made within the said limited Time of eight Days before mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, there should

472 C 2j. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

be paid to his Majesty's Searcher or Searchers at Gravesend, for the Certificate of the Entry of the Arrival of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings, which was to be applied in Manner following, that is to say, There should be kept and retained by and to the Use of the said Searcher or Searchers, for making out such Certificate, six Pence; and the remaining one Shilling and six Pence was thereby vested in the said Trustees, and was to be paid by such Searcher or Searchers, from time to time to the said True lfees, or such other Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them should, by any Writing for that Purpose under their Hands and Seals, direct and appoint; and which said Payment of one Shilling and six Pence, on each Filling Vessel as aforesaid, was to be applied

by the said Trustees, or any five of them, in the first Place to pay such Inspector, or ln spectors of the Fishing Vessels, for his or their said Service, and for thecharges of a Boat, such yearly Sum as the said Trustees, or any nine of them, should think was fit and reasonable for such Service; and if any Surplus arose over and above, then to apply such Surplus in the same Manner as the Surplus arising from the Tolls and Duties of the said recited Act were directed to be applied: And it was thereby also further enacted, That the Master, Owner, Chief Officer, or Ma 4 riner, who should have the Care or Conduct of any such Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Veiled or Vessels made use of for the catching or importing of Fish as aforesaid, should within three Days after the Arrival of such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Vessel or Vessels at the Nore as aforesaid, truly report the Time of such Arrival to his Majesty's said Searcher or Searchers at their Office at Gravesend, or to the Chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs there, who was thereby directed and required to take Notice of and enter the same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and to give a Certificate thereof to such Master, Owner, Chief Officer, or Mariner belonging to the said Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Vessel: And whereas the going to Gravesend, and the slopping the re to report to his Majesty's Searcher or Searchers at their Office at Gravesend, or to the Chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs there, the Time of the Arrival of every Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Vessel or Vessels at the Nore, within the Space of three Days after such the Arrival thereof at the Nore, hath been found inconvenient, and sometimes prejudicial, to the Owners of such Fishing Ships, Sloops, Smacks, and Vessels, as by slopping to make such Report or Entry there, Fishing Ships, Sloops, Smacks, and Vessels, sometimes lose the Tide, and cannot get to Billingsgate Market to sell their Cargo of Fish there until the next day's Market; and the great Penalties the Owners of such Vessels arc, by the said herein before recited Act made in the said twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, liable to in case of the Neglect or Omission of the Master or other Person, who hath the Conduct of the Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Fishing Vessel (and in general is only Servant to the Owner or Owners thereof) to make such Report at Gravesend, as by the said herein before recited Act is directed; the not giving 4 a Power to appeal where the Parties informed against deem themselves aggrieved by the Conviction of a Justice of Peace, tend to the Discouragement of the Owners of such Fishing Vessels, who are at a considerable Expense to fit out such Vessels to catch Fish at Sea; For Remedy therefore in the Premises, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

So much of t'n? recited and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the akv!f^ge°:m same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day ofstine one thousand seven hundred and sixty, tcr and repormheir0 inuch of the said recited Act made in the said twenty-ninth Year of his said present Majesty's vessels with the Searcher Reign, as obliges the Fishermen and others, Masters or Owners, or having the Conduct of any at Gravesend, c. re Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Fishing Vessel, to enter their Ship, Smack, Sloop, or other fish pealtj ing Veiled, with his Majesty's Searcher or Searchers at Gravesend; and to the Payment to such

Searcher or Searchers thereof the Sum of two Shillings for the Certificate of such Entry; and also to report the Time of the Arrival of such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Filling Vessel or Vessels at the Nore as aforesaid, to his Majesty's said Searcher or Searchers at their Office at Gravesend, or to the Chief Officer of his Majesty's Customs there, shall! be and is hereby repealed.

And such Report, for the

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty future, to bemad* within fourth Day of June the Master, Owner, Chief Officer, or Mariner, who shall have the Care or c/eve s 3vette'/wish flth Conduct of any such Filling Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Vessel or Vessels made Use of for the at the Wore To the clerk catching or importing of Fish as aforesaid, shall within three Days after the Arrival of any such ttc Ccaft ojtkc, Filling, Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other Vessel or Vessels at the Nore as aforesaid, with any such London, Fish, truly report the Time of such Arrival of every such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or other

Vessel, to the Person who, for the time being, shall act as the deputed Clerk in the Coast Office, who is to make an Entry unc|er the Collector outward in the Port of Locdon, at the Custom house in London, who is hereby the cu 2 ccillftcilc directed and required to take Notice thereof, and to enter the same in a Book to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose; also to give a Certificate thereof, if required, to such Master, Chief Officer, or Mariner, who shall make any such Entry as aforesaid; that there shall be paid to such said Person, who for the Time being shall act as deputed Clerk at the said Coast Office under the Collector outward in the said Port of London, for receiving and entering every such Report, and for which: s. is to be giving a Certificate thereof, if required, the Sum of two Shillings, which shall be applied in Manner pd; iollov.'ing; that is to say; The Sum of Sixpence, Part thereof shall be kept and retained by and

6d. thereof to go to the for the U fe of such Person who for the Time being shall act as such deputed Clerk at the said Coast clerk; and Office, under the said Collector outward, for receiving and entering every such Report, and giving

a Cera.

D. 1759.' Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. 473

a Certificate thereof, if required; and the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, the Remainder thereof r s 6d. to the True shall from Time to Time be paid by such said deputed Clerk to the Trustees of the said Fish ftee* oath Mark' Market in Westminster for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any at C In, n tr five or more of them, shall by Writing for that Purpose under their Hands, direct or appoint; and the Receipt of such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five of them, shall from Time to Time, direct or appoint to receive the Remainder of every such two Shillings, shall b and is hereby declared to be, at all Times, a full Discharge to such said deputed Clerk at the said Coast Office, under the Collector outward for the same: And the Money which shall be received by any such Person or Persons shall, from Time to Time, be applied by the said Trustees, or any five of them, to to be applied as the reci the like Uses and Purposes, as the Money, by the said herein before recited alto be paid them by ted Aftdirefli. the said Searcher or Searchers at Gravesend, was thereby directed to be applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Master, Chief Officer, The Matter, c. neg' or Mariner, who shall have the Care or Condudf of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other lesting to make such En fishing Vessel or Vessels, shall not, within the Space of three Days next after the Arrival of such tly» forfeits, on Convtc fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel or Vessels, at the Nore as aforesaid, enter or cause to uon' 50 '

be entered, every such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels, with such said deputed Clerk as aforesaid at the said Coast Office, under the said Collector outward; then, in every such Case, on Information being given thereof on Oath before any Justice of the Counties of Kent, Surry, Essex or Middlesex. or of the Cities of London or Westminster, or before the Mayor, Recorder or Aldermen acting for the Time being, as Magistrates within the Towns of fhiecnborough and Gravesend, or before the Mayor, Recorder or Aldermen of any other Corporate Town between the said Towns of ^ueenborough and Gravesend, and the said City of Westminster, and on such Master or other Person as aforesaid, who shall have the Care or Conduct of any such Fishing Ship,

Sloop, Smack, or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, being convicted of having neglected or omitted to make such Entry as aforesaid, either on his own Confession, or by the Oatn of one or more credible Witness, before any such justice or Justices, the Owner or Owners of every such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master, Owner, Chief of and if he refuses or neg

ficer or Mariner, who shall have the Care or Conduct of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or lefts to give in at the Vessel as aforesaid, shall also, at the Time of his making, or causing to be made, at the said Coast same Time, a particular

Office, the Report hereby required to be made by him, give to and leave with the said Person who and truc a.cc°f the

for the Time being shall act as the deputed Clerk at the said Coast Office, under the said Collector brought ah veto the Nore outward, a true and particular Account, according to the best of the Judgement and Belief of every in his Vessel,

such Master, Owner, Chief Officer or Mariner as aforesaid, and either in Writing or printed, of all fresh Salmon, Salmon Trouts, Turbots and large fresh Cod, and half fresh Cod Fish, Haddock,

Scate Fish, fresh Ling, Lobsters, Soles and Whitings, which shall be brought alive to the Nore in every such fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel as aforesaid; Pain that the Ow he forfeits 201, ner or Owners of every such Fishing Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels, whose Mailer, Owner, Chief Officer or Mariner as aforesaid, shall refuse, neglect or omit, to give or leave such Account, or who shall give or leave any false or untrue Account thereof, shall, on any such Matter, Owner, Chief Officer or Mariner as aforesaid, being convicfted of any such Offence, either on his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; or if any such Master, Owner, Chief Officer or Mariner, who shall have the Care or Con and if after such Arrival, du6l of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel, or any other Person on board such he wilfully destroy

Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel, after her Arrival at the Nore, shall wilfully destroy, or away, an' of the

throw or cast away, or cause to be wilfully destroyed, or thrown or cast away, any Fish which the wlieffiment said Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or Fishing Vessel, shall have brought from the Sea that is not unable, c. wholesome, perished or unmarketable, such Master, Chief Owner, Officer or Mariner shall be he is liable to be corn committed to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept miaed to the House of to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor less than one Month. f°tw?n' ad keptto

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the abovementioned Forfei Ta; rme not^ceeding^ tures shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Months nor less than one. Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Method of Recovery of Owners of the Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel, whose Master, Chief Officer or Mari the Forfeitures aforesaid. ner as aforesaid, shall be convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, by any such Justice or Justices

as aforesaid, or by Distress and Sale of the Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels, whose Master, Chief Officer or Mariner as aforesaid, shall have been convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, or of any Nets, Tackle or Furniture, as shall belong to any such Fishing Ship,

Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels, together with the Costs of every such Distress and Sale; rendering the Overplus, if any, after the Money forfeited, and the Costs of every such Distress and Sale, shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

VI. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person for the Time being The Clerk of the Coast who shall alas deputed Clerk at the said Coast Office, under the said Collector outward, shall from Office is toreceiveand Time to Time receive at the said Coast Office every Report which shall be there made, or offered make Entry of all such to be made, of the Time of the Arrival of every such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Vessel or Reports 0 rma Vessels as aforesaid at the Nore, and enter the same in a Book to be by him provided and kept for

474

and Accounts given in of Fish on board such vessels;

C 27. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A. 0.1759,

that Purpose; and hall also, from Time to Time, receive at the aid Coast Office every Account which shall from Time to Time be brought, or offered to be made there, of the fresh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbot, and Large Fresh Cod, and Half Fresh Cod Fish, Haddock, scatefish, Fresh Ling, Lobsters, Soles and Whitings as aforesaid, which shall be brought in any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel as aforesaid to the Nore, and shall, from Time to Time, withal convenient Speed after any such Account of Fish as aforesaid shall be brought to the aid Coast Office, cause the same or the Purport thereof to be entered in some Book to be provided by the Laid Person, who for the Time being shall so at as deputed Clerk at the said Coast Office, un and the Books in which der the said Colleger outward, for that Purpose; and which Book and Books shall, from Time to such Erums are to oe Time, be kept at the said Coast Office, and may be, at all Times in Office Hours there, examined massfr* "<i*acd by any Person or Person.

may be examined by any Person;

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty

?.nd is to make Returns fourth Day of June, the Person who for the Time being shall act as such deputed Clerk at the weekly on Mondays, said Coast Office as aforesaid, under the said colle<stor outward, shall on Monday, jnednesday and Wednesdays and Fridays, pray in every Week, return or cause to be returned unto the Mayor of the City of London for the 0 t ayor o c. mon, Time being in London; and to such Personas the said Trustees of the said Fish Market at westtnin

fnaiueapeointed by'°hear', any fje of'}iem> shall rtclntnin the City of Westminster; and likewise to thetnfpe&or as Trustees for the Fish aforesaid, at such Place as the said rultees, or any five of them, shall by any Writing ligned by Market at Westminster, them, appoint the same to be sent to such Inspecftor, and give Notice thereof to the Persons who and also to the Inspector, for the Time being shall at as deputed Clerk at the said Coast Office as aforesaid; true Account in Writing or printed, and in a fair and legible Character, of the Time when every respective fish ing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Filling Vessel as aforesaid, shall have been entered at the said Coast Office as having arrived at the Nore; and also of the Fresh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbot, Large Fresh Cod, and Half Frefti Cod Fish, Haddock, Scate Fish, Fresh Ling, Lobsters, Soles and Whitings as aforesaid, which hall have been entered at the said Coast Office as brought to the Nore in such respective Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel as aforesaid; Pain that the Person, who for the Time being shall act as such deputed Clerk at the said Coast Office as aforesaid, under the said Collector outward, shall in any wise offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted, either on his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more Witness or witnesses, before any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, Neglect or Omission, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

of all such Entries and Reports as aforesaid.

on Forfeiture of 51. for every such Omtfiion or Negledh

No Fish, after its Arrival at the Nore, is to be removed out of the Vessel

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Live Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbot, Large Fresh Cod, Half Fresh Cod, Haddock, Scate, Fresh Ling, Soles or whi itwhk'h'it was brought t*nss» shah at any Time after the Arrival thereof at the Nore as aforesaid be put into any Well into the Store or Well Boat or Store Boat from or out of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Filling Vessel or Boat of any other vessel, Vessels as aforesaid, in which the same shall have been brought to the Nore; upon Pain that every on Penalty of 201. Person who shall offend in the Premises shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of nor may any Fish bedeli twenty Pounds; and that no such fish shall be unloaded or delivered out of any Filling Ship, Sloop, Jrrr i°u such Smack or other Fishing Vessel or Vessels, unless by Retail, into any other Vessel or Boat after such into other, Vessels, out her Arrival at the Nore, but into such Vessel or Vessels, Boat or Boats, as shall be employed to carry such as shall be employed the Fish directly to the Market of Billingsgate or ivefhmnjler; and that no such Vessel or Boat, after to carry the Fish diieftiy such Fish put therein, shall afterwards loiter or keep from going on directly, and soon as may be, to to Market; and for the jviarkct to which such Vessel or Boat is appointed or bound; and in case such Vessel or

and if such Market Vef Boat, into which such Fish shall be unloaded and delivered out for the Market, shall remain above fsls shall lo, tef n th one Tide with her Fish, after taking in the same, in her Way between the Place of such Taking in af'er^aking in<their e and the Market at Billingsgate or Westminster as aforesaid; shall remain without delivering her Fish there at or before the next Market, Accidents of Winds and Weather excepted, every such Person acting contrary to the said Prohibitions, shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor less than one Month.

bour for any Time not exceeding two Months nor less than one.

Loading, in atriving at the Market, and delivering her F: fh there, c, the offender is to be committed to hard La

Thc inspector is to exa

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inspector already appointed, mine whether the Er> ant] vvj10 ^a]j hereafter be appointed under the said recited act, shall from Time to Time employ tries are u y made, himself as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, in inspectting and examining whether the Entries made at the said Coast Office as hereby directed (and whereof Copies as atoiesaid shall be transmitted to him) were made from Time to Time, within the Time the same ought to have been, and according to the Account which hall from Time to Time be transmitted from the said Coast Office to such Inspeiftor, so as that such Inspector for the Time being may the better discover and prevent the Frauds designed to be remedied by the said recited at, and this pre and see that no Fish be sent at; and see that no Fish shall be put in any Store or Well Boats contrary to the Intent of this put in ary Store or Well ft if any such Inspector shall be negligent in the Performance of his Duty, or shall wilfully Boats contr^y to the in mj^ejiavc himfc]f; n the Execution of his Duty in the Premises, he shall, on being convitfted of Forfeiture for any any kch neglect or wilful Misbehaviour, either on his own Confession, or the Oath of one or more Negleaor wilful Mifbe credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, he shall for haviour of 201, feit and pay for every such Negkdt or wilful Misbehaviour the Sum of twenty Pounds.

3

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. 475

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty No saiefman may buy fourth Day of June, no Person who hall fell, or be concerned in the Sale of any Fresh Fish by any fre/h be. 0 d Commission, hall directly or indirectly buy or be concerned in the buying of any Fresh Fish to anyways imerefled, 0 fell again for his or her own separate Account, or for the joint Account of him or herself and any other Yrfon or Persons whatsoever: And if any Person hall offend in the premisses, and be thereof convicted either on his or her own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, by any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, every such Offender hall forfeit and pay for on Forfeiture of 50 r. every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XI. And whereas by an a«fl of Parliament passed in the first: Year of the Reign of his late Ma clause in Act 1 Geo. X

jetty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Fresh Fish taken by Foc'

reigners imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobjlers and Turbots in Foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within the several Rivers of that Part of this Kingdom called England; it is amongst other Things enacted, That after the Time in the said at mentioned, no Person should bring to Shore in that Part of Great Britain called England, or sell, offer or expose to Sale, or exchange for any Goods,

Matter or Thing, any Bret or Turbot which should not be of the Length or Size of Sixteen Inches from the Eyes to the utmost Extent of the Tail; or any Brill or Pearl, which hold not be four:

teen Inches from the Eyes to the utmost Extent of the Tail, under the Penalties therein mentioned

And whereas Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl, are often taken in the Sea with an Hook, under the Several Dimensions in the said last in Part recited at mentioned, and if thrown again into the Sea,

it is uncertain whether such thereof as have wallowed the Hook, will afterwards live or notf Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Bret, Turbot, Brill or Day of June, Bret or Turbot, Bril) or Pearl, although under the respective Dimensions mentioned Bear], may be brought to in the said Clause of the said last recited at, may be exposed to Sale in England, anything con ^arket, though under tained in the said last recited atto the contrary notwithstanding, so as the lame be not by any Per incheequired by the son or Persons, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, sold by Retail, at a Price recited Clause, so as the or Rate exceeding six Pence a Pound for every Pound any such Bret or Turbot under the said Di tame be not sold by re mension of Sixteen Inches from the Eyes thereof to the utmost Extent of the Tail thereof, or any tail above 6d. per lb. such Bill or Pearl under the Dimension of fourteen Inches from the Eyes thereof to the utmost Extent of the Tail thereof, shall weigh, and after that Proportion for any letter Weight than a Pound

And if any Person hall ask, demand, or take, for any such Bret, Turbot, Brill or Pearl, under any greater Price shall the respective Dimensions as aforesaid, any higher or greater Price than at and after the Rate of fce dedaanded r taken,

six Pence the Pound, and foin Proportion for any letter Weight thereof than a Pound, which any such Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl, shall weigh; or shall refuse or neglect to weigh and measure or such fish hall not be any such Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pear), which shall be exposed to or for Sale when required; every weighed or measured, if such Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl, hall be forfeited: And it shall be lawful for any Person to r^"ired> theme maj, Seize any such Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl, and deliver the same into the Hands of a Constable, together with thep^ny', and to charge such Constable with the Party who asked, demanded, or took any greater or higher before a justice.

Price than as aforesaid for the same; and every such Constable is hereby required to carry the Party so charged, and also the Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl which shall be so Seized and delivered to him, with all convenient Speed before Some Justice or Justices of the Peace, within whose jurisdiction any higher Price than as aforesaid was asked, demanded or taken, for any such Bret or Turbot, Bril] or Pearl which shall have been so Seized: And if the Person who shall be charged with and the Offender, upon any such Offence shall be convicted thereof, either on his or her Confession, or by the Oath of Conviction, is to for onc or more credible Witness or witnesses, by any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, every such feit zos'

Offender shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Offence, and the Bret or

'i'urbot, Brill or Pearl which shall have been so seized as aforesaid, shall by Order of such Justice or Justices he given to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender

or 'Offenders; and the Money paid for any such Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl, hall be returned to and the Money paid for the Party or Parties who paid the same the same to be returned.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty No Frefti Fish may be fourth Day of June no Person shall sell, or expose to or for Sale, at the First Hand, at any Fish sold at the First Hand, Market within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within one hundred and fifty Yards the Market, or withm

of any such Fish Market, and during the Market Hours' of any such Fish Market, any Fresh Sal rale o'

mon, Salmon Trout, Turbot, Large Fresh Cod Fish, or Half Fresh Cod Fish, Haddock, Scate before a particular Ac*fish, Fresh Ling, Lobsters, Soles, or Whitings, before he or she shall have first placed up, or count of the Quantity of caused to be placed up, in some conspicuous Manner, on or over the Form, Bench, Stall or Place the several Sorts of Fish at which he or he hall offer or expose to or for Sale, any such Frefti Salmon, Salmon Trout, Tur be Placed ver the Stall bot, Large f rcfli Cod, or Half Frefti Cod, Haddock, Scate Fish, Frdh Ling, Lobsters, Soles or Jtc t03^f0!" e tle Whitings, a true Account, and in a large, fair, and legible Character, and either wrote or printed,

of all Frefti Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbot, and Large Fresh Cod, and Half Fresh Cod Fish,

Haddock, Scate Fish, Fresh Ling, Lobsters, Soles, or Whitings', which any such Person shall then have, or have been entrusted with to sell; distinguishing in every such Account, the several Sorts of all such Fresh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Large Frefti Cod, and Half Fresh Cod Fish, Haddock,

Scate Fish, Fresh Ling, Lobsters, Soles, or Whitings as aforesaid, and the Quantity of every Sort thereof respectively, which any such Person shall then have, or is then entrusted with to fell: And if nd ass other Fist at any Time of the Morning or Day, in which any such Account shall have been so placed up, sale/before Market 3hd before the Fish^market of that Day shall be ended or over, any other Frefti Salmon, or Sal; over are to be added mon Trout, Large Frefti Cod Fish, or Half Fresh Cod Fish, Haddock, Scate Fish, Frefti Ling, to the Account,

P p p 2 Lobsters,

47

i6

C

O

z /.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

and the Account kept up undefaced till the Sale or Market is over,

on Forfeiture of iol.

for offending in any of the Premises, except for pulling down, or de lacing, any such Account for which the Forfeiture is 40s.

All Spawn, Fry, or brood of Fish, unfizeable Fish, Fish out of Season, cr Smelts under 5 Inches long, which shall be found in any persons possession, may be seized, together with the Offender,

Lobsters, Soles or Whitings, hall be brought to or be intruded with, any such Salesman or Factor as aforesaid, to sell, every such Salesman or Fatftor, before he or (lie shall sell, or offer or expose to or for Sale, any of such other Fresh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbot, Large Fresh Cod, or Half Fresh Cod Fish, Haddock, Scate Fish, Frefti Ling, Lobsters, Soles or Whitings as aforesaid, shall add a true Account or Particular thereof to the Account so before put up: And shall take Care that every such Account and Accounts which shall be so put up, shall continue up where the same shall have been first placed, until all the Fish specined therein shall be sold, or the Fish Market of the Day on which the same shall be so placed up shall be over or ended, without being defaced or obliterated; upon Pain that every one one who shall in any wise offend in the Premises, or who shall wilfully take down, deface or obliterate any Account which shall be placed up as aforesaid, during the Time the same ought to continue up, and shall be convicted of any such Offence (other than and except the taking down, defacing or obliterating such Account, which shall be placed up as aforesaid) on his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more Witness or witnesses, before any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and that every Person who shall be convicted in Manner as aforesaid, of taking down, wilfully defacing, or obliterating, or causing to be taken down, defaced, or obliterated, any such Account placed up as aforesaid, at any Time whilst the same ought to have continued up, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XIII. And for the better Preservation of the Spawn, Brood, and Fry of Fish, and for preventing

the Sale of fniall and unfizeable Fish, and Fish out of Season, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June take, kill or destroy, or knowingly have in his or her Possession, either on the Water or on Shore, or shall bring to Shore, or cry, carry about, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, or shall exchange for any Goods, Matter or Thing, any Spawn, Fry, or Brood of Fish, or any unfizeable Fish, or any Fish out of Season, or any Smelled which shall not be full five Inches in Length, from the Nose to the utmost Extent of the Tail thereof; and if any one shall offend in the Premises, it shall be lawful for any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to take and seize all or any such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, or any unfizeable Fish, or any Fish out of Season, or any Smelled of less Size than five Inches from the Nose to the utmost Extent of the Tail thereof, whenever the same shall be found, together with all Baskets and Package in which the same shall be so found or taken, and also to charge a Constable, or other Peace Officer, with every such Offender and Offenders in the Premises; and after every such Seizure shall be made, the Spawn, Fry or Brood, or other Fish, as aforesaid, together with the Baskets and Package in which the same shall be so seized, shall be delivered into the Hands of some Constable, or other Peace Officer; and every such Constable, or other Peace Officer, is hereby authorised and required to take every such Offender and Offenders, with whom he shall be so charged for any such said Offence, into his cu stody, and also the Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, and all unfizeable Fish, and Fish out of Season, and all unfizeable Smelts, and all Baskets and Package in which the same shall be so seized, and which shall he delivered to such Constable, or other Peace Officer, as aforesaid, and to carry every such Offender and Offenders, and all such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, and all unfizeable Fish, and Fish out of Season, and all unfizeable Smelts, together with the Baskets and Package, as aforesaid, which shall have been delivered to any such Constable, or other Peace Officer, with all convenient Speed, before some Justice or Justices as aforesaid, for such Offender and Offenders, to be dealt with according to Law; and on the Conviction of any such Offender or Offenders, for any

all such such said Offence, before any such Justice or Justices, as aforesaid, every such Offender and Of

c. 10 fenders shall forfeit all and every such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, unfizeable Fish, and Fish out

of Season, and every Smelled and Smelts of less Size than five Inches from the Nose to the utmost Extent of the Tail thereof, which shall be so seized, together with all Baskets or Package in which the same shall be so seized, and all such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, unfizeable Fish, and Fish out of Season, and unfizeable Smelts, together with such Baskets and Package in which the same shall have been so seized as aforesaid, shall by Order of the Justice or Justices before whom the same shall be so brought, be delivered to the Person or Persons who shall have so seized the same, and shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and every Offender and Offenders in the Premises, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of any such Offence, shall besides forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Under Water Bailiff of the City of London for the Time being, and also the Officers of the City of London for the Time being, commonly called The Yeomen of the Waterside, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June,

rn - r - - <- - C of frefti Fish

or their Pof

__________, j. out of Sea

blctish rn ^on' r any melt Seize than five Inches from the Nose to the utmost Extent of the 'Fail there

c' of, shall be enforced and carried into Execution; and shall also from time to time take Care that the Provisions made by a Statute pnfied in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, In at for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of 1 hames; and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River) against Rcgra

in the said Market, be observed;

and be delivered over to a Constable,

to be taken before Justice.

to be dealt with according to Law; and on Conviction, the Offender forfeits Spawn and Fish, the Prosecutor.

and is to pay moreover ao s.

The Under Water Bailiff, and Yeomen of the y/atcrfide, to see that the Provisions of thi*

of Person or unfizra in their Possession, fe carried into £xecu t on;

and iba? the Act9Am. t. it. against restating of Fish

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 27.

477

and lay Information before a proper Magistrate of all Offenders against

ting of Fish in and at the Market of biuingfgate, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of billingf gate Dock, be strictly observed; to lay Information from time to time before some Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City of London against every Person and Persons whom the said Under Bailiff, or any Yeoman of the Waterside for the Time being, shall at any Time find or discover to offend against the Statute, in order that every such Offender may be punished as by the said the Statute; raft mentioned Statute is directed: that from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June., the Frth Market "at wev 6 Person or Persons for the Time being, who is or shall be appointed by the Trustees aforesaid to fu minster is to take Care, pervife the Fish Market of the City of Westminster, shall take Care to see from time to time, that in like Manner, that the the Provisions hereby made concerning the Sale of fresh Fish in the Fish Market at Westminster, and aforesaid Provisions be for punishing Persons who shall have there in his, her or their Possession any Spawn, Brood or Fry and b"

of any Kind of Fish, or any unfizeable Fish, or any Fish out of Season, or any Smelts of less Size'5

than five Inches from the Nose to the utmost Extent of the Tail thereof, shall be enforced and carried into Execution: And if the underwater Bailiff, or any Yeoman of the Waterside of the said City of London, for the Time being, or the Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, to fu pervife the said Fish Market of the City of jvefimlvjier, or any of them, shall at any Time be negligent, or offend in the premisses, and shall be convicted of any such Neglect or Offence, either on his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be on Penalty of their rc fore any Justice or Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction any such Neglect or Offence spectively forfeiting, for shall be committed, every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of onh^dut ]mifi lon five Pounds. 0 ieir u y' 5

XV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace Recovery and appiica as aforesaid, within his or their respective Jurisdiction shall, on Application to him or them for that tion of the Forfeitures. Purpose made, grant his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to levy

any Money which shall be forfeited by virtue of this Action the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Person and Persons who shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, together with the Costs of every such Distress and Sale (except in the Cases herein before particularly provided to Charge the Owners of such Fishing Ship,

Sloop, Smack, or other Fishing Veiled or Vessels)3 and that one Moiety of all the Money which shall be forfeited for any Offence committed against this Act (the Application whereof is not herein before particularly appropriated) shall, when recovered, go and and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof, except where the Conviction shall be for any Offence committed in the City of Westminster, or for not making the Entry at the said Coast Office of the Time of the Arrival of any such Fishing Ship,

Sloop, Smack, or Fishing Vessel, at the Nore as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which any such Offence shall be committed: And where any Conviction shall be for any Offence committed in the City of Westminster, or for not reporting, as herein before is directed, the Time of the Arrival of any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or Vessel, at the said Coast Office as aforesaid, the said other Moiety of the Money which shall be forfeited on any such Conviction, shall go and be paid to the trustees appointed to put the said recited Acts in Execution, to be placed by them, or any five or more of them, or their Order, to the General Account of Surplus of Profits arising from the said Fish Market in Westminster, and to be appropriated as the said Surplus in the said Act in the said twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign is directed: if sufficient Distress at any Time cannot be found, where from the Money which For Want of sufficient shall be forfeited by any Offender or Offenders against this Act can be levied on his, her or their Distress whereon to levy Goods and Chattles, then, and in any such Case, every such Offender and Offenders shall, by any Forfeiture, the °/ warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more such Justice or Justices di fe"der jsi!° be redted to some Peace Officer, be apprehended, if he, she or they can be found, and be committed Labour, fotany Time to some House of Correction of the County, City or Place where any such Offender shall be appre not exceeding Months, hended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, as any such Justice or Justices shall order, unless the Money which shall be forfeited by such Offender or Offenders shall be sooner paid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be punished for any Of Limitation of Preface; fence against this Act, unless a Prosecution shall be commenced against him for the same within t"0115,

two Months after everyy such Offence shall be committed, or who shall have been punished for any such Offence under any other Law; and that where any Person shall be committed to any House of

Correction for Default of Payment, or for want of sufficient Distress being met with to answer any

Penalty incurred by any Offence against this Act, and shall remain there during the Time for which

he, she or they shall be so committed, no such Person shall be liable afterwards to be prosecuted again

for Nonpayment of such Money forfeited; and that any Person who shall inhabit in any Parish in Inhabitants deemed com

which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, shall, notwithstanding such Inhabitancy, be Petent Witnesses

allowed and admitted to be a competent Witness.

XVII. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice or Mitigation of smaller Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be brought and convicted of any Offence Penalue5' against this Act, shall and may, from time to time, as he or they shall see Occasion, mitigate

any of the Penalties under the Sum of five Pounds hereby inflicted, so as such Mitigation doth not at any Time extend to remit above one Half of the Penalty inflicted for any Offence committed against this a.dl 3 and every such Mitigation shall be a sufficient Discharge to the

Person

form of Conviction

C 28. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Person offending, for so much of the Penalty under the Sum of five Pounds as shall be so mitigated.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted by virtue of this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say.

(To wit)

"15 E it remembered, That on this 4 JL) Year of the Reign of

Day of in the

_ w A.B. is convicted before of his

majesty's Justices of^he Peace for the County of or City of

or Corporation of (as the Case shall happen to be) for

and do adjudge him, her or them (as the Case fall be) to pay and forfeit the Sum of

Appeal may be made to the next General or Quarter session,

the Appellant entering into a Recognisance, and giving due Notice to the Prosecutor;

and the Justices at the said Sections are authorised to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, c.

and their Order to be final.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

Treble Costs

See farther z Geo. 3. c. 15.

[Preamble,

33 Geo. 2. c. 9.

The Duties ofcustom payable upon the Importation of Rum and Spirits from the British Sugar Plantations, to be repaid upon the Exportation thereof;

Given under our Hands and Seals (or my Hand and Seal) the Day and Tear abovesaid.

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Conviction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Offence committed against this Act, or the said recited Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his said present Majesty's Reign, to appeal to the next General or Quarter session to be held for the County, City or Place in which any such Conviction shall have been made; the Person or Persons so appealing, first entering into a Recognisance in double the Sum of Money forfeited, before the such Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with effedi, and abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal; and giving eight Days Notice in Writing of every such Intention to appeal, to the Party or Parties on whole rrofecution any such Conviction was made; and the Justices of the County, City or Place, in which any such Conviction shall have been made, are hereby authorised and required in their next General or Quarter session after any such Appeal shall be made, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and to award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and to levy, by their Order or Warrant, the Costs which shall be so awarded, together with such Money as they shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of any Person who shall refuse to pay the same; and for want of sufficient Distress, to commit the Party or Parties to the Common Gaol or Prison of the County, City or Place in which he, she or they shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Months, unless the Money which shall be adjudged to be forfeited, as well as the Costs ordered to be paid, shall be sooner paid; and such Order of any such Justices at their General orquarter sessions, shall be final; and no Proceedings of any such Justices out of Session, or in their said General or Quarter session, in pursuance of this Act, shall be removable by Certiorari, or otherwise.

XX. Provided likewise, and be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought within six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place in which such Offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, then the Juty shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And upon such Verdict; or if the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall be paid Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for Recovery of the same, as as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have, in any Case, to recover his, her or their Costs by Law.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from melaftcs.

FOR encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, from this Kingdom as Merchandise; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, upon the Exportation of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufactures of the britiji) Sugar Plantations in America, from this Kingdom, as Merchandise, there shall be, instead and in lieu of all former Drawbacks and Allowances out of the Duties of Custom, a Drawback, or

an

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 28.. 479

an Allowance of all the Duties of Custom payable upon the Importation of such Rum or Spirits 3 and which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Rum or Spirits, was, could or might be made before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sixteenth and the Duties of Ex day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, all Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce cife to be remitted upon and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, which shall, before the Payment of the ah such as shall beex _ Duties of Excise charged upon the Importation thereof, be exported as Merchandise, under the ported before Payment is Rules, Restrictions and Regulations herein after established and referred to, from any Warehouse or ma e0 1 e ai uues* Warehouses in which such Rum or Spirits hath been or shall be lodged or deposited, by virtue and in pursuance of an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the Britishl Sugar Plantations, to land the same before the Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own Expense; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on same Rock Salt lost by the Overfotving of the Rivers Weaver and Dane; hall be freed and discharged trom all Duties of Excise, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any such Rum or Spirits Exporter to give Bond shall be delivered out of any Warehouse as aforesaid, for Exportation, the Person or Persons intend for the due Exportation ing to export such Rum or Spirits, shall give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his thereof.

Heirs and Successors, to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland for the Time being, or any three of them, or by such Person or Persons as they hall from time to time appoint for that Purpose, in double the Value of the Goods and the Duties of Excise payable thereon, that such Rum and Spirits, and every Part thereof, shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly exported as Merchandise to, and landed in, such Ports or Places beyond the Seas, as shall be specified in such Bonds; and that the same shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, nor relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or ilaan, or either of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rum and Spirits lodged or Upon producing a Certl

deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, shall and may from time to time be de ficateof <"uch Bond ha livered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Exportation, and upon the Exporter or Expor Mentioned

ters, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf, producing to the Keeper or Keepers of therein arete bedeliver such respective Warehouse or Warehouses, and to the Officer or Officers appointed by the com ed out of the Warehouses, missioner of Excise respectively to attend the same, a Certificate or Certificates from the respective Commissioners of Excise, or any one of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to

take such Bond and Security as aforesaid, certifying that such Bond and Security hath been given, the Keeper or Keepers of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and Officer or Officers of Excise attending the same, hall deliver so much Rum or Spirits, as shall be mentioned in every such Certificate respectively, to be exported 5 and such respective Keeper or Keepers of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and Officer or Officers of Excise, shall thereupon give to such Exporter or Exporters, or the Person or Persons employed to take Care of the Delivery of such Rum or Spirits, a Certificate,

[pecifying the Quantity of the Rum or Spirits so delivered, the Size or Contents, and the Marks quant^and siz^and* )f the Calk or Package in which such Rum or Spirits are contained, the Quantity of Rum or Spi mks oythe cast^&c,

lits contained in such Cask or Package on the Landing thereof, the Name or Names of the Proprie to be given therewith, for or Proprietors, Importer or Importers of such Rum or Spirits, and also certifying that the same ire delivered out for Exportation, and the Day'and particular Time when and to whom such de ivery was made; which Certificate shall be signed by such Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall 2nd produ^d be produced to the Officer of Excise attending the Shipping of such Rum or Spirits: And the p en m.p. Keeper or Keepers of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and the Officer or Officers appointed by the dueentry to be made of Commissioners of Excise to attend the same, hall make such Entries of the Delivery of such Rum such Delivery, ind Spirits as by the said former Act is directed to be made, with respect to the Rum and Spirits delivered upon the Payment of the Duties; and no such Warehouse Keeper or other Person, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for making any such Delivery; anything in the said former Act rontained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Oath being made before any Bonds 6'ven for the du two or more of the respective Commissioners of Excise, or two or more Justices of the Peace for the tiesare be delivered County or Place from whence any such Rum or Spirits are intended to be exported, that the same intended^xp^rtation,

are to be exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas and upon producing to the Com

of Excise respectively, or to their respective Officer or Officers, having Custody of the Bonds given in pursuance of the said former Act, for securing ard paying the Duties of Excise upon the Importation of such Rum or Spirits, a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the proper Officer and Certificates produ ar Officers of the Excise for the Port or Place where such Rum or Spirits were hipped, of the Quan ced> cof the Quantity iities so hipped, and that the same were Proof Spirits, and hipped in the presence of such Officer ^'PP^ a'ld lj?at !he )r Officers, and that the same were accompanied with such Certificate of the Delivery from such antau^oftbcdelivery Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid and also upon Delivery of such last mentioned Certificate, thereof from the ware uch Commissioners, or Person or Persons respectively having the Custody of such respective Bonds, houses, c, n case the whole Quantity of Rum and Spirits mentioned therein shall be certified to be delivered

and

1

1

480

C 28. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

and shipped as aforesaid, shall deliver up such Bonds respectively to the Person or Persons producing such respetflive Certificates; or in case only a Part of the Rum or Spirits mentioned in such Bona shall be certified to be delivered and shipped, the said Commissioners, or Person or Persons respectively, shall endorse on such Bonds the Quantity or Quantities so delivered and shipped; if at at any future ime or Times, before the Expiration of the Term stipulated in such Bonds for the Payment of such Duties shall have expired, the remaining Part of the Rum or Spirits mentioned therein, shall be certified as aforesaid to be delivered and shipped as Merchandise for Exportation, then such Bonds respectively shall in like Manner be delivered up to the Person or Persons producing such Certificates, and the Proprietors and Importers of such Rum and Spirits shall be freed and discharged from the Payment of all Duties for or in respect of the Importation thereof.

If Part only of the Rum, or Spirits mentioned in the Bond are certified to be delivered and shipped the Quantity is to be endorsed on the Bond; and the Bond is to be delivered up, when the remaining Part shall be certified to be delivered and shipped j provided the same be before the time stipulated for Payment of the Duties.

All Rum and Spirits in

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said draw titled to the said Drawback shall not be allowed, nor shall the said Bonds for securing the Duties of Excise be delivered acic, cup, or such Endorsement as aforesaid made thereon, or the Proprietors or Importers be freed and

are to be exported in discharged from the Payment of such Duties of Excise, for any Rum or Spirits which shall be ex than too Galions, ° 6 S Ported n any Cask which shall contain less than one hundred Gallons, or that shall be shipped on and in veftejs not less Board any Vessel of less Burden than one hundred Tonnes, or be exported from any Port not being than tootons Burden, the Port of the Importation of such Rum or Spirits.

The Quantity delivered

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quantity of out is to be computed acrum and Spirits so to be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and to be exported, shall cording to the Gauge be computed and allowed according to the Gauge which shall be taken at the Time of Landing the tation thereof nip°r* same, upon the Importation thereof, in such Manner as the Duty of Excise is by the said former Act directed to be computed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Rum or Spirits, after the Delivery thereof from such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid for Exportation, shall before the Shipping thereof be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or other Place, so as to be concealed from public View and Inspetflion; or shall not be shipped within the Space of twelve Hours after the Delivery thereof; or if the Cask or Package in which such Rum or Spirits are contained shall be

or altered in Quantity or wilfully opened, or any Part of such Rum or Spirits taken thereout, or if the Quality of such Rum Quality; or Spirits shall be changed or altered; in each and every such Case, all such Rum or Spirits, and

such Rum or Spirits are the Casks or Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: the Person or Persons who shall have given Bond for the due Expor

...f tation of such Rum or Spirits, shall, upon Proof of any such Offence, be subject to the Penalty

unless the Commissioners of such Bond, and the same shall be put in Suit accordingly; unless the Commissioners of Excise, see Cause to forbear the by whom or by whose Authority such Bond shall have been taken, shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bonds to be given by virtue of this Act for the due and regular Exportation of such Rum and Spirits as Merchandise, shall not be delivered up or discharged until Certificates shall be produced of the Exportation to, and Land

Exportation and landing, ing and Disposal of such Rum or Spirits at, the Ports or Places mentioned in such Bonds; and and Proof made thereof Proof made upon Oath in relation thereto, in such Manner and Form respectively, as is directed and required by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of waking low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour and Bran, for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Refunding or Importation tfjereof, with respect and in relation to the Bonds to be taken by virtue of the said Act upon the Exportation as Merchandise of Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain, from the Materials in the said Act mentioned; and the Condition of all the Bonds to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be to produce such Certificates within such Times respectively, as are limited by the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, for producing the Certificates therein required to be delivered: And all Persons authorised by the said last mentioned Act to administer Oaths, are hereby authorised to administer such or the like Oaths in pursuance of this Act: And in case no such Certificates shall respectively be produced, or and of their being gut in Proof respectively made within the Times therein limited, it shall and may be lawful for the respectsuit. tive Commissioners of Excise to cause the Bonds which shall be taken by virtue of this Act to be put

in Suit, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And, for the preventing the Relanding of such Rum or Spirits after the same shall be shipped; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in case any such Rum or Spirits, entered as Merchandise for Exportation, shall not be really and bona fide shipped and exported (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) or shall be landed again in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them, unless in case of Distress to save the Goods from perishing, which shall he presently made known to the Officer or Officers of Excise, and the principal Officers of thccustoms in the Port; then, not only all such Rum and Spirits, and the Casks or

If after Delivery any shall be concealed, or not shipped within twelve Hours, or the Casks be opened, or the same be reduced

forfeited, and the Bond is to be put in Suit;

same

Bonds given for Exportation are not to be discharged till Certificates he produced of the due

on Oath, in Manner re quired by the Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, c.

Condition of the Bonds for Exportation,

If such Rum or Spirits fhili not be exported,

or shall be fraudulently

relanded,

the same, together with the Vessels, Cattle and Carriages employed therein,

are forfeited; and the Persons concerned forfeit double the Amount of the Duties;

I

other

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 28. 4.81

other Package shall be forfeited and lost, but also the Person or Persons who shall bring, or cause,

or procure to be relanded, such Rum and Spirits, or any Part thereof, into any Part of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them, or be assisting

or otherwise concerned in the unshipping the same, or to whose Hands the same hall knowingly

come after the unshipping thereof, or by whose Privity, Knowledge, or Direction, the said Rum or

Spirits, or any Part thereof, shall be so relanded, hall forfeit double the Amount of the Duties

charged upon the Importation of such Rum or Spirits, and the Casks and other Package containing

the same, together with the vessels and Boats, and all the Horses or other Cattle and Carriages

whatsoever, made use of in the Landing, Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: if any Master, and the <tc'if e

Commander, or other Person belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall assist in, or connive at, the frau ?rff°ni]7vvfrea|,

dulent Landing any such Rum or Spirits as aforesaid, he, she or they (over and above all other Pe imprisonment;°nl

nalties provided by this or any other Act or Acts now in Force) mall, for every such Offence,

suffer I mprisonment for the Space of six months, without Bail or Mainprize; and in cale the Pack or if the Package be al

age of such Rum or Spirits so entered for Exportation, or any Part thereof, shall be altered at any tered before Arrival ac

Time after the shipping thereof, and before the Arrival of the Ship at the Port or Place of Discharge, the Place of Discharge,

the Master or other Person taking Charge of every such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum lie forjclts 100

of one hundred Pounds.

XI. And, for the preventing of Frauds which may be committed in the Exportation of such Rum

or Spirits, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sixteenth Day The Rum or sprits of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, all such Rum or Spirits so to be exported shall be exported, are to be Proof Spirits; and in order that the same may be properly examined, and the Casks marked, when r 5 any Person or Persons shall be deflrous of ftiipping any Quantity of such Rum or Spirits, they are ave jq?^previous No hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Excise, of the Devision or Place fice of the shipping where such Rum or Spirits are intended to be shipped, five Days next before such Rum or Spirits thereof; shall be put on shipboai'd; in which Notice shall be expressed the Number of Casks, and the Quantity of Rum or Spirits, so intended to be shipped: it shall be lawful to and for the Gaugers, or and allow the Officers to other Officers of Excise, before the Delivery of such Rum and Spirits from such Warehouses, and marc the C i)'cs'at any Time afterwards, to mark all and every such Casks, or other Package, in such Manner as the respective Commissioners of Excise shall direct, and to take a Sample or Samples (not exceeding and take Samples, paying one Pint in the Whole) out of each of the said Casks, or other Package, containing such Rum orfor the de

Spirits, paying for such Sample or Samples (if demanded) according to the Market Price Rum or manded»

Spirits of the like Quality shall be sold for at the Time such Sample or Samples shall be taken

And in case any Person or Persons shall put on Shipboard any such Rum or Spirits, for Exporta upon pena tjrforfeit tion, as Merchandise, without having given such Notice as aforesaid, or shall obffrubl or hinder in/100D'the Gaugers, or other Officers of Excise, in the marking such Casks or Package, or in taking such I Vm °, r Spint Sample or Samples, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of ced; n q^amity orqnaw one hundred Pounds; and if the Rum or Spirits so intended for Exportation as Merchandise, ty after beingffiipped, the shall after the ftiipping thereof be altered or reduced in Quality or Quantity, after any Officer or same is forfeited, and the Officers of Excise shall have examined the same, the said Rum or Spirits, and the cask or Casks, or Persons concerned there other Package or Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and the Person or Persons ln i0lfeit a !o 100*who shall have so altered or reduced uch Rum or Spirits, or caused or procured the same to be altered or reduced, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence, and no and no Drawbacks to Drawback or Allowance of the Duties shall be made for the same. be allowed for the same,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty of granting a

knowingly or wittingly grant any false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase, or alter any Oath or Certi false Certificate, or of ficate made or given pursuant to this Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly pub]i(h or make use there cot)ntei^!tlns' altering, of, such Person or Persons shall forfeit five hundred Pounds; which Forfeiture shall and may be £cca tan[ em

prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer'5

in Scotland, one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the one Moiety to the Crown, other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the same, wherein no and the other to the Pro essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; and fecutor. such Oath or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, crafed, or altered, shall be invalid, and of no Effebl.

XIII. And, for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits drawn or made in Great An additional Draw britain from Melasses; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat from and after the said six °{ 31, ?, % p.ertun teer.th dy of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, there shall be an additional Drawback ina^sphl2drawn from or Allowance of three Pounds three Shillings, for every Tun of such Spirits so drawn or made in Melasses, exported; Great Britain, which shall be exported for Merchandise to Parts beyond the Seas; and upon Oath Oath being made of the being made before any two or more of the respective Commissioners of Ecxife, or Justices of the Trxith thereof.

Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Spirits are intended to be exported, that the same were drawn or made in Great Britain from Melasses without any Mixture with any other Materials, either Native or Foreign; or in Case such Spirits shall be reblified Spirits, then upon Oath made, that the same were drawn or made in Great Britain from Melasses without any Mixture with any other Materials, either Native or Foreign, except what has been necessary for the the Dunes Long rebtifying thereof; and also on Oath made, that the Duties of the same are duly paid, and that and ei tificate produced the same are to be exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas; and upon producing of the Quantity fluked, a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the Officer or Officers of Excise for the Port or Place and that the f. mc wtre

Vol. VIII q.cj q where Proof Spirits, c.

482

C 29, 30. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

The Powers, Regulation', Forfeitures and aufes, c. in the recited Act, relating to the Drawback hereby granted on the Exportation of Spirits; and to the preventing or punishing Frauds, c. extended to this Act.

How the Fines and Penalties are to be recovered, mitigated and applied.

[General issue.]

Treble Certs.

See farther 2 Geo. 3. c. 5.

A.D. 1759.

where such Spirits were shipped, of the Quantities so shipped, and that the same were Proof Spirits and shipped in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, the Distiller or Distillers, or other Person or Persons exporting the same, hall be allowed or paid back by the Commissioners of the Excise, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits shall be shipped off, the said additional Drawback or Allowance of three Pounds three Shillings for every Tun of such Spirits so hipped off, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, and all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, re strictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and filings, therein contained or referred unto, relating to the Drawback or Allowance thereby granted upon Spfrits exported as Merchandise, and the Discharge or putting in Suit of the Bonds to be taken by virtue of the said Act, and to the en tring, Shipping and due and regular Exportation of such Spirits, and the landing and disposing of all and every Part thereof in Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing of all Frauds and Abuses, and punishing of Offenders, hall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered and put in Execution, with respect to the Drawback or Allowance hereby granted, and the mejafles Spirits intended to be, or which shall be, entered for Exportation by virtue of this Act, ard for preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds and Abuses relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again re enacted in this present Act.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Actor to be incurred by virtue thereof, hall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise directed by this Act) or by Action of Debt Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, timegh en to i2 Feb. and for giving further Time for those Purposes. E XP.

3761.

See farther 1 Geo. 3. c. 12. 2 Geo. 3. c. 23. 3 Geo. 3. c. 5.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS several Streets, Lanes and Passages, within the City of London and the Li

berties thereof, are too narrow and incommodious for the passing and repassing, as well of Foot Passengers as of Coaches, Carts and other Carriages, to the Prejudice and Inconvenience of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in and near the same, and to the great Hindrance of Bufi ness. Trade and Commerce: And whereas such Dcfedts might be remedied, and several new Streets and Ways be made within the said City and Liberties, to the great Ease, Safety and Convenience of Passengers, and Advantage of the Public in general, in case the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, were enabled to widen and en large the said narrow Streets, Lanes and Passages, and to open and lay out such new Streets and Ways; and for those Purposes to purchase the several Houses, Buildings and Grounds, which may be necessary to that End Wherefore, for promoting and encouraging a Design so useful and Power riven to the beneficial to the public, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; And Mayer, Aldermen and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Commons of the City, in Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Common Council artvm. Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common s rccr°ardf ava omen l uneil assembled, shall have Power and Authority, not only to widen and render more convenient tioned in the First Scho such and so much of the several Streets, Lanes and Passages, mentioned and described in a Schedule

u'jic

to

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 30.

48

to this act annexed, entitled, The First Schedule, in Manner in the said Schedule particularly mentioned, but also to design, make, open and lay out, such new Streets, Ways and passages, in the Parts and Places particularly mentioned and described in another Schedule to this Act also annexed, entitled, The Second Schedule, in manner in such Second Schedule mentioned.

II. And for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to effect the Purposes aforesaid. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall have full Power and Authority to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other persons interested in, such Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Estates, as shall be necessary to be purchased for the more effectual Performance of any of the Purposes aforesaid 5 and to purchase and become possessed of the same; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon for such Purchases, to cause such Houses and Buildings, or so much thereof as shall be necessary to be pulled down, and such Grounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary to be laid into new Streets, Ways and Passages or in, for or towards the widening, enlarging, or improving any of the present Streets, Ways and Passages, described in the two Schedules hereunto annexed; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify them the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, their Agents Workmen, Officers and Servants, and all Persons acting by or under their Authority, against: the Heirs, Executors, administrator.s or Assigns of any of the said Owners or Occupiers, as if the same had been sold and conveyed by Deed of Feoffment, Bargain and Sale, or other Assurance in the Law whasoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Lunatitks and Idiots, Executors, administra tors and Guardians whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ceffuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seized in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized or possessed of, or interested in, any Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act to sell and convey all or any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates and Interests or any Part thereof, to the said Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from or under them; any Law', Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; all such Persons, so conveying as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mi flake of Matter of Form whatsoever: And if it shall happen that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons, seized or possessed olor interested in, any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or by reason of Disability cannot agree with the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or with any Person or Persons by them in this Behalf authorised or appointed, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premisses they are in possession of, or to the Interest they claim, to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or of the Person or Persons by them so authorised or appointed; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriffs of the said City, and they are hereby required, upon a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to be issued and directed to them for this Purpose by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City (which Warrants or Precepts the said Court are hereby empowered and authorised to issuej to impanel and return a competent Number of substantial and dillnterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than forty-eight, nor more than seventy two; and out of such Persons, so to be impanelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Court appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons, so to be impanelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Court, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Court from Day today, till discharged by the said Court: And all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array: And the said Court is hereby authorised and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them, on their Oath or Oaths, concerning the Premises: And the said Court, it they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Mace or Places in Qudlion, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Court shall have

q_q q 2 Power

and to open and lay out such hew ones as are mentioned and described in the Second Schedule

and in order thereto, they may treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers, cof such Grounds and Buildings as shall be necessary for that Purpose, for the Purchase thereof, c.

and they are indemnified for so doing,

Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Persons, are empowered to sell and convey Lands for the said Purposes;

and they are indemnified for what they shall so do in pursuance of this Act. but if they shall refuse to treat or agree in the pre misses, or shall be disabled from treating.

or cannot evince a clear Title,

a Jury is to be summoned,

and drawn according to the Directions in Act 3 Geo. 2.

any of whom may he challenged but nut the Array.

wjtntftes may be also summoned and examined on Oath;

and the Court may direct the Jury to view the Places in Quell ion, '.

4^4

C

3°'

Anno tricesimo tevtio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

and to assess the Damages and Recomptnce upon Oath

Power to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend, until all such Affairs for which they were summoned, shall be concluded: And the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Court is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the Value of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estate and Interest of every Person seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, for the Purchase of such their Estates and interests; the said Court shall give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be allefted; which said Verdictt or Verdicts, and the said Judgement, Decree, or Determination thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, at least fourteen Days before the Time of such Assessment, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Court and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the dwelling house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, intended to be valued and assessed, in case such Party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such Notice) shall be binding and concluffve to all Intents and pur conclusive to all parties poses whatsoever, against all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trull, Use or Interest, in, to or out of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and Premises, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well against the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Ideotsj and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all Trustees and Cestuique Trusts, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; the said verdis, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Court and Juries, so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and ffgned by the Town Clerk of the said City for the Time being.

and their Verdict, and the Judgement given thereupon, (previous Notice having been first given to the Parties interested)

are to be binding and

and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and other Proceedings, are to be written on Parchment, and signed by the Town Clerk.

Upon Payment of the Purchase money,

the Parties to execute

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the Purchase of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to legal Conveyances f the be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances in the said ands and Grounds. Law to the fajj Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall order, director appoint, of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or of such Estate or Interest, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded; and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances; and shall do all Acfts, Matters and Things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perfetft Title to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the Person or Persons so by them in this Behalf to be appointed as aforesaid; and such Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants, as on the Part of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or of the Person or Persons so by them in this Behalf to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be reasonably required: And in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their Title to the Premises, and to make, or procure to be made, such good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof as aforesaid, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, being tendered to be paid to him, her or them, on their making such Title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such Conveyances, af signments or Assurances as aforesaid; in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found within the said City, or Liberties thereof; or in case by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defctft of Evidence, it shall not appear what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the rremifles in Question; and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to order the said Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as and for the Value of, and purchase money for the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid them, and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests therein, at such Time as the said Court shall order and dirctft: And the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall rend 3 Receipt taken for (eive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for whose Use the same is or are received to such Personas shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such verdis, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Juries, as relate to, or concern any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid; all Receipts which the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give for any Sum or Sums of Money paid into the Bank, in consequence of any such Verdicft and Judgement; shall be entered into a distinct Book or Books, which shall be kept among the Records of the said Court: And the said Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees and Orders, and other Proceedings,

shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; the same, or

and shall" be deemed good true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any ji tidcacc of the Sails; Court

But if they shall not make a clear Title, or execute legal Conveyances thereof, upon Tender of the Sum awarded,

or cannot be found, or a Dispute be depending concerning a Right to the Premises,

the Money is then to be paid into the Bank for the Use of the Parties,

the same.

All Verdicts, Judgments, Orders, and other Proceedings of the Court, and Receipts of the Cashiers,

are to be entered in proper Books, and kept among the Records of the Court;

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. 485

Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever: all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the and Recourse may te had

same gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, t^eret°>ar, dc'p1cs ulien fourpence, and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words: And immediately on such ontavment, and Entry Payment, and Entry of such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Pro made as atoi csaid, the cecdings of the said Court and Juries, and of such Receipt or Receipts of the said Cashier or Ca Right and Property of; fhiers as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Claim and De, Premiss is to vest

in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons for whose Use such Money shall be paid,; n, corpora:, on abr°'

to, and out of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, shall vest in the said uey'

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the Person or Persons to whom the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall order, diretft or appoint such Conveyances to be made; and they shall respectively be deemed in Law to be in the atftual Seism or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every Person, having any Estate in the Premises, had actually conveyed the same to them by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled. Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever: such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, inte ieff, Claim and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and dov/ers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion or Remainder, against the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Fine and Recovery, or either of them, would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

VI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Alder The Purchase money, men, after such Payment into the Bank and Entry as aforesaid, upon the Petition of any Person or Pon. pe.tlt, on of the Persons in whom the legal Estate, in Possession, of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, was bees ^'laced^ut^in the* veiled at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank, to place out or invest, or to cause to be pubiicfunds, c.

placed out or inverted, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the public

Funds, or on Government Security, at Interest, in the Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk, in the Names of the and Comptroller of the Chamber of the said City for the Time being; and the same shall, as soon cr^nd^o^troller

as conveniently may be, after the Death or Removal of any of them, be by the Survivors or Sur for the Time being, 0 "

vivor of them, transferred into the Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk, and Comptroller of the Chamber of the said City for the Time being; and so from time to time, as often as any one of the said Officers shall happen to die or be removed, in Trust, to transfer and assign the same to such Person or Persons to whom the Premises shall belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof; and in the mean Time, in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to in Trust, to pay the Into such Person or Persons foin Possession of the said Premises as aforesaid. rest aid dividend to

the said Parties.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who would be entitled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises against the Person or Persons foin Possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed to, or vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be entitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from all Interests and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorised and required to obey such Order and Orders, from time to time, as shall be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in order to the same being inverted in public Securities as aforesaid: the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Premises shall, by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall be quieted in the Seiiin and Possession of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport and true Meaning of this at.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Feme Covert is or shall be seized, in Fee Simple, or in Tail General or Special, or for Life, of any such Lands, Tenements and heredita monts so to be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or of any Interest in the same, to her separate Use, free from the Control or Intermeddling of her Husband, the Purchase money arising from the Sale of such Estate or Interest of such Feme Covert, on the Conveyance of such Estate or Interest to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be paid to such Person nr

Persons as she shall, by Writing under her Hand, nominate to receive the same, in Trust, to be reinvested in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for such Uses, Estate and Interest, as the said Feme Covert had in the Premises so purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Money arising from the Sale of any Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements azd Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes contained in this act of anybody Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate

or

The Persons entitled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises against the Persons in possession, are entitled to recover the Interest Money, and the Bank is to obey any Order of the Court made for that Purpose; the City 1$ not to be disturbed in their Possession,

nor is accountable for the Money placed out as aforesaid.

Where Feme Covert is seized in Fee Simple,

c. in any of the pre misses to her foie and separate Use, the purchase money is to be paid to her Attorney, in Trust, to be reinvested in other Lands to be settled to the same Uses,

The Money payable in respeift of Lands, c. belonging to Corporate Bodies, c.

4-86

is to be paid ta them or to their Order, in Trust, to be re irv/efted in other Land?, and to be settled to the same les.

All Bargains and Sales in puifuap.ee of this Act, nd in roll ed in the kuf tings, deemed good and valid in Law,

Memorials of all Claims of Right, c. to any of the Premises to be purchased and conveyed as aforesaid,

are to be entered, within five Years from the Date of the Inrolment of the Bargain and Sale, with the Town Clerk; his See for entering the same.

All Claims not entered or prosecuted within five Years, are null and void.

Persons barred of their Right, c. by virtue of this Act, may bring their Action for the purchase money rc.eived, c.

Tenants at Will, or i.eivees for a Year, ear to deliver up immediate pohfcltion of the Premises,

U'on Payment ortender of six Months Rent, or a year's Notice to quit the same;

and if they (h11 refuse to give tuch polti fiion, the I ourt may iftuc their pictept to the Sheriffs,

C 30a Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

or Sole, being Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, shall be paid to them respectively, or to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with ail convenient Speed then afterwards to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased from them respectively by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited or allured, at the Time of such the purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing and capable of taking Effect.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bargains and Sales whatsoever, to be made and acknowledged by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and which shall be in rolled in the Hustings of the said City, of any such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Force, Effect and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seized of any Effate in the Premises, in Trust, for or to the Use of such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whosoever, having or claiming any Right, Title, Interest:, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, in, to, or out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act shall be purchased and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Inrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of Such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town Clerk of the said City; which Book the said Town Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Regiffer of the County of Midillefix is by Law entitled, for the Regiilry of a'memorial containing the same Number of Words; and all and every Person or Persons whosoever, not entering such Right, Claim and Demand, within such Time, and in such Manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, Use, Equity, Property, Claim or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and those claiming by, from or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons, barred of any Right, Title, Effate, Interest, Claim or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by virtue of this AI, shall be at Liberty to biing an Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received to his, her or their Use, or take such other legal Remedy as he, she or they shall think proper, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any Person or Persons, who received the purchase money ariffng from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Premises aforesaid; that in every such Case, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Effate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase znoney, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been entitled to recover, in case this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Will, or Leflce for a Year, or other Person or Persons, in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and pre misses, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of, and for the Purposes of this at, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than a Tenant at Will, 'or as Lessee by Parole for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises immediately to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint to take pol session of the same, in case the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or such Person or Persons authorised by them, shall pay or tender to him or them six Months Rent of the same Premises, or shall give him or them twelve Months Notice to quit such Possession, when such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said twelve Months, or so i'oon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the pof session of the said Premises to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or the Person or Persons authorised by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to take Possession thereof: And that in case any such Person or Persons, foin Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to ilvue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the said City, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons, as shall in such Precept

3 ur

C 30.

4 87

or Precepts be nominated to receive the same: And the said Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver such possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the Issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refilling to give pof session as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, not being in possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with six Months Interest: of the said Principal Money, by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or the Person or Persons so by them appointed, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of six Months, to be computed from such Notice given; that then at the End of the said six Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall assign their Interest in the Premifi es to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or such Person or Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint: And in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse so to assign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall cease.

who are to deliver Po fife (lion accordingly, and levy the Colls of Execution.

Mortgagees, upon Tender of the Principal and Interest due, together with Half a year's extra Interest,

are to assign over their Mortgages immediate';

or otherwise, upon six Months Notice given them, and Payment of the Principal and luterest which shall be then due,

if they refuse, the inlc rest to cease from that Time

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Principal pnr; ncfp°j and ntcreft' ° Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid, into the Bank, at the End of six Months; nt the Bank, at the from such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, to be paid him, her End of six Months from or them, at such Time as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall order and diretff; the Ca such Notice, for the Use fhicr or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner °rj^ar'd

as is herein before directed, in Cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the taken^otrhe famep\he Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee Right of such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the said is to vest in the City. Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and they shall be deemed to be in the actual possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money, or other The purchase money, Consideration, Recompense or Satisfaction, to be paid and made pursuant to any such Agreement c, to be tsndered or Verdict as aforesaid, or which shall be due on such Mortgage, shall be tendered to the Party ort 1 C art, es'

Parties entitled to the same; and in case of Refusal to accept the same, shall he paid into the Bank and on they Refusal 10 of England; before the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council the pai/into^he'ban assembled, or any Person or Persons authorised or appointed by them, shall proceed to pull down before the premifies/hail any House or Houses, or other Erections and Buildings, or to use the Ground for the Purposes of be made use of; themo this at: And the said Moneys shall be paid into, and the Accounts thereof be, from time to time, nies toland in the Names aarried on by the Bank, in the Names of the Chamberlain, Town clerk, and Comptroller of the the Chamberlain, Chamber of the said City, for the Time being, in Trust for the Persons entitled to the said troiter, in Trust for the Moneys. Parties entitled thereto.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Mayor Court may fine the she ind Aldermen, shall have Power, from time to time, to inipose any reasonable Fine, not exceed rifts, their Deputies, bai ng the Sum of ten Pounds, on such sheriff's, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents re r Agents, spe£lively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned Jurymen,

m.d. returned on any such jury or Juries, who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn

on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Evidences,

Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence; also on any other Person or Persons who shall, in any other Manner, wilfully

neglect his or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this AI; and other Person?,

and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by prerifles and lev the

Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, toge same by Distress anysaic,

there with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to be applied to the use'

to the Owner: And all such Fines shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Hospitals of Brule of Bridewell and Bethle

well and Bethlehem, within the said City, and be paid for that Purpose to the Treasurer of the said hern hoffltais*

Hospitals for the Time being.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Proprietors

if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be applied to, shall be applied to for

by or on Behalf of the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council Sale and 90nveyance of

assembled, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey, for any of the Purposes of this atsl, any Part ct

or Parts of any House, Warehouse, Yard or Ground, in the actual Occupation of one Tenant, or cm' of several joint Tenants; and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Col and they shall signify their legiate, so applied to, shall by Notice in Writing, to be left at"rhe comptroller's Office in the inclination to treat, c. Guildhall of the said City within thirty Days next after such Application, signify his, her or their

Inclination

488 1

the Whole of the pre tniffes shall be deemed necsftiryto be purchased; but if the Court shall not be willing to purchase the Whole, the Proprietors are not bound to feil a Part.

Such Parts of any pre tniftes, cas shall not be necessary for the opening or widening of the Streets, may he let or sold by the Court or Proprietors.

A Committee may be appointed, and Power delegated to them for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution 5

but no Persons here described, may be of such Committee.

The Tithe, c, charged on any Messuages, to be pulled down and laid into the Streets, is to be deducted out of the pur cliale money, and paid icto the Chamber of London,

and is to be thereafter chargeable with all Arrears thereof, on the City Lands, c.

and paid quarterly by the Chamberlain to the le fpcftive Reftois and Vicars, &c. tree of all 7'axut and Deductions,

Act 11 Geo. 1. C as.

C 30. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of and convey the Whole of such House, ware house. Yard or Ground then and in every such Case, the Whole of every such House, Warehouse, Yard or Ground, shall be deemed, taken and held to be necessary to be purchased, for effecting the Purposes of this al: And if it shall happen that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the V hole of such House, Warehouse, Yard or Ground, then and in every such Case, nothing in this al contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey any Part of such House, Warehouse, Yard or Ground; anything herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any wise not with. (landing.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council alteinbled, or any Person or Persons in whom any House or Ground shall be vested by virtue of this act, to let, sell or dispose of so much or such Parts thereof, as shall not be necessary for the opening or widening of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways and Passages, to any Person or Persons, to and for such Use or Lies as they shall think proper.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to appoint a Committee to manage and transact such Matters and Things as shall be necessary in or about the Execution of the Purposes intended by this atst; which Committee so to be appointed, shall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, as the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall, from Time to Time, think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person concerned in Building, or dealing in any Materials for Building, shall be capable of acting as a Member of any Committee so to be appointed, or entrusted to manage or conduit the Execution of the Purposes aforesaid; shall any Person be eligible or capable of ailing as a Member of such Committee, during such Time as he shall have or execute any Office or Place of Profit by or under the Authority of this Act, or hold any Place or Employment under the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contrail or Agreement for efteiting the Purposes aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas by the pulling down several of the said Houses and Buildings, or some Part or Parts thereof, and laying the same into Streets and Ways for the Purposes aforesaid, the Reitors, Vicars or Curates of the respective Parishes wherein such Houses and Buildings respectively now Hand, will be deprived of their Remedy for recovering the Tythes, or yearly Sums of Money, or customary Payments in lieu of Tythes, now charged on such respective Houses or Buildings, and payable by the respective Occupiers thereof, unless some Provision shall be made by this Act for the future Payment of the same; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever the Tithe or yearly Sum of Money, or customary Payment in lieu of Tithe, charged on any Messuages, Tenements or Buildings, to be pulled down and laid into Streets and Ways under the Authority of this Act, shall be valued or ascertained at by any Jury to be impanelled by virtue of this Act, shall be deduiled out of the Sum at which the said Messuages, Tenements or Buildings shall be so valued or ascertained, 'and the same shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, for the Use of the said City: And all such Tythes, Sums of Money, or customary Payments in lieu thereof, which shall be in Arrear, or shall then after become due and payable to the Rcilors, Vicars or Curates of the said respective Parishes wherein such Houses, Buildings or Tenements respectively are, for or in respeil of any such Houses, Buildings or Tenements, which or whereof any Part or Parts shall be so pulled down and laid into Streets or Ways, shall for ever then afterwards he charged upon all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markers, Fairs and all other the Revenues of and belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, in Possession or Reversion, but without Prejudice to all precedent Charges thereon; and such Arrears shall be forthwith paid; and the growing Payments shall then after he payable to the Reilors, Vicars or Curates of the said several Parishes respectively and their successors for the Time being for ever, clear of all Taxes and Dedublions, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, at the four most usual quarterly Feasts, or Days of Payment in every Year, (that is to say) The Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint 'john Baptist, the Fcaft of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Nativity of our Blessed Saviour, by equal Payments in every Year; the first Payment thereof to begin and commence on such of the said Feast Days as shall first and next happen after the pulling down any of such Houses, Buildings or Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, and laying the same into the Streets and yvays aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIII. And whereas so much of the Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, audio prevent Mifhiefs that may happen by Fire within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned, as relates to the pulling down or rebuilding of Partitions or Party Walls between House and House, is confined to Cases where one of the Houses is to be created or built; and it may happen

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II.

C 30.

489

happen that Party Walls within the said City or Liberties thereof, may be so far cut of Repair as to render it necessary to pull down and rebuild the same, although neither of the adjoining Houses require to be new built: And whereas the Workmen appointed by virtue of the said recited Act to examine Party Walls, are often equally divided in Opinion about the Necessity of rebuilding the same, whereby a Certificate from the major Part of such Workmen, as by the said recited Act is required, cannot be obtained, and the Purposes of the said Act, in many Instances, have been evaded; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the So much of the recited said recited Act, as relates to Party Walls within the said City or Liberties, shall, from and after Act, as relates to Party the passing of this present Act, extend and be construed, deemed and taken to extend, to all Cases Wall, to extend to ai whatsoever, within the said City or Liberties, where it is or shall be necessary to pull down and re to pu 11 down

build any Party Wall, whether either of the adjoining Houses shall or hall not be, or required to and rebuild any Party, be rebuilt or new built: And that from and after the passing of this present Act, in case the major Wall within the City, Part of the Workmen apointed, in manner by the said recited Act prescribed, to view the Party die Liberties thereof; Wall of any House or Houses, within the said City or Liberties, intended to be pulled down, shall d workm^ah not, within the Space of one Month next after such Appointment, signa Certificate in Writing, as je tofig^a Certificate by the said Act is required, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the pursuant to the said act, Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Application to them for that Purpose made, by the Owner or Occupier of either of the Houses be tue Court, upon appii tween which the Party Wall so proposed to be pulled down shall be, to name and appoint one other able Workman to be added to the Workmen appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said so be added to the nunv recited Act: And the Workmen, so appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said former Act, and ber 5 of this present Act, or the major Part of them, who shall meet for that Purpose (reasonable Notice and the Majority certify having been given to all of them of such intended Meeting! shall view the Party Wall, so proposed ing thereupon such Wai i to be pulled down: And in case the major Part of such Workmen shall certify in Writing undert0 be their Hands, that such Party Wall is defetive and bad, and ought to be pulled down, then, and in it is to be pulled down, such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Occupier of either of the said act and rebui!t» joining Houses to cause such Party Wall to be pulled down and rebuilt, and he or she shall hut e ^biect however to the such Remedy for recovering a Moiety of the Expenses thereof, as in and by the said recited Act >s.jue^inua pffaej; o given or provided; subject nevertheless to such Appeal and Determination by the Justices of the them..? reace of and for the said City, as by the same Act is direted.

XXIV. And whereas it would tend greatly to prevent the Spreading of the fatal effets of Fire within the said City and Liberties, if Party Walls between House and House, within the same,

were to be made of greater Thickness than is prescribed by the AT, passed in the seventh Year of Act 7 Annas, C 17. arj the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Aci, fee4^" 3*h*

made in the sixth Tear of her Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs that ?nay happen by Fire; and if no Timbers, except the Timbers of the Roof, Girders, and the Templets under the -

same, were laid into the Party Walls; and if the Ends of the Girders, lying within the said Par ty Walls, did not exceed one Foot; and if none of the Ends of the Girders in adjoining Houses f^e^itobe two^ncks met, or were laid opposite to each other, and the Sides thereof were laid at lead nine Inches diana half thick in the dant from each other; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Party Walls Cellar, and two Bricks: which from and after the Expiration of three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, 'upward; '.

shall be ereted or built within the said City or Liberties thereof, shall be two Bricks and a half and no Timbers, except, thick at the lead in the Cellar, and two Bricks thick upwards to the Top of the Garret Floor; and those°f c rfi Gir'. that the same shall be built of Stone, or of good, found, hard, well burnt Bricks, and none other; ?era j fare.

and also that from and after the Expiration of the said three Calendar Months, no Timbers, except ° °!> ai e ai7ic'j the Timbers of the Roof, Girders and the Templets under the same, shall he laid into the Party re iutitoot there. walls ereted or built, or to be ereted or built within the said City or Liberties; and that the in, and not to mere, or Ends of Girders, lying within such Party Walls, shall not exceed one Foot; and that none of the be opposite to those in Ends of the Girders, in adjoining Houses hall meet, or be laid opposite to each other; and that the the adjoining Houses, Sides thereof shall be at leaf! nine Inches distant from each other: And if any Head Builder, Master ad

Bricklayer or Workman, shall eret and build, or cause to be ereted and built, any Party Wall other on Penalty of within the said City or Liberties, contrary to the diretions, true Intent and Meaning of this Act, forfeiting 501. "for cvety or shall use, in the Building thereof, any Bricks, other than good, found, hard, well burnt Bricks, Offence in any o. the or hall lay any Timber, in any Party Wall ereted or built, or which shall be ereted or built, ^remiftes;

within the said City or Liberties, contrary to the diretions, true' Intent and Meaning of this Act;

then such Head Builder, Master Bricklayer or Workman, shall for every such Offence lorfeit 2nd pay i^.f.'vnier acdpocret the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be equally divided, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other the Patiih.

Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Building shall be, and to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, upon convition upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon his or their own Confession, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners':

And for want of such Distress, the Offender shall be imprisotied for the Space of six Months,

unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said two Justices, who are hereby required and empowered to issue such Warrant accordingly.

XXV. And whereas several Houses within the said City and Liberties arc, in Part, ereted or built over the Grounds of other Proprietors, or the several Floors, Rooms or Parts thereof, are the Property of diffeient Persons, whereby Difficulties and Disputes may aiifc amongst the said several Owners or Proprietors, touching the pulling down and rebuilding the said Premisses, or Vol. VIII r.rr. 4 the

1

450

C

3°*

cation der

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

the Party Walls thereof, and such Rebuilding may thereby be prevented or delayed, to the great Injury and Inconvenience of such of the Owners as are desirous to rebuild the same; For Remedy thereof, and in order to prevent the fatal Effects of Fire, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Where a Part Owner of That when any House, within the said City or Liberties, in part erected or built over Ground being shallbdefir0u^to^e^property °»" some other Person, or whereof the several Floors, Rooms or Parts, are the Property

buiid the same, hut the of different Persons, hall be so decayed as to make the Owner of the said Ground, or of any Part other Parties frail refute, of the said House, desirous to rebuild the same, and the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers c. to jcia therein, of such House, or of any Part or Parts of the said House, hall not be able or willing to join, or by reason of any legal Disability cannot join in such Rebuilding; then, and in every such Case, it shall the Court upon Applf and may be lawful to and for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, and they are the^r^kteftohereby authorised and required, upon Application to them by the Party so desiring to rebuild, to emiies jflrue their Order to the Sheriffs of London to summon a Jury to be and appear before the said Court, at such Time as the said Court shall appoint, then and there to try whether the Premisses ought to be rebuilt or not, and to cause Notice thereof to be given to or left at such Premises for such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: And if such Jury shall be of Opinion that the Premises ought to be rebuilt, and any of the said Owners or Occupiers, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf, hall not in Court upon such Verdict, declare and signify their Consent and Readiness to join in the Expense of such Rebuilding, then such Jury shall be again impanelled and sworn to inquire and fix the Value of the Part or Parts of the said House belonging to the Person or he jury is: o fix the Va Perfotis so refusing or neglecting to signify, or being legally disabled from giving his, her or their jue of such Persons Part; Consent to such Rebuilding; and upon Payment or Tender of the Value, which shall be awarded by such Jury, to the Party or Parties interested, if he, fne or they can be found within the said City or the Liberties thereof, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, for the Use and Behoof of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, in case he, she or they cannot be found within the said City or Liberties, the Estate and Interest of the Party or Parties, so refusing or neglecting, or being disabled as aforesaid, of, in or to the said Premises, shall veff in the Person or Persons applying for and obtaining such

surveyed by a Jury;

and if diey shall be of Opinion that the same ought to be rebuilt, and any of the Parties shall not thereupon consent to join in the Expense,

and upon Payment or Tender of the Money awarded, c.

the Premises to vest in

the Person obtaining the Award or Verdict; and he, she or they may immediately proceed to pull down and rebuild the said teed^o^u7ldown nd°re ^ou^e 2nd Premises, 2nd any or every Part thereof; and hall from thenceforth hold and enjoy the bu'.ld °befaine'n 3d* f?me for ever, against such Owners and Occupiers, and his, her and their Heirs, Executors, admi nistrators and Assigns, and all other Persons whatsoever.

Where a Party Wail

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where shall be pulled down by any party Wall within the said City or Liberties shall, by virtue of the said recited AI of the ele and ebuu^f reeabl^to1* vent Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and of this present Act, be pulled down and rebuilt agree the Direction of this able to the directions of this present Act, by the Owner or Occupier of one of the adjoining Act, Houses, the Expense of such Party Wall shall be estimated and computed at and after the Rate of the Etpence shall be com seven Pounds per Rod; anything in the said former Act to the contrary thereof in any wise not puted at 7 1, per Rod; withstanding,

where any Party

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Wall shall be built agree any Party Wall shall be erected or built, agreeable to the Directions of this present Act, in execu ablcto the Directions of tion Of any Contrail or Contracts entered into with the Builder or Workman before the first Day any Contract ente^ed into March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, the Expence of such Party Wall shall be estimated

before i March 1760, 2nd computed at and after the Rate of seven Pounds per Rod; anything in such contradi or con the Expense shall be trails to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. computed in like Man

Aer '

XXVIII. And whereas Houses and Tenements in several Parts of the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, are often, either from litigated 'Pities thereto, or the Obstinacy or Poverty

of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, or of Parties interested therein, in so ruinous a Condition,

that Passengers pa fling thereby are in Danger of their Lives, from the falling thereof, or of Bricks

or Timber therefrom; and often are hurt by the falling of the Walls thereof, or of Bricks or

When any House or Te 4 Timber therefrom Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the

nement shall be presented twenty-fourth Dav of "June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, if any Presentment shall be made aunarumoj. cn mod, ^a, y ]nquest or Qr;, nc Jury in London, that any Houses or Tenements in the said City of London, the Court frau order a or the Liberties thereof, are in such ruinous Condition, it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor fufiiciem Hoard to te put anj Aldermen, and the {'aid Court is hereby required, on Notice of any such Presentment being up te crc the same, made, and on a Copy thereof being laid before them, to cause, with all convenient Speed then af terwaids, a proper and sufficient Hoard to be put up to guard all such ruinous Houses and I ene ments from the publick Street, and to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the Owner or ovv neisj or other Person or Persons interested therein, if he, she or they can be found in the said City of London or the Liberties thereof; and if not, to cause such Notice in Writing to be left at the pre misses in such ruinous Condition; to repair the same, or to take down such Buildings, as the Case hall require, within the Space of six Days then next ensuing: if such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons interested in any such Houses or Tenements shall not repair or take down the same, within the said Space of six Days after any such Notice as aforesaid shall lie given or left the Court may oufciuch as aforesaid, then, on Proof, on Oath, being made of any i'uch Notice being lo given or left, the bu.m.ngj to tr taken said Court is hereby authorised and required, with all convenient Speed then afterwards, to order and cause all or so much of such Houses or Tenements as are or filial 1 be in such ruinous Condition, and likely to be dangerous to Passengers puffing thereby, to be taken down and fiecured, in such

Manner

antfgive Notice to the Owner to take down or rcpaii such Buildings forthw.tli;

and it" inch Ordci frail no: i e complied with, aufc LI taken kan and fecund

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. 491

Manner as shall from time to time be thought requisite: And all the Charges of putting up and levy the Charges on every such Hoard, and taking down and securing all or so much of such ruinous Houses or the Owner, if he can see Tenements as shall be necessary to be taken down or made secure, for the Safety of Passengers und i passing that Way, shall from time to time be paid by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements, if known, and he, Hie or they can be met with, within the said City of London or the Liberties thereof: And if such Owner or Owners shall, on Demand thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the same, then such Charges may be levied, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Owner or Owners, if any such can be found in the said City of London; and if no such Owner or Owners can be met with in the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or sufficient Distress of his, her or their Goods or Chattles cannot be met with, where from such Costs and Charges may be levied; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons, who or on the future occu shall at any Time then after occupy any such Houses or Tenements, or the Ground whereon the pier of such House, same stood, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay the same, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof: And if he she or they shall neglect or refuse to pay such Charges, then the same hall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of any such Occupier or Occupiers, in Manner as other Distresses and Sales are by this act directed to be made, together with the Costs of every such Distress and Sale; and the Landlord and Landlords of which is to be allowed the Premisses is and are hereby required to allow every such Occupier and Occupiers all such In his Rent.

Charges which he, she or they shall so pay, or which shall be recovered by Distress and Sale from him, her or them as aforesaid, upon Receipt of the respective Rent: And every Occupier, paying any such Charges, shall be acquitted and discharged, for so much Money as he, she or they mail so pay, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons, to whom his, her or their Rent should have been due or payable; and such Money, as The Money recovered to the same shall from time to time be received or recovered, shall he paid to the Chamberlain of be paid to the chamber the said City, and be by him from time to time placed to the Credit of the Cash of the said City lain. Lrnim. _ y s«fibber 4c».3.

XXIX. And whereas the Pavements of the Streets in the City of London and the Liberties thereof c' i4"

are frequently damaged, by the breaking up of the same to amend or new lay Water Pipes, or to lay Water therefrom, belonging to Proprietors of waterworks, and by improper laying of such Water Pipes, and also by the bursting, leaking, or ouzing of Water Pipes belonging to the Pro prietors of waterworks; such Pavements are sometimes re laid, and also amended, by Pavi ours employed, by such Proprietors of waterworks, with bad Materials, and in an improper Man ner, and whilst the Ground is wet by the ouzing of the Pipes, and by reason thereof the Pavement made on the Ground when so wet often gives Way, and has Holes therein; 'Be it therefore Where the Pavements of enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June the Streets shall be da it shall be made appear, on Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City of Lon ma6dl^ the breaking don, by any credible Person, or shall be found on the View of any such Justice or Justices, or by a^y'watetpbcsj the Presentment of any Inquest: or Grand Jury of the said City, that any Pavement in the said City, c

the Liberties thereof, is damaged by the breaking up the same to amend or re lay any Water Pipe or Pipes, or to lay Water therefrom, belonging to the Proprietors of any waterworks, or by the bursting or leaking, or ouzing of any Water Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Proprietors of any waterworks, or by the improper laying of any Water Pipe or Pipes in the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, belonging to any Proprietors of waterworks; or that any such Pavement hath been laid down, amended, or new or re laid, by any Paviour employed by or under any Proprietors of waterworks, with bad Materials, or in an Improper Manner; then, and in any of the any Justice upon corr. said Cases, it shall be lawful for any such justice or Justices to cause Notice thereof, in Writing, to plaint, or View thereof, be given or lefr, by the Party or Parties complaining, at the public Office of the Proprietors of may g>ve Notice at the the waterworks to whom such Water Pipes which shall have occasioned any such Damage hall Proprietors

belong, or by whose Paviour any Pavement shall have been so defectively laid new, or relaid, or to maktgood or amended, with bad Materials, or in an Improper Manner, or with their Collector of the district new lay such Pavements in which any such Default in Pavement shall he, to make good, amend, or new lay, in a proper forthwith;

Manner, every such Pavement, within the Space of three Days next after every such Notice, in Writing, shall be so given or left as aforesaid: And if the Proprietors of such waterworks shall and if such Order ftnlf not, within the said Space of three Days next after every such Notice in Writing shall be so given not be complied with, or left as aforesaid, cause, at their Costs and Charges, every such defective Pavement to be well and effectually re laid, repaired, or amended, with good Materials, and in a proper and effectual Manner, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the said City to cause every such Pavement, such Justice may fetmcn defective or improper Pavement, to be well and effectually relaid, repaired or amended, with good to work,

?vlaterials, and in a proper and effectual Adanner, by any Paviour or Paviours any such Justice or Justices shall think fit to employ for that Purpose, having Regard to the Condition such Pavement was in before the same was damaged by any of the Means aforesaid: every Paviour who, whoftiall be paid their pursuant to any Order of any such Justice or Justices, shall relay, or new lay, repair, amend, or Charges, as a certained make good, any such Pavement, or defective or improper Pavement as aforesaid, shall from time to by a Justice, time be paid the Charges of doing thereof, as the same shall be ascertained under the Hand or Hands of some Justice or Justices of the said City of London who is ftnd are hereby respectively author

r r 2 rized

492

v ho is lkewife to <?e termine by whom the whole, or any Part thereof, oejht to see

and on their refofal Of p avvnent accordingly may levy the Charge by Distress and sae.

Inhabitants deemed competent witnesses.

nto Order of a Justice may be quailed for wanl of Form,

or removed by Certiorari,

Limitation of Actions.

General litus.

yuije Costj.

f ublklc Act

rized to ascertain the same; and also to determine and adjudge whether all or what Part of such Charges ought to be paid by the Proprietors of such waterworks, or whether any and what Part thereof ought to be paid by the Person or Persons who was or were liable by Law to have made good such Pavement, in case the same had not been damaged by some of the Means as aforesaid: if the Proprietors of such waterworks shall not, on Demand being made at their public Office, or on their Collector of the districi as aforesaid, of the Money which shall he ordered to be paid by them by any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, pay the same, within the Space of three Days next after any such Demand as aforesaid shall be made thereof; or if any Person or Persons liable by Law to have made good any such Pavement as as aforesaid, shall not pay such proportion able Part of the Charges of making good the same, as any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid shall determine and ascertain, by any Order which shall be made and signed by him or them, ought to be paid by such other Person or Persons respectively, within the Space of three Days next after any such Notice thereof shall have been given to, or left for, such other Person or Persons, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, and Demand of Payment thereof shall be made on him, her or them, or at his, her or their usual Place of Abode; then on Oath being made of such Demand, and of the Money so ordered to be paid remaining unpaid by the Space of three Days from the Time of the same having been demanded as aforesaid (and which Oath every such Justice and Justices as aforesaid is and are hereby respectively empowered to administer) any such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, directed to the Constables of the said City, cause the Expenses of amending every such Default in Pavement, defective or improper Pavement, or new or relaying any such Pavement as aforesaid, which shall have been amended or re laid under any such Order as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Proprietors of such waterworks, or of the Collector as aforesaid of the district in which any such Default of Pavement as aforesaid shall have been, or of the other Persons liable to make good any such defective Pavement, in such Proportion as any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid shall determine and ascertain the same ought to be so paid, together with the Charges of every such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owners thereof; and which Money, when levied, shall be paid to the Paviour or Paviours who shall have been employed by any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, and have amended, repaired, or re laid, any such Pavement or or Pavements as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitant of any Parish where any Offence against this Act shall have been committed, shall be admitted and allowed to be a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her Inhabitancy in such Parish.

XXXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order which:, shall be made by any Justice or Justices, by virtue of or under this at, or any other Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against

1 this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only; or be removed or removable by Certisrari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or any of them, such action or Suit shall be laid or brought within six Months next after the Fact done; and shall be laid or brought in the City of London, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant or Defendants in such action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited; or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their action or Actions; or if a verdic! shall pass against the Plaintiff or plaintiff's; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the said Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have, for Chfts, in( other Cases by Law.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act - shall be taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without Specially pleading the same.

First

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georg. 11 II

C 30.

493

First SCHEDULE to which the act refers.

Openings to be made

In the Ward of Aldersgate.

A Passage, twenty Feet wide, to be opened, from the Enft Side of Aldersgate Street (opposite to Little Britain) to the West of Noble Street, opposite to Oat Lane \ and from thence through to Wood Street, opposite to Love Lane.

In the Ward of Aldgate.

A Passage, fifty Feet wide, to be opened, from the mason's Shop facing Crutched Friars, in the Occupation of > Dent, in a diredft Line to the Minories.

A Passage, twenty-five Feet wide, to be opened, through Northumberland Alley, into Crutched friars,

In the Ward of Bishopsgate.

A Passage, twenty-five Feet wide, to be opened, through Angel Courts in Bishopsgate Street, into Little Saint helen's.

A Passage, twenty Feet wide, to be opened, from Broad street, through Union Court, into Bishopsgate Street.

In Coleman Street Ward.

A Passage, fifty Feet wide, to be opened, from the North End of Tokenhouse Yard to London Wall,

lit the Ward of Farringdon without.

A Passage, thirty Feet wide, in the Middle Part of Snow Hill, from thence to Fleet Market.

A Passage, twenty-five Feet wide from Butcherball Lane into Little Britain.

In Farringdon Ward within.

To make. a.passage through Cock Alley, on the South Side of Ludgate Hill, and opposite to the Old Baily, forty Feet wide, into Black Friars,

J -

Second SCHEDULE to which the Act refers

Sass ages to be improved and enlarged

In the Ward of Aldgate.

TO pull down the Houses on the East Side of Billeter Lane, in order to enlarge the Passage to the Width of thirty Feet.

To pulldown the houses.at the East End of Leadenhall Street, to make the Passage there thirty-five Feet wide. \. i.

To pull down such Part of the Houses on the East Side of Poor fury Lane, beginning atj and including, a. House on the North Side of The Horse and Trumpet, and extending Southwards towards Gould Square, as will be sufficient to range in a Line with that End of the Lane next to Aldgate; the passage.of which, is intended to be made thirty] five Feet wide, by pulling down, and setting, back, all the Houses from the Gate to the said Horse and Trumpet.

In Broad Street Ward.

j.

To pull down the House at the West End of the Buildings situate between Cornbill and thread needle Street, and opposite to the South End of prince's Street, and lay the Ground into the Street.

To pull down the Houses on the South Side of Threadneedle Street, extending from the House before mentioned eastward, till it reaches to that Part of the Street which is opposite to the bank. Gates i and to enlarge the Passage there to thirty-five Feet in Width,

hi

494

C 30.

Anno tricesiruo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

In the Ward of Coleman Street.

To pull down one House on the North East Corner of the Old Jury, and another Hotife at the South West Corner of Coleman Street, both of which are occupied by Brafiers, and lay the Ground thereof into the Street.

In Cordwainers Ward.

To pull down the House at the North East Corner of Trinity Lane near the Dog Tavern, and lay. the Ground into the Street.

In the Ward of Cornhill.

To pull down the House at the West End of the Buildings situate between Cornhill and Lombard Street, and lay the Ground into the Street.

In the Ward of Cripplegate within.

To pull down the Houses which project forwards at the West End of Silver Street, from the End of Monkivell Street, quite through into Aldersgate Street, to make a commodious Street forty Feet wide.

To pull down the House at the Corner of Aldermanbury facing Milk Street, which was formerly the Baptist Head Tavern, and lay the Ground thereof into the Street.

In the Ward of Farringdon within.

To pull down the Tin Shop, and the trunkmaker's House, at the South West Corner of Cheapfule, leading into St. Paul's Churchyard, and lay the Ground into the Street.

To pull down such Part of the Houses in Creed Lane as are necessary to widen the Passage to thirty Feet.

In the Ward of Faringdon without.'

To pull down all the Houses in the Middle Row between the Paved Alley adjoining to Saint Sepulchre's Church and Giltspur Street, from the North End thereof quite through to the South. End, which faces Hart Street, and lay the Ground into the Street.

To pull down all the Houses in the Middle Row between the great Old Bally and Little Old Bally, beginning at the North End thereof, which faces Hart Street, and proceeding southwards, including the baptijvs Head at the South End, facing the Great Old Bally, and lay the Ground into the Street.

To pull down the Shops or Sheds under 'Saint Dunstan's Church in Fleet Street, and lay the Ground into the Street.

In Langbourn Ward.

To pull down such Part of the Houses, at the End of Mark Lane, next to Fenchurch Street, as will make the Passage there thirty Feet wide.

To pull down such Part of the Houses at the East End of Lombard Street as will make the Passage there thirty Feet wide.

In the Ward of Portsoken. '

To pull down the House at the North East Corner of Hounsditch, and adjoining to the Churchyard, and lay the Ground thereof into, the Street. -

In Tower Ward.

To pull down such Part of the Houses on Saint Dunstan's Hill, adjoining to the George ale house, and opposite to the Chain, and such Part of the Warehouses opposite to the End of Saint dwi/lan's Church, as will render the Passage there thirty Feet wide.

To pull down the House on the North West Corner of Great Tower Street, now occupied by Master Crawford, a Brushmaker, and also the House on the South East Corner of Little Tower Street, now in the Occupation of Messieurs futon and Lindner, Hatters, in order to nuke that dangerous Passage safe and convenient.

To pull down the House in Mark Lane which adjoins to the Church of Allhallows Staining, and projects twelve Feet before the other Houses, in order to make it range in a Line with the said Houses, and enlarge the narrow Passage there.

In the Ward of Vintry.

To pull down the Houses on the North Side of Thames Street which are fttuated and reach from Elbow Lane to College Hill, and also those Houses on the South Side of the said Street which reach from Vintners Hall to Bull Wharf Lane, in order to make the said Street forty Feet wide.

495

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31.

To pull down the House at the Corner of Tower Royal, facing College Hill, and lay the Ground into the Street,

In the Ward of Wall broke.

To pull down the House at the North East Corner of Bucklersbury, which projects before the other Buildings.

r In Bishopsgate Ward.

To pull down the two Houses between New Broad Street and New Broad Street Buildings, which project so far into the Street as to make the Passage and Communication to the said Streets very narrow and inconvenient.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for regulating the Proceedings in Personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the' Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby.

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, is seized to

[Preamble,

him, his Heirs and Successors, of and in the Hundred and Liberty of High Peak, and Manor of Cajlleton, in the County of Derby, and of the jurisdictions of the two several Courts

Baron within, and appertaining to the said Hundred and Manor respectively: And whereas from Time immemorial, Plea hath been held every three Weeks, or so often as was requisite, in all Personal Actions arising within the said several jurisdictions, where the Debt or Damages have been under forty Shillings: And whereas notwithstanding Justice hath, for many Years, been ad ministered in the said several Courts Baron, in the most strict and impartial Manner, yet the Me

of compelling Debtors, and other Persons, to appear to the said Actions which are commenced in the said Courts Baron, is in both the said Courts by Summons and Distress infinite;

which is a very dilatory, and often an ineffectual Method for that Purpose; and by reason thereof,

and also by reason of the Expense which attends the Prosecution of Causes to Judgement in the said Courts, and often afterwards when such Causes are removed up to some superior Court, honest Creditors are many Times discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them, and thereby many evil disposed Persons, who have contracted small Debts within the said Hundred and Manor, are incouraged (though able) to refuse or delay the Payment thereof, and do often set their Creditors at Defiance; therefore the Freeholders, Refiants and Inhabitants, within the said Hundred and Manor, have applied to the Right Honourable the Chancellor and Council of his Majesty's said Duchy, in order that some proper Method may be provided for regulating the Proceedings in, and amending the Defers which so attend, the several jurisdictions of the said Courts Baron respectively, and for preventing all unnecessary Delays and Expenses in the said r Proceedings, and for providing, from among the several Suitors of the said several Courts Baron,

1 sit, able, discreet, and indifferent Homagers or Jurors to try all Issues which shall stand for Trial in any Plaint, Suit or Atftion to be depending in the said respective Courts, and the like fit, able,

discreet, and indifferent Homagers or Jurors for the finding of Inquests and taking of Iriquilitions upon Processes which may issue out of, or on any other Proceedings which may be had in the said Courts respectively, in Nature of Writs of Inquiry of Damages at the Common-law; and the said Chancellor and Council are of Opinion, that it will be for the Benefit of his Majesty's Subjects respectively inhabiting within the said Hundred and Manor, if an af could be obtained for the Purposes aforesaid Wherefore may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the On Plaint or Suit en year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty, whenever any Plaint shall be entered, or tered or commenced, any Suit or Action Hi all be commenced, in either of the Courts Baron so as aforesaid belonging to for a Debt or damaee the said Hundred of High Peak, or Manor of Cajlleton (the Debt or Damages in such Plaint, Suit not arr 0uiuing t04°s* or Action, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings) it shall and may be lawful to and for all Application to be mads and every Person and Persons, who shall have so entered any such Plaint, or commenced any such to the stev)'aid of the Suit or Action as aforesaid, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Agent or Agents, to apply defendant ummon the to the Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, or to his or their Deputy or Deputies, to issue '

his or their Precept to the Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other proper Officer or Officers of the said respsc tive Courts, to warn and summon the Defendant or Defendants in every such Plaint, Suit or Atftion, to appear at the next Court, and to make his or their Defence to such Plaint, Siiit or Atftion, in such Manner as such Defendant or Defendants shall be advisea; and thereupon such Steward or Steward to iitiie his Pre stewards, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall accordingly issue his or their Precept to cept accordingly to the the Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other proper Officer or Officers, to warn or summon the said defcn wl)0 is t0Execute dant or Defendants to appear and make his or their Defence as aforesaid; all and every such the "nie Bailiff and Bailiffs, and other Proper Officer and Officers, is and are hereby authorised and required to execute the said Precept, by personal Service of a Copy of fucff precept on the Defendant or Defendants, or by leaving a Copy of such Precept at the dwelling house cr Place of Abode of such

Defendant

and the Defendant appeanng thaeco,

rot

Plaintiff may enter a Common Appearance, and proceed thereon.

and their Judgement to be final and condusive.

Defendant suffering an interlocutory Judgement,

and Process of Inquiry thereupon.

iijmne

C 3 r. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Defendant or Defendants, at lead five Days before the Return of such Precept; and if; the Defendant or Defendants, who shall be named in any such Precept so executed as aforesaid, shall not appear at the Return thereof, or within the Space of one Hour after the Calling or Opening of the Court, which shall be held next after the iduing of such Precept, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the find Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (Proof being made upon Oath in open Court by the Bailiff or other Officer, of his having duly executed such Precept) to enter a Common Appearance for such Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon, as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his or their Appearance in pursuance of such Precept; any Law or Usage n nr. t to the contrary notwithstanding.

the Parties, And be it enacted, That where any Plaint shall be entered, or any Suit or Aiffion shall be thereof to be tried by the commenced at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one buicors of the Court, thousand seven hundred and sixty, in either of the said Courts Baron, so as aforesaid belonging to the said Hundred of High Peak, or Manor of Cajileton, (the Debt or Damages in such Plaint, Suit or action, not amounting to the sum of forty Shillings) all such Matters and Things as shall be put in Issue between the Parties upon any such Plaint, Suit or Atffion, hall severally be tried and determined by and before such of the Suitors or Homagers, owing vjuit and Service to the said courts re speclively, as herein after are directed to be for that Purpose nominated, chosen and summoned; such Verdict as they the said Suitors or Homagers in the said several Courts Baion shall respectively find upon every such Trial, and the Judgments thereupon to be entered, shall from time to time be final and conclusive to all and every the Parties, Plain titts and Defendants in the said several Plaints, Suits or Actions.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Plaint shall be entered, or any Suit or action shall be commenced, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in either of the said Courts Baron so as aforesaid belonging to the said Hundred of High Peak, or Manor of Cajileton (the Debt or Damages in such Plaint, Suit or Action, not amounting to forty Shillings) then if the Defendant or Defendants in such Plaint, Suit or Action, shall suffer an interlocutory Judgement or Judgments to be signed or entered against him or them, for want of a Plea or Picas, or for any other Cause, and in and by such interlocutory Judgement or Judgments, Process filial 1 be directed to issue in the Nature of a

Inquiry of Damages; then and in such Case, all and every the Inquests to be found, and Quificion° ta L e n" Inquisitions to be taken upon any such Process or Pfocesses, hall be found, had and taken, by and before such of the Suitors or Homagers of the said Courts Baron respectffively, as are herein after directed to be for that Purpose nominated, appointed and summoned; and such Inquest or inquifi> tions as shall be so found or taken by the said Suitors or Homagers, and the Damages which they filial assess, and the Judgments which shall be entered upon the Return of such Processes respectively, shall from time to time be binding and conclusive to all and every the Parties, Plaintiffs and Defendants in the said several Plaints, Suits or Actions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, and their lawful Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to issue', and be and they are hereby required upon the Application of any of the Parties, his or their Attorney or Attorneys, Agent or Agents, to issue his and their Warrants under his and their Hands and Seals, to all such Persons, as any of the said Parties shall be advised to be material Witnesses for them, or any of them, to produce upon any such Trial, or upon the taking of any such Inquest or Inquisition as aforesaid, by which Warrants such Witnesses as shall be named therein, shall be required, and they are hereby required, being first personally served with a Copy of such Warrant or Warrants, to give their perform] Attendance at every such Trial, Inquest or Inquisition, and there to give in their Evidence touching the Matters which shall be in Difference, or shall be to be tried or inquired into between the Parties, according to Truth; and such Stewards, and their said lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall respectively have full Power and Authority to interrogate and examine such or any other Witnesses before the said Suitors or Homagers viva voce, upon their cor

verdit and judgement to poral Oaths, in such Manner as shall be most conducive to the Discovery of the Truth; and after to te g ven thereupon. any Verdict or Inquest shall be found, or Inquisition shall be had or taken, and Damages aft clled in any such Plaint, Suit or Action, Judgement shall be given for such of the Parties for whom the said Verdict shall be given, or Damages alleffed, in such Manner as shall be just.

V. And be it also further enndted, That where any Person or Persons, residing within either of the jurisdictions of the said Courts Baron, after being by Warrant, under the respective Hands and Seals of the said Stewards, or their Deputies respectively (to be duly served as aforesaid) so required to appear and give Evidence, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to appear, or shall refuse to be examined and give their Evidence concerning the Matters in Difference, without sufficient Cause hewn for such Refusal or negletst, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Stewards of the said respective Courts and their Deputies (Proof being first made in open Court, upon Oath, of the due Service of every such Warrant or Warrants respectively) to fine such Person and Persons who filial I lo make Default in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings;

Fmc 10 be affected by the an(] t]iercupon such Fine or Fines, or so much thereof as the said respective Stewards or their de mc tn^iretl'r/ty^aiid0 plit cs shall appoint, shall be applied to and for the Use of the Party who shall appear ro the

ibe Crown.*' Court to be injured by being deprived of the Benefit of such Evidence, and the Residue to be and

remain to and for the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Right aforesaid; the Whole, together with the Costs and Charges of levying thereof to be recovered by Distress and

2 Sale

an! their Judgement to be bindmgand conclusive

Steward, upon Application, to funamon Wit

who are required to at t nd and give Evidence upon Oath;

Witnesses not attending, or rt fusing to give Evidence,

rmy be amerced by the Steward

497

Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the respective Hands and Seals of the Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron, or their respective Deputies; and for want of such For want of Distress, ot Distress the Offenders to be committed to Prison by such Warrant as aforesaid, for any Space of tender to committed. Time not exceeding twenty Days, unless he or they shall sooner pay the said Sum so imposed as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Commitment.

VI. And for avoiding of all unnecessary Prolixity and Multiplicity of Pleading; It is hereby Form of Plaintiff':; enacted, That where any Plaint shall be entered, or any Suit or Action shall be commenced in Declaration, either of the said several Courts Baron, in any Personal Action, the Debt or Damages in such Plaint, Suit or Action, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Plaint, Suit or Action, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised to declare in the Form or to the Effect following (that is to say)

HUNDRED of High Peak, or Manor of ca/lleton [as the Case is) To wit, A. Z. complains of C D. for that the said C D. before the Day of

in the Year of our Lord [naming the Day of entering the Plaint] within the Jurisdiction

of this Court, was indebted to the said A.B. in the Sum of [which may he expressed

to be either for Goods before that Time sold and delivered, or for Work and Labour done, or for Money lent, sr for Money laid out and expended for the tjfe or by the Order of the said C D. or for Money or Goods had and received by the said C I), for the Use or by the Order of the said A.B. or upon Account fated, or for nonperformance of Premises, ajfurnptious, Contracts, Agreements, or other Undertakings, or for some other of the aforesaid, or any other proper Cause or Causes of Action, as the Plaintiff J, hall be advised] which said Sum the said C D. hath not paid to the said A.B. but refuseth to pay the same, to his Damage of thirty-nine Shillings and eleven Pence; and therefore he brings this Suit, and so forth."

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant and Defendant may plead Defendants in every such Plaint, Suit or Action, to plead a General issue to such Declaration in generally thereto $ the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

e AND the said C D. comes and defends himself, and faith, he is not indebted to the said A. B,

as in his said Declaration is supposed; therefore he puts himself upon the Homage.'

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Defendant or Defendants in any such Plaint, Suit or Action as aforesaid, shall be advised, or shall find it necessary to infill on Special Matter for his or their Defencs in any such Plaint, Suit or Action, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Defendant and Defendants to plead a General Issue in the Form or to the Effect herein before mentioned, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence; so as nevertheless the Defendant or Defendants do severally at the Time of filing his or their Plea, give the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Notice in Writing, at the Foot of such Plea of the Special Matter intended to be given in Evidence, and insisted on as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case any Defendant or Defendants in any Plaint, Suit or Action, to be entered or commenced in Manner aforesaid, shall instead of pleading the General Issue, plead a Dilatory, or any other Plea besides the General Issue, or shall demur to the plaintiff's Declaration, and it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Steward of the Court wherein such Plaint, Suit or Action shall have been entered or commenced, or his Deputy, and be by the said Steward, or his Deputy, declared in open Court as his Opinion, that such Plea or Demurrer was put in by the Defendant or Defendants, merely with an Intent or Purpose to delay the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the prosecuting his or their Plaint, Suit or Action; then and in every or any of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, to sign Jugdment as for want of a Plea.

X. And be it also further enacted, That when any Plaint shall have been entered, or any Suit or Action commenced in either of the said Courts Baron, and an Appearance thereto shall have been regularly entered for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, shall have declared against such Defendant or Defendants; then in case the Defendant of Defendants shall not plead to such Declaration at the next Court after such Declaration shall have been filed, but shall make Default after being three Times solemnly called, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or plaintiff's, to sign Judgement by Default against the Defendant or Defendants so neglecting to plead to such Declaration, in such Plaint, Suit or Action.

and if necessary, give the Special Matter in Evidence,

giving the Plaintiff Notice thereof.

Defendant pleading otherwise than the General Issue,

and Court declaring the fame.to be merely dilatory, Plaintiff may sign Judgement as for want ot Plea;

or if after Appearance entered, and Declaration made, Defendant shall not plead thereto,

XL. And be it further enacted, That when any Plaint shall have been entered, or any Suit or Plaintiff may fgn Judge action commenced in either of said Courts Baron, and an Appearance thereto shall have been re, ment Detaulti gularly entered for the Defendant or Defendants, and the plaintiff' or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, shall have declared against such Defendant or Defendants, then in case the Defendant or Defendants shall not plead to such Declaration at the next Court after such Declaration shall have been filed, but shall make Default after being three Times solemnly called, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to sign Judgement by Default, in such Plaint, Suit or Action, and at the same Court, or upon such Notice as is herein after directed in that Behalf, at any subsequent Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Steward of the Court, wherein such.

1

and a Jury thereupon shall be summoned to assess the Damages and Costs,

and Judgement and Execution awarded.

Plaintiff not declaring upon the defendant's appearing,

or not proceeding to Trial, or being nonfuii «d, c.

Court to award Defendant Costs,

Plaintiff may notwithstanding renew his uit.

lo Days Notice of Trial to be given to Defendant,

and Copy thereof to be left with the Steward of the Court.

Plaintiff not being ledant,

C 31. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

Plaint, Suit or Action hall have been so entered or commenced, and such Proceedings had as, aforesaid, or his Deputy, and the said Steward and his Deputy is and are hereby required upen the Prayer of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, to impanel a Jury or Homage of twelve Persons, from among the Suitors or Homagers then attending such Court; and such Jury or Homage so impanelled, shall be in Nature of an Inquest to inquire, and shall accordingly inquire, or make Inruifttion upon their Oath, by all such lawful Ways and Means as the Jurors or Homagers of the same Court may do upon a Trial of any I flue therein, what Damages the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, hath or have sustained by reason of the Defendant or Defendants nonpayment of the Debt, or nonperformance of the Premisses mentioned in the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Declaration, or by reason of any other Matter or Thing, in respect whereof such Plaint shall have been entered, or such Suit or Action hall have been commenced as aforesaid; such Jury or Homage shall and may on such Inquest or Inquisition, assess the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs such Damages and Costs of Suit as shall be just; upon which Inquest found, or Inquisition had, and Damages assessed, final Judgement shall be entered, and Execution had and awarded, in such Manner as the Circumstances of the Case hall require.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall by virtue of this Act be at any Time or Times hereafter summoned to appear in either of the said Courts Baron upon, any Suit, Plaint or Action whatsoever, and the Person or Persons so summoned hall have appeared accordingly, then if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who shall so have entered such Plaint, or commenced such Suit or Action, shall not declare against such Person or Persons so summoned at the next Court after such Appearance; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall have declared, and the Defendant or Defendants shall have pleaded an issuable Plea; then in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, shall not proceed to Trial within two Courts held next after the pleading such issuable Plea; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or a Verdict given against him or them, and Judgement shall be thereupon entered against him or them in such Plaint, Suit or Action; and in any of the Cases aforesaid it shall and may be lawful to and for such of the said Courts in which such Plaint shall h, ave ben so entered, or Suit or Action commenced as aforesaid, to award the said Defendant or Defendants so summoned as aforesaid, his or their Costs of Suit in respect of the Premises: thereupon Execution shall be awarded by the said Courts respectively, for such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be awarded for Costs as aforesaid against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action; the same Sum and Sums of Money for which such Execution shall be so awarded, shall be paid, recovered, levied, and attached on such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs awarded to pay the same, or on his or their Goods and Chattels, by any such Processes out of the said respective Courts, or by any such other Ways or Means as any Sum or Sums of Money is or are hereby or herein after directed to be levied and recovered by Force and Virtue of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to disable the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's in any Plaint, Suit or Action, who shall not have duly prosecuted his Plaint, Suit or Action, or shall discontinue the same, or shall be nonsuited therein, from entering any new Plaint, or commencing any new Suit or Action for the same Debt or Damages for which his or their original Plaint, Suit or Action was entered or commenced.

XIV. And be it enacted, That ten Days Notice of Trial, and of taking Inquisitions in the Nature of Writs of Inquiry at Common-law (except as to the assessing of Damages at the Court whereat Judgement shall be signed as aforesaid) hall be given in Writing to the Defendant or Defendants in every Plaint, Suit or Action depending in the said respective Courts Baron, or to be left at his or their dwelling house or Place of Abode; and that a Copy thereof shall be left with the Steward of the Court, in which such Plaint, Suit or Action shall be entered or commenced, or his Deputy, ten Days before the Court at which such Plaint, Suit or Action is intended to be tried, or such Inquisition taken.

XV. And whereas Causes of Action may frequently arise, and be proper and convenient to be prosecuted, within the Jurisdictions of the said Courts Baron respectively, and the Person or Persons to whom any such Action or Actions shall accrue, may not live or reside within the same;

or it may happen that the Person or Persons having entered his or their Plaint, or commenced his

or their Suit or Action within the said Courts respectively, may, pending such Action or Actions,

1 depart or withdraw himself or themselves from such respective Jurisdictions; it will tend to the Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Hundred and Manor, and promote useful Credit, to provide a Remedy for the Costs of Suit of any Defendant or Defendants who shall be sued at the Suit of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in case he or they hall not duly prosecute his or their Plaint, Suit or Action, or discontinue the same, or become nonsuit in any such Plaint,

Suit or Action, or in case a Verdict shall be given, and Judgement thereupon entered against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein; ' Be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall be minded to enter any Plaint, or commence any Suit or Action, against any Person or Persons for any Debt, Matter or Thing whatsoever in either of the said Courts, and such Person or Persons, Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs, shall not reside within the Jurisdiction of the Court in which he or they shall be so minded to enter such Plaint, or commence such Action; or in case any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs having entered his or their Plaint, or commenced any Suit or Action in either of the said Courts, shall, pending the same, depart or withdraw himself or themselves from such Jurisdiction; and in either of the said Cases, he or they shall. the Time of his or their entering such Plaint,

or

499

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31.

or commencing such Suit or Action, and previous to his or their withdrawing himself or themselves from such jurisdiction, by himself or themselves, or his or their Agent, bring with him or them to, string before the or cause to appear before, the Steward for the Time being of such of the said Courts respectively ^tew2^: whereout Process shall be required to issue, or his Deputy, one or more sufficient Person or Persons, jurisdictionofthccourt, being a Householder or Householders, residing within the jurisdiction of the Court whereout such to enter into Recogni Process shall be so required, or hath issued, and hall cause or procure such Person or Persons so zance to prosecute the being a Householder or Householders, to enter into a Recognisance to the Defendant or Defendants Suit with Effsft, c. in such Plaint, Suit or action; and which Recognisance the said Steward or his Deputy shall, and is hereby authorised to take in the penal Sum of thirty-nine Shillings and eleven Pence, to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of them the said Person or Persons so entering into such Recognisance, by such Ways and Means as any other Sum or Sums of Money is or are herein directed to be levied and recovered by this act, with Condition, to be there under written, that such Recognisance shall be void, upon full Payment being made to the Defendant or Defendants of all his and their Costs of Suit, in case the plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Plaint, Suit or Action as aforesaid, hall not duly prosecute the same, hall discontinue his or their Action, or become nonsuit, or that a Verdict shall be given against him or them, and then, upon entering into such Recognisance as aforesaid, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to enter and prosecute his and their Plaint, and commence and carry on his or their Suit or.action against such Defendant or Defendants.

XVI. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons not residing within the Jurisdiction of the plaintiff not procuring Court wherein he or they shall enter, or be minded to enter, any Plaint, or commence any Suit or such Recognisance, Action, or having entered any Plaint or commenced any Suit or Action, shall previous to his or their withdrawing himself or themselves from such Jurisdiction, refuse or decline to procure such Recognisance as aforesaid to be entered into, that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may Steward may forbear he lawful to and for the Steward of the said Court, or his Deputy, to forbear granting his or their granting Precept against Precept or Precepts against the Defendant or Defendants in such Plaint, Suit or action, or permit ^efendanc' any further Proceedings in any Atftion or Suit then depending, until such Time as such Recognisance shall be entered into in Manner as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided also, That in case any Proceedings hall have been had in either of the said If Proceedings shall be

Courts Baron upon any Plaint entered, or any Suit or Action commenced, by any Person or per had n such Suit, with, fons whatsoever, not residing within the jurisdiction of the Court wherein such Plaint hall have beins

been so entered, or having withdrawn himself or themselves from the jurisdiction of the same Court, ' In °' and it hall afterwards appear to the Satisfaction of the Steward of the said Court in which such Action shall be so brought and depending, or his Deputy, that the Person or Persons who shall have

so entered such Plaint, or commenced such Suit or Action, or his or their Agent or Agents, have rot caused or procured such Recognisance to be entered into as is herein before mentioned; that then, and in either of the said Cases, the Plaint, Suit or Action so depending, hall be wholly dif Suit to be continued, continued, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entering or commencing the same, hall for the future be ^e^1^tl^'; abled to disabled from entering any new Plaint, or commencing any new Suit or Action, in either of the "'

said Courts Baron, for the Debt or Damages for which such Plaint was entered, or such Suit or Action was commenced as aforesaid, unless the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action shall, before the entering of any new Plaint or Commencement of any new Suit or Action, or further Proceedings had against such Defendant or Defendants, pay or cause to be paid, to such de till Costs be paid to Defendant or Defendants his or their Costs sustained in such former Plaint, Suit or Action; such Costs fondant, to be settled or ascertained by the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron, or their lawful Deputies.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Recognisance and Recognizances to be entered Recognisance to be en into and taken pursuant to this Act, hall be fairly entered by the respective Stewards of the said teted without Stamp, Courts Baron, or their Deputies, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, without Stamp,

and shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following that is to say, in the following Form,

HUNDRED of High Peak, or Manor of Cajileton, To wit, The Day of

upon a Plaint to be entered, or upon further prosecuting his Plaint as

the Case shall be) in the Court Baron of this Hundred or Manor, by A.B. of in the County of against C D. of within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, I E. F. of within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, do hereby

acknowledge to owe to the above named C D. the Sum of thirty-nine Shillings and eleven Pence,

"to be levied upon my Goods and Chattels: "The Condition of this Recognisance is such. That "if the said. F. hall, upon Demand, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid unto the said CD"

"such Sum or Sums of Money as hall, at any Time or Times, be awarded by the said Court "Baron to be paid by the said A.B. to the said C D. as and for his the said C D. his Costs of Suit u in the abovementioned Plaint, then this Recognisance to be void, or else to remain in full Force "and Virtue."

All and every of which said Recognizances shall be signed by the Party or Parties entering into the same, and shall be witnessed by the respective Stewards of the said Court Baron, or their Deputies for the Time being, wherein the same shall be acknowledged or taken,

jsffa. - XIX. And

Defendant may pay the

XIX. And be it enacted, That where any Plaint shall be entered, or any Suit or Action commoney into Court, menced, in either of the said Courts Baron, in any Personal Action, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants who shall have appeared to any such Plaint, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, having declared against such Defendant or Defendants, to bring the Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, into the Court wherein such Plaint shall be entered, or such Suit or Action commenced, and to pay the same into the Hands of the Steward of the same and plead the General Court, or his Deputy, and then to plead a General Issue, whereupon the said Court shall make a Court is unmake the fol or Order, without Stamp, in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say) lowing Rule,

"T T U N D R E D of High Peak, or Manor of cajueton> To wit, The Day

"X I of in the Year of our Lord the Defendant having

A.B. 1 "brought into Court the Sum of it is therefore ordered, That unless the

against L e Plaintiff shall accept thereof, with Costs, to be taxed by the Steward, or his Deputy, C D. J c in full Discharge of this Suit, the said Sum of shall be struck out of

"the Declaration, and paid out of Court to the Plaintiff, or his Attorney or Agent; and upon the "Trial of the Issue, the Plaintiff shall not be permitted to give Evidence for the said Sum of

"By the Court."

Upon issue joined and Notke of Trial,

Steward to issue Precepts for summoning a Jury of 24 Persons,

Summons to be made by personal Service.

Jurors Names to be written on diflindt Pieces of Paper, and rolled up, and put into a Box,

and 12 of those present, and not challenged, to be drawn;

who are to be the Jury, &c.

the Names to be returned again into the Box, to serve on Trial of other ututi depending,

A Copy of which said Rule shall be served upon the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Plaint, Suit or Action, or upon one of the Persons who shall enter into such Recognizances as aforesaid, or left at his or their dwelling houses or Places of Abode respectively, at least ten Days before the Court next after making the said Rule.

XX. And to the End that all such Matters and Things as shall or may be put in Issue between the Parties, upon any Plaint to be entered, or Suit or Action to be commenced, in either of the said Courts Baron, may be tried by twelve fit, able, discreet and indifferent Suitors or Homagers, ' owing Suit and Service to the said Courts Baron respectively; ' Be it enacted, That when and so often as due Notice shall have been given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs of the Trial of the Issue or Issues in any such Plaint, Suit or Action, to the respective Stewards of the said several Courts Baron, or their respective Deputies, in Manner before appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Stewards, or their Deputies respectively, and they are hereby required, at least five Days before the holding of any Court Baron for the said hundred or Manor respectively, at which any Issue or ifli/es joined in either of the said Courts Baron are intended to be tried, to issue their Precepts under their respective Hands and Seals to the Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Person or Persons to whom the Return of such Precepts for the Time being shall belong, thereby commanding them to summon twenty-four fit, able, discreet and indifferent Suitors of the said several Courts respectively, to serve as Jurors or Homagers at the next Court to be held for the said Hundred or Manor reflectively, in which Precepts shall be contained the Names, Places of Abode, and Additions of such twenty-four Persons, so directed to be summoned for the Trial of such Issues as aforesaid; and thereupon every such Bailiff or Bailiffs, and other Person or Persons to whom such Precepts shall issue, shall forthwith summon the Persons whom he or they shall be required to summon by such Precept or Precepts, by Writing under his or their respective Hands, thereby summoning or warning such Person or Persons to appear and serve as Jurors and Homagers at the then next Court; every such Summons or Warning to be made by personal Service of the Summons, or by leaving the same at the dwelling houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Name of each and every Person who shall be summoned to try such Issue or Issues in the said respective Courts Baron, with the Place of Abode and Addition of each and every such Person, shall be written by the said several Stewards, or their Deputies respectively, on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size and Bigness, as near as may be; and every such distinct Piece of Paper, upon which every such Name shall be respectively written, shall, immediately, previous to such Trial, be rolled up 2nd put into a Box, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and when any Plaint, Suit or Action shall be brought on to be tried, the said Stewards of the said Courts Baron, or their Deputies respectively, shall and may in open Court draw out twelve of the said Papers one after another; and if any of the Persons whose Names shall be drawn, shall not appear, or shall appear, and be challenged and set aside, then such further Number shall be drawn, until twelve Persons (all Causes of Challenges having been examined into, and allowed or overruled) shall have been drawn and approved of, or allowed of, as fair and indifferent] Persons to cry such Issue or Hides.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such twelve Persons, who shall be so drawn, and shall appear and be approved of as indifferent Persons to try the said Issue or Issues, shall (being first duly sworn in Manner hereafter directed) be the Jury or Homage to try the said Cause; and the Names and Persons of such Jury or Homage so drawn and sworn, shall be kept apart till such Jury or Homage shall have given in their Verdict, and such Verdict shall be duly entered, or until such Jury or Homage shall, by the Consent of Parties or Leave of the Court, be discharged; and then the same Names shall he rolled up again, and returned into the same Box, there to be kept with the other Names remaining undrawn, and so, from Time to Time, as often as any other Issue or Issues shall be to be tried in any other Plaint, Suit or Action, to be depending in the same several Courts respectively; and the same Course shall be observed for the Nomination and Appointment of a Jury

1 or

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31, 501

or Homage to try such issue or issues respectively, until all the Hues which shall then (land for Trial shall be tried, or the Juries discharged thereof as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Challenge to the Array, Limitation of Challenges of such Jury or Homage shall be taken or allowed, or any peremptory Challenge to more than two.to Jury.

of such Jurors of Homagers, by each of the Parties, his or their Attorney or Agent; any Law,

Ufnge or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further. That every Suitor, who shall be summoned to serve as a Juror or Ho Jury to be sworn mager in each of the said Courts Baron, shall, before he enters upon the Trial of any Plaint, Suit

or Action there depending, take the following Oath, that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly try the issue joined between the Parties, and a true The Oath.

J. Verdict give, according to the Evidence which shall be now produced, touching the Matters in Variance, without Favour or Affection to either Party.'

So help me God.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned to juror who hasferved attend either of the said Courts Baron as a special Suitor, Juror or Homager, shall make it appear fi Times in the same to the Satisfaction of the respective Stewards of the same Courts, or their respective Deputies, that Year

he has already served on the Trial of issues in the said respective Courts, or on the taking or finding of Inquests as a Juror or Homager six Times in the same Year in which he shall then be summoned; then, and in such Case, the Person who shall so make it appear that he hath so already served fix be discharged, upon several Times in that Year, shall upon his craving to be discharged be effoined and discharged from serv^t'of that yearurc all future Service as a special. Suitor, Juror or Homager for the trying of issues, or the taking or bervlce for 1 at ear finding of Inquests for the then current Year and then and in such Case, some other fit, able, dif and other fit Persons to creet, and indifferent Suitor of the said respective Courts shall be returned inflanter to serve in the be returned thereupon. Place and Stead of the Suitor who shall be so effoined and discharged as aforesaid.

XXVI. And to the End that a competent Number of fit, able, discreet and indifferent Suitors may be provided to find Inquests, and take Inquisitions on all Processes which shall issue out of the said respective Courts Baron, or other Proceedings which shall be there had, in Nature of Writs of Inquiry of Damages, ' Be it enacted, That the respective Stewards of the said several Precepts for summoning Courts Baron, or their respective Deputies, shall at leaf! five Days before the holding of a Court Jutors>° be issued 5 Baron for the said Hundred or Manor respectively, from Time to Time, issue his or their Precept ltuns

or Precepts, under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Courts respectively, or to such other Person or Persons to whom the Return of such Precepts shall, for the Time being, respectively belong, thereby commanding them to fumraon any Number of fit, able, discreet and indifferent Suitors, owing Suit and Service to the said Courts respectively, not exceeding twenty-four, nor less than twelve, to attend at the next Court to be then next held for the said Hundred or Manor respectively, and there to serve as Jurors or Homagers for the finding of Inquests, and taking of Inquisitions upon Processes to issue out of, or other Proceedings to be had in the said Courts Baron respectively, in Nature of Writs of Inquiry of Damages; and such Jury or Homage JUI7 to be continued du shall continue to serve as such during the Sitting of the same Court, or until they shall be difiniffed IT the Sitting of the by the Steward thereof, or his Deputy for the Time being. ourt'

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That in every of the said Precepts, the Names of the Persons The Names and proper so directed to be summoned for the finding of Inquests, or taking of Inquisitions as aforesaid, shall Addition of the Juror?, be written and expressed at full Length, with the Place of Abode and Addition of every such Person to be entered in thepre so directed to be summoned, to the End no Mistake may happen in the Description of them, or any cepcs"

of them; and thereupon every such Bailiff' or Bailiffs, or other Person or Persons to whom such Pre Summons to be made by cepts shall issue, shall forthwith summon the Person or Persons whom he or they shall be required to Personal Service, summon by such Precept or Precepts, by Writing under his or their respective Hands, thereby summoning or warning such Person and Persons to appear and serve as Jurors or Homagers at the then next Court; every such Summons or Warning to be made by personal Service of the said Summons, or by leaving the same at the dwelling houses or Places of Abode of such Persons respectively.

XXVIII. And be it also further enacted, That where twelve at the leaf! of the Suitors at the said Where 12 of the juror? respective Courts Baron, who shall have been duly summoned pursuant to such Precept of the re shall not appear, pective Stewards of the said Courts, or their Deputies or any of them, shall not appear at the said

respective.courts, in order to find Inquests and take Inquisitions upon such Processes issuing out of, or other Proceedings to be had in, the said respective Courts as aforesaid; that then, and in such Inquests may be taken by Case, such Inquests shall and may be found, and such Inquisitions shall and may be taken, by any any Suitors of the twelve Suitors of the said respective Courts Baron; and such Inquests and Inquisitions, as such Court

Suitors shall find or take thereupon, shall be good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been found or taken by twelve or more of the Suitors of the said Courts Baron respectively who shall have been summoned as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Suitor of the said respective Courts Baron, before he Suitor to be sworn before serves upon any such Inquest, and before he enters upon any Inquiry of Damages sustained by any be enters upon Inquest. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Plaint, Suit or Action depending in the said Courts Baron respectively.

tively, where interlocutory Judgement shall have been entered against the Defendant or Defendants, shall take the following Oath; that is to say,

6 X A. 1b. do swear, That I will well and truly inquire into and aitefs Damages between the Pare X ties, without Favour or affection.'

So help me God.

Steward of the Court may Fine Jurors for not attending.

Finea to be levied by Piftiefs and Sale,

and to be applied for the Ufs of his Majesty, &c.

Proceedings or Judgments of the Courts not removable,

but to be final and con clufn e;

Plaints in Replevin excepted.

All Persons reliant within the Jurisdiction of the Court may plead and be impleaded.

Jurisdiction of the Court not extended by this Act.

Proceeding of the Court in Real Actions not altered by this Act.

Jiurisdiction of the berj icmote, c. Courts, not altered by this Act.

Form of Precept fer Execution on Judgement.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person owing Suit and Service to the said Courts Baron respectively, who shall have been duly summoned pursuant to this Act to appear at the next Court to be held for the said Hundred or Manor, and there to serve as a Juror or Homager, either for the Trial of issues, or for the finding of Inquests, and taking of Inquisitions upon such Processes or Proceedings as aforesaid, shall make Default and actually refuse or wilfully neglect to appear after being three Times called in open Court; and upon Oath made in open Court by such Bailiff or Bailiffs, or by some other credible Person or Persons, that such Suitor so making Default had been duly summoned; and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron, or their Deputies, for the time being (unless reasonable Cause shall be shown to the contrary) to fine such Person so being a Suitor as shall so make Default, and actually refuse, or wilfully neglect, to appear, in any Sum not amounting to forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings; which said Fine or Fines, not being paid by the Space of ten Days after such Fine or Fines set, shall, together with the Costs of levying thereof, be recovered by Distress and sale of such defaulter's Goods and Chattles, byavarrant under the Hand and Seal of the Steward of the said respective Courts Baron, or his Deputy, and shall be applied to and for the use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Right aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty, no Plaint, Suit or Action to be entered or commenced in either of the said Courts Baron, or any Judgement or other Proceedings to be had thereupon, shall be removed or removable out of either of the said Courts Baron, by any Writ of Recordari facias Loquelam, Certiorari, false Judgement, or otherwise howsoever, but such Judgments as shall be respectively given in the said Courts respectively, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties whatsoever.

XXXII. Provided always, That all Plaints in Replevin shall be proceeded in and removable in the same Manner as if this Act had never been made.

XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Inhabitants and others residing within the said Jurisdictions respectively, as well Attorneys as others, to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded in the said Courts Baron respectively, in any Plaint, Suit or Action, where the Debt or Damages shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings; any Privilege, Exemption, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to enlarge, extend, or increase, or to diminish, lessen, restrain, or prejudice, the Jurisdictions of the said Courts Baron respectively, save in such Matters and Things as are in and by this Act expressly mentioned and declared.

XXXV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to abridge, change or alter the Proceedings in the said several Courts, in the Nature of a Real Action, but that such Proceedings may and shall be had therein, as were used and accustomed before the passing this Act.

XXXVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to abridge, change or alter the Jurisdiction or Proceedings in the Berghemote Courts, or Mineral Courts, or any of the Mineral Laws, Customs or Usages within the Hundred of High Peaky and Manor of Cajileton aforesaid, but that the same shall and may continue and be as were used and accustomed before the passing of this Act.

xaxvii. And be it enacted, That as well in all Cases where Judgement shall be given or pronounced in the said Courts Baron respectively, in any Plaint, Suit or Action, depending in the said Courts, or either of them, for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and Execution shall be thereon awarded, as in all other Cases where the said Courts Baron, or either of them, shall order or award any Costs, Damages, Charges, or Expences, or any Fine or Fines, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, to be paid, rendered or answered by any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, or other Person or Persons in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron for the Time being, and their Deputies respectively, at the Prayer of the Party or Parties interested therein, or of some other Person on his or their Behalf, or of their own Authority in Behalf of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, where his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall be interested therein, in such Right as aforesaid, to issue a Precept or Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals in the Nature of a Writ, either of Fieri facias or Levari facias, to be directed to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said respective Courts, or other proper Officer or Officers, thereby directing and requiring him or them to levy such Debt, Costs, Damages, Charges or Expences, Fine or Fines, Sum or Sums of Money, for which Judgement shall have been recovered against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendant;, or which such

3 Plaintiff

5°3

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 31.

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, or other Person or Persons, shall be so ordered or awarded to pay, render or answer as aforesaid j and such Bailiff and Bailiffs, and other proper Officer and Officers, is and are hereby authorised to levy and raise the Sum or Sums of Money to be mentioned in such Precept or Warrant, in the same Manner as any Sheriff may levy Money by virtue of any Writ of Fieri Facias issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXVIII. And be it also enacted, That as well in all Cases where Judgement shall be given or Form of Precept for ex pronounced in the said Courts Baron respectively, in any Plaint, Suit or Action depending in the ecut on by Attachment, said Courts, or either of them, for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and Execution shall be thereupon awarded, as in all other Cases where the said Courts Baron, or either of

them, shall order or award any Costs, Charges, Damages or Expenses, or any Fine, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, to be paid, rendered or answered by any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, or other Person or Persons, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may he lawful for the respective Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron for the Time being, or their Deputies respectively, at the Prayer of the Party or Parties interested therein, or of some other Person on his or their Behalf, or of their own Authority on Behalf of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, when is said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall be interested therein, in such Right as aforesaid, to issue a Precept or Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, in the Nature of a Writ of Capias ad satisfaciendum, to be directed to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said respective Courts, or other proper Officer or Officers, thereby directing and requiring him or them to attach and take the Body and Bodies of such Person and Persons against whom such Precept shall be issued as aforesaid, and to detain him and them in Prison under safe Custody, for the Space of three Calendar Months, or for such other or shorter Space of Time as shall be within the true Intent of any of the Provisions or Directions contained in this Act.

XXXIX. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons so being attached or taken in Person attached paying Execution by virtue or in pursuance of this Act upon any such Precept or Warrant, shall at any wpel, t ?nd Fees 10 be Time during his or their Imprisonment, or being in Custody as aforesaid, pay or tender the 1c are '

Sum or Sums of Money so fetor imposed, or awarded or directed to be paid by the said Courts Baron respectively, together with his or their Sees, and all other reasonable Costs to be incurred subsequent thereto, then he and they shall be forthwith discharged out of Custody, and suffered to go at large.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Execution by virtue or under the Authority Execution not iftuabie of this present Act shall issue or be taken out in any Plaint, Suit, or Action, where the Defendant" defaultofapptat* or Defendants in such Plaint, Suit or Action, shall have made Default in not appearing to the ori ance ofde endant* ginal Precept in such Plaint, Suit or Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by virtue of this Act shall have appeared for such Defendant or Defendants, and shall have declared against him or them, and shall have entered Judgement against such Defendant or Defendants by Default, unless it shall be vnless Notice be giv^n made appear to the Satisfaction of the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, or h, m Dec arauon llc their respective Deputies for the time being, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Plaint, Suit, or Action, shall have caused Notice in Writing to have been given to or left at the dwelling house or Place of Abode of such Defendant or Defendants, That a Declaration was filed against such Defendant or Defendants as aforesaid, at least five Days before the Court on which the Defendant or Defendants was or were, by virtue of this Act, or otherwise, to have pleaded to such Declaration.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously affront the said affront, ggor Courts Baron, or either of them, or be guilty of any Contempt or Disturbance in the said several d'hl "r f^n^tote^ta* Courts Baron, or either of them, during the Sitting of the Court, it shall and may be lawful to and ken into Custody j for the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, and his and their Deputy and Deputies respectively, to order such Person or Persons so offending, to be taken into the Custody of the Bailift' or Bailiffs, or ocher Officer or Officers there, belonging to or attendant on the said respective Courts; and such Bailiff or Bailiffs, Officer or Officers, is and are hereby authorised and required to take such Person or Persons into his or their Custody, and to detain him, her or them during the Sitting of the said respective Courts, and the respective Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron, or their Deputies may, if he or they shall think fit, impose a Fine upon the Person and maybe fined, or Persons so offending in the Premises as aforesaid, so as such Fine do not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied together with Costs, in such Manner as herein after mentioned, and be applied to and for the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Right aforesaid; and committed for non upon Nonpayment of such Fine or Fines as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the repayment' fp^dlive Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron, and their respective Deputies, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison, or to the Custody of any of the Bailifts or Officers attending the said Courts respectively, for any Space of Time not exceeding forty Days, unless he, she or they shall sooner pay the said Fine or Fines so implied as aforesaid; which Case, he, she or they on Payment of such Fine or Fines, shall be forthwith discharged out of Custody.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct, hinder or pre Persons obstructing of ver.t the Bailiffs or other Officers of the said Courts Baron respectively, or any of them, in the Exe ficer of the Court in: be cution of any Precept, Warrant or Summons, or other Process to be issuing out of the same Courts i0x^ceuj "dof his

Baron, to e CC

£04

Fine to be levied by Difhefs and Sale.

Offender not being a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the Court, may be committed, on Non payment.

Prison of the Court for the Hundred of High Peak, c.

Fees of Court,

Baron, or either of them, or otherwise, in the due Execution of their Office; or if such Bailiffs or other Officers of the said respective Courts Baron, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to make due Execution of the several Processes issuing out of the same Courts Baron respectively, or hall in any respect misbehave himself or themselves in the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and due Proof shall be made thereof in open Court to the Satisfaction of the respective Stewards of the said several Courts Baron, or their respective Deputies, upon the Oath of such Bailiff or Bailiffs, Officer or Officers, or other credible Person or Persons (which Oath and all other Oath and Oaths herein before mentioned or directed to be administered in the said respective Courts Baron, in pursuance of this Act, the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, or their respective Deputies, are hereby, from time to time, severally authorised and required to administer, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron, or their Deputies, to fine such Offender or Offenders in any Sum or Sums not exceeding forty Shillings; which Fine or Fines so to be fetor imposed, together with the Costs and Charges of levying thereof, shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the respective Stewards of the respective Courts Baron, or their Deputies, and be applied to and for the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Right aforesaid; if the Person or Persons so offending shall not be a Householder or Householders within the jurisdiction of such of the said Courts Baron in which such Fine or Fines shall be affelled or im posed, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron, or their Deputies, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison, or to the Custody of any of the Bailiffs or Officers of or belonging to the said respective Courts Baron for any Number of Days, not exceeding forty Days, unless such Fine or Fines shall be sooner paid; in which Case the Offender or Offenders shall be forthwith discharged out of Custody, and suffered to go at large.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Prison or Gaol for the Time being, kept by the Bailiff or Keeper of the Gaol of the Hundred of High Peak, or such other Place within the jurisdictions aforesaid, or either of them, as the Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron, or their Deputies shall from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, nominate or appoint, shall be and be used as and for the Prison or Gaol for the said Courts Baron, and in which all Persons who shall be taken in Execution, or be committed or detained by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall and may be kept in safe Custody; the said Bailiff or Keeper of the Gaol of the Hundred of High Peak, or his Deputy, and such other Person or Persons as hall by virtue of this Act be appointed Bailiff" or Keeper of such other Prison within the jurisdictions aforesaid, for the time being, or either of them, is and are hereby authorised and required to receive and detain all such Persons as shall be committed to his or their Custody by virtue of this act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Fees which shall be paid, had and taken by the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, or their Deputy or Deputies, and by the Bailiffs of, and other Persons practisfng in, the said several Courts, for or in respect of the Proceedings in any Plaint, Suit or action to be brought or depending, in the said Courts Baron respectively, in Conformity to this act, or of any other Matter herein contained, shall be such as herein after are mentioned; and no greater Fees shall be taken in respect thereof than as follows; that is to say.

FEES to be taken by the respective Stewards or their Deputies.'

FOR entering every Plaint, fourpence.

For every Summons thereon, fourpence.

For entering every defendant's Default, threepence.

For entering Appearance for every Defendant, eight Pence,

For filing every Declaration, six Pence.

For Copy of every Declaration, one Shilling.

For every Rule or Order to pay Money into Court, and receiving Money into Court, one Shilling.

For paying Money out of Court, six Pence.

For filing every Plea of General Issue, Special Plea, or Demurrer, six Pence.

For Copy of every Plea of General llfue, Notice of Special Matter, or Demurrer, one shi! ling.

For entering every interlocutory Judgement, one Shilling.

For every Precept to summon a Jury to inquire of Damages, eight Pence.

For impanelling and swearing the Suitors to make Inquiry, and for entering every Inquisition of Damages, three Shillings and fourpence.

For every final Judgement, one Shilling.

For every Execution, eight Pence.

For

C 31

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii

II

For entering every Issue, six Pence.

For every Precept in the Nature of Venire facias, eight Pence.

For every Subpoena for Witnesses, six Pence.

For impanelling and swearing the Jury or Homage in each Cause, and taking and entering each Verdict, three Shillings and fourpence, to be paid in equal Moieties between the Parties, Plaintiff and Defendant.

For administering each Oath for every different Purpose directed by this at, fourpence.

For entering every Judgement of non profs, for want of Declaration, or where the Plaintiff shall not in due Time proceed to Trial, shall discontinue his Action, shall be nonsuit, or have a ver dist against him, one Shilling.

For every Rule to discontinue any Plaint or action, six Pence.

For taking every Recognisance, one Shilling.

For every Warrant of Distress, upon a Fine to be levied of the offender's Goods, over and above such Fine, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment, six Pence.

For every Acknowledgment of Satisfaction, twopence.

For every Search in the Books, fourpence.

Attorneys or Agents FEES.

FOR entering every Plaint or Action with the Steward, one Shilling.

For drawing and ingrossing every Declaration, and Stamps, one Shilling and threepence.

For drawing Copy, and Service of every Notice of Declaration filed, Notice of executing Inquiry, or Notice of Trial, and every other Notice, six Pence.

For Copy of Rule for Payment of Money into Court, and Service, threepence.

For paying Money into Court, threepence.

The like for receiving Money out of Court, threepence.

For drawing and ingrossing every Plea, and Notice of Special Matter or Demurrer, and Stamps, one Shilling and threepence.

For each Ticket for Witnesses, threepence.

Service thereof on each Witness, six Pence.

For drawing Brief, and Copy, two Shillings and six Pence.

See, and attending Trial, five Shillings.

For every other Attendance in Court, two Shillings and six Pence.

Attending taxing Costs, six Pence.

Bailiffs FEES.

FOR serving every Precept or Summons, fourpence.

For calling every Default, one Penny.

For executing every Precept or Warrant, in nature of Fieri facias, Levari Facias, ox Capias ad satisfaciendum, two Shillings.

For summoning every Jury or Homage, for the Trial of any Issue, or for taking any Inquisition, one Shilling.

For executing every Warrant of Distress, upon Fine to be levied of the offender's Goods, over and above such Fine, and for executing every Warrant of Commitment, one Shilling.

For taking every Person into Custody, committed for Contempt in Court, one Shilling.

FEES to be taken by the Bailiffs or Gaoler, or other Person, to

whom any Person shall be committed by virtue of this Act., von

the Commitment of every Person, one Shilling.

On the Discharge of every Person out of Custody, six Pence.

A Table of which Fees shall be publicly hung up in the Court Houses, or Places where the said Table of fas tobebun? Courts Baron respectively shall be usually held. up in the respective S

Courts. - rz

XLV. And be it enacted, That all and every the Fines which shall be imposed, laid and made Fines to be entered in a by force or in pursuance of this af, shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose j such Entry to be made by the said Stewards, or their Deputies respectively for the Time being.

vol vnl

T t t

XLVI. Pro

3*

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

cated.

Stewards to take an Oath of Office.

and t\vo Suitors.

Stewards may appoint sufficient Deputies to act for them.

XLVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or extended to alter or change the Manner of appointing the Stewards of the said Courts Baron, or either of them, but the Appointments of such Stewards shall continue and be in the same Manner and Form, as they were appointed before the passing of this Act $ anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Appointments of present

XLVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed

Steward, c. not va to vaca^e or make void the Appointments of the present Stewards of the said several Courts

Baron, or either of them, or of his or their Deputy or Deputies, but that the same shall

continue and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as they were before the pasting of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all succeeding Stewards of the said several Courts Baron respectively, before they shall ast as such in pursuance of this Act, (except in appointing of Deputies as herein after is mentioned) shall severally take the following Oath in the same Courts Baron respectively (that is to say)

The Oath, ' T A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly execute the Office of Steward of the Court Baron

1 of for according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge;

and that I will not deny or delay Justice; and will not by myself, or knowingly, by my Deputies, Clerks, or Servants under me, or by any other Person or Persons, receive or take, or cause,

or permit or fuller to be received or taken in any Plaint, Suit or Action, brought or to be brought in Conformity to an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceeelings in Personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Castleton in the County of Derby 3 any greater or other Sees, than such as are directed to be taken in and by the said Act.'

So help me God.

Entry to be made thereof. Which Oath shall and may be administered by any two Suitors present, and shall be entered in the and signed by Stewards (Jourt Books kept for the said Courts Baron respectively, and signed by the said Stewards respectively, and attested by the Suitors present at the Administration thereof, or any two of them.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Stewards of the said several Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Castleton for the Time being respectively, to appoint one or more sufficient Deputy or Deputies, to act for them respectively in the Office of Steward of the said respective Courts Baron; which Deputies, in the Absence of the same Stewards respectively, shall have the same Authority as if the principal Stewards were themselves personally present respectively; shall from time to time be displaceable and removable, and shall accordingly be displaced and be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the respective Stewards of the said several Courts Baron for the Time being.

L Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Deputy Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, before he or they shall act as such in pursuance of this Act, shall take the Oath herein before directed to be taken by the principal Stewards of the said several Courts Baron, adding the Word (Deputy) before the Word (Steward) and leaving out the Word (Deputies) before the Word (Clerks) which Oath shall and may be administered by any two of the Suitors then present.

LI. Provided nevertheless, That from and immediately after the Displacing, Resignation, Re deputy to act nil a new jpova]' or Death, of any Principal Steward or Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron, and Steward is appointed. v/hen and so often as the Office of Principal Steward in either of the said Courts shall become vacant, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Deputy Steward and Stewards of such Courts for the Time being, to execute the Office of Principal Steward of such Courts, until such Time as another Steward shall be nominated or appointed to succeed in the Place of such Principal Steward, whose Office shall be then void.

Stewards and Deputies of

LII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and every succeeding Stewards of the said re spedlive Courts Baron, within six Months next after they shall respectively act as such in pursuance of this Act (except in the Appointment of any Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid) and also the present and all and every succeeding Deputy Stewards of the said Courts Baron respectively, wirhin six Months next after they shall respectively act as such in pursuance of this Act, shall take and subscribe the Oaths appointed to be taken in and by an Act of Parliament made in the first: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security' of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Ptincefs Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, in such Manner and torm as in and by the said Act is directed; also within the Times aforesaid respectively, receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the Declaration against: transub stantiation according to an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen from Popifl) Re cufunts; and in Default of taking the said Oaths, or of receiving the Sacrament, or of making and er they incur the Penal subscribing the said Declaration, in the Manner, and within the Times aforesaid respectively, every ties ard du"ihiiitie^ in such Steward and Deputy so offending shall incur such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as by by 1 he Lid Acts. said several Acts are respectively enacted and inflicted,

Deputy Stewards to take an Oath of Office.

In Cases of Vacancy,

the Courts to take the Oaths to his Majesty, and qualify themselves according to

Act i Geo. 1. c. 13.

and 15 Car. 2. c. 2.

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 32. 507

LIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make Oath, or give Evidence in Penalty of wilful and cor any Plaint, Suit or Action depending, or in any other Proceedings to be had in the several Courts, rut f>erj', ry* or either of them, whereby he, she or they shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted, then every such Person and Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is, are or shall be liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

LIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall at any Time hereafter be com Steward, oroff.cers of menced, brought or prosecuted against any Steward, Deputy Steward, Bailiff, Suitor, Officer ortlie Court bein lord' Minister of the said Courts Baron respectively, or against any other Person or Persons, for or in respect of his or their acting in pursuance of, or under the Authority of this act, then it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons respectively, in every such Action or Suit, to plead the General Issue, and give this at and the Special Matter in Evidence; and the Warrant or Precept may pjcad the Gsnersi under the respective Hands and Seals of the respective Stewards of the said Courts Baron, or their i'uc* respective Deputies, being duly proved in any Action or Suit, shall be deemed a sufficient Proof of the Authority of the said Courts Baron respectively, and of all other Proceedings in the said re spe£hve Courts, previous to the issuing of such Warrant or Precept; and in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not duly prosecute the same, shall have a Verdict pass against him or them, or shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, the Defendant or Defendants shall in any of the said Cases, be entitled to, and be allowed to recover Treble Costs Treble Costs of Suit.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Personal Action for the Recovery of any Debt where any Action hall or Damages, shall be commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons after the said c0imufor tdrbt°reco twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in any veraffe in the Courts of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere out of the said Courts Baron respectBaron, Plaintiff to be tively, and it shall appear to the Judge or Judges of the Court where such Action shall be tried, that nonsuited, and Defendant the Debt or Damages to be recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action doth not amount rec0vcr ruble Coils, to the Sum of forty Shillings; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall duly prove by sufficient Testimony to be allowed by any of the Judge or Judges of the Court where such Addon shall be tried, that at the Time of commencing such Action, such Defendant or Defendants was or were refiant within the Jurisdiction of either of the said Courts Baron, and was or were liable to be summoned or warned in either of the said several Courts Baron for such Debt or Damages; then and in such Case, unless the Judge or Judges who shall try such Cause shall in open Court cer unless the Judge certify tify in Writing under his or their Hands respectively, that there was a probable or reasonable Cause there was a probable of Action for forty Shillings, or more, or that the Freehold or Title to Lands or Tenements prin use for luc ^lon' cipally came in Question at such Trial, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not recover, but be nonsuited in such Action, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to, and be allowed, and recover Treble Costs of Suit.

LVI. Provided always, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Plaintiff may afterwards such Action, afterwards to proceed against such Defendant or Defendants for the Recovery of such ^ue^t°urts barn for his Debt or Damages in such of the said Courts Baron, within the Jurisdiction whereof the Dens e fendant or Defendants is or are refiant; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ILVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall be Public act* judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and Brandon Paver North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for im powering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying and being in the Township of Preamble;

Ely 'n the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and in the Parish of Littleport, within the said Isle; and also in the several Parishes of Mildenhall and Lakenheath in the County of Suffolk,

and Hcffay in the County of Norfolk, situate between the rivers of Mildenhall and Brandon, with in the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, containing in the Whole eighteen thousand Acres, or thereabouts, have for several Years past been, and still are overflowed with Waters,

1 through the Defect of their Outfalls to the Sea; by which Means the said Fen Lands and Low ' Grounds are rendered of very little or no Value, to the Loss of the Public, as well as the great Damage and Impoverishment of the Owners of such Lands, and_of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places where the same do lie: And whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds

Poundaty of the first

Distiidt.

Boundary of the second Piftrift.

commissioner for the tuft District,

to be annually defied.

cannot be drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament: And whereas same Parts of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying near the Highlands, are much higher in their Situation than the rest, and may be most conveniently drained into Mildenhall River fepnratelytherefore, to the End that the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be drained, improved and preserved. May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, intended to be drainej under the Powers and Autiorities of this present Act, hall be divided into two separate Districts or Divisions, in Manner following; that is to say, The first of the said Districts or Divisions shall contain all that Part of the said en L inds and Low Grounds, which are North West of an old Sewer called Baldwin s Load, and are bounded as follows; to wit, From Brandon Creek's End., by the East Bank of the River Oufi\ to prickvallow Bridge, and from thence by the North Bank of Mildenhall River, to the said Sewer called Baldwin's Loacf, and then along the said Load to the Outring Ditch of the Adventure Land taken out of Coplow Fen, end then by the said Ditch to the Ditch between Mildenhall Common and the Severals, and along the last mentioned Ditch to a Place called The Willows, and then along a drove way on the North Side of Lily Field to Beaver's Load, otherwise Earfwell Brook, and then along the West Side of the said Brook to Winter Load, and by the said Load and Lakenheath Old Load to Plant Load, and by Plant Load to the Adventure Land called Arkinjlall', and then through Arkinjlall Last Moor in Lakenheath and Lowell Moor to the Bank lately made by George Wright Esquire, and along the said Bank to the Adventure Land taken out of Redmoor Fen, and then by the Outring Ditch, on the South and West Sides of Redmoor Fen, to the South Bank of Brandon River, and along the last mentioned Bank to the River Ouse, at Brandon Creek's End aforesaid: the second District or Division hall contain that Part of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds on the South East of Baldwin's Load, lying in the said Parish of Mildenhall, amounting (over and above High and Skirt Grounds) to about three thousand four hundred Acres, which are bounded as follows; that is to say, From the South West End of Baldwin's Load, by the North Bank of Mildenhall River to the Hardlands of West Row, and then along the Skirts of the Hardlands of Mildenhall Rows to a drove way at the South West Corner of Litly Field, and from thence by the Skirts of the Hardlands of Holiwell Row and the Edge of the Harft, next Elden Lane, to Peaver's Load, otherwise Earfwell Brook, and along the West Side of the said Brook to a drove way at the North East End of Litly Field, and then along the said drove way, the Skirts of Litly Fields and the Willows, to the Ditch between Mildenhall Common and the Severals, and along the South Side of the said Ditch to the Outring Ditch of the Adventure Land taken out of Coplow Fen, and along the East Side of the last mentioned Ditch to Baldwin's Lead, and then along the South East Side of the said Load to the North Bank of mil 'denhall River, at the South West End of Baldwin's Load aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Bishop of Ely, the Lord, or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Littleport for the Time being, or in his, her or their Absence respectively, his, her or their respective Agent or Deputy, appointed by Writing under his, her or their respective Hands, an Agent appointed by the Dean and Chapter of Ely, under their Common Seal, and every Person who, for the Time being, hall be bona fide seized or post efted in his or her own Right, of three hundred Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this Act, lying within the said first District, not being Tenant at rack rent, or in the Absence of any such Person, his or her Agent, to be appointed under his or her Hand as aforesaid, and such other Persons as are hereby appointed and directed to be chosen for the Township of Ely, and the several Parishes of Littleport, Mildenhall and Lakenheath, hall be Commissioners for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned in Execution, within the said first District; and that James Harkness Esquire, Aungier Love Peacock, and Thomas Page, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Township of Ely \ Henry Morley junior, and Henry Tanjley, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Littleport; John Drage Esquire, and Robert Hanfiip, shall be the first commissioners for the said Parish of Mildenhall; and John Hayifiip shall be the first Commissioner for the said Parish of Lakenheath; and that these Persons shall continue Commissioners for the said first District, in respect of the said Township and Parishes, until the second Ttiefday in April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and that so many other Commissioners for the said District shall be yearly chosen at the shire house in Ely, by such Persons as, for the Time being, ball be bona fide seized or possessed in his or her own Right, of six Acres of taxable Land lying in the said District, belonging to each of the Towns of Ely and Mildenhall, as shall make in the Whole one Commissioner for every three hundred Acres of taxable Land in the said District belonging to those Towns respectively, which shall not be vested in the Corporation of Bedford Level at the Time of such Election; and also that so many other Commissioners for the said District shall be yearly chosen in the Parish Church of Littleport, by such Persons as shall be bona fide seized or possessed, in his or her own Right, of six Acres of taxable Land in the said District, belonging to each of the Parishes of Littleport and Lakenheath, as shall make in the Whole one Commissioner for every three hundred Acres of taxable Land in the said District, belonging to those Parishes reflectively, not inverted as aforesaid; Commissioners for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and for every succeeding Year, to be chosen upon the second Tuesday in April: And the Election of every such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be certified under the Hands of a major Part of the

Electors

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 32.' 509

Electors present at such Eieeuon to the next General Meeting of the said Commissioners: And in case Neglect or Default shall be made in the choosing Commissioners, in respect of the said town ship or any of the said Parishes, then the persons who were Commissioners for the preceding Year, in respect of the Township, Parish or Parishes where such Neglect or Default shall happen, shall continue Commissioners in respect of the same, until other Commissioners shall be chosen as aforesaid in respect thereof, upon the second Tuesday in April in the next or some succeeding Year.

III. And also be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be Agents may be appointed. Iona side seized or possessed as aforesaid of three hundred Acres or more, of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, over and above such three hundred Acres as is before mentioned, may, and every such Person is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, one Agent for every three hundred Acres of such Land that such Person shall be so seized or possessed of, over and above the first mentioned three hundred Acres as aforesaid, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said first District; and also that all and every the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the several and respective Manors for the Time being, who shall be bona fide seized or possessed as aforesaid, of three hundred Acres or more, of Land taxed by virtue of this Act, may, and every such Owner is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, an Agent for every three hundred Acres of such Land that such Lord or Lady shall be so seized or possessed of as aforesaid, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said first District; and that all and every Person and Persons so appointed shall, during the Pleasure of the said respective Owners, and the Time that such Owners shall be so seized or possessed as aforesaid, likewise be, and he is hereby appointed a Commissioner for the said first District, together with the Persons before mentioned, for putting this Act, and all and every the Powers and Authorities herein contained in Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or La Commissioners for the dies of the Manors of Mildenhall and Afpalls in Mildenhall, for the Time being, or his, her or their fecoud ' n*Deputy, to be from Time to Time appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under his, her or their

Hand or Hands, the Vicar of Mildenhall for the Time being, or his Deputy, to be from Time to Time appointed by Writing under his Hand, and every Person who shall be bona fide seized or possessed, in his or her own Right, of two hundred Acres of Land, taxed by virtue of this Act, lying within the said second District, not being Tenant at rack rent, or in the Absence of any such Person, his or her Agent, to be appointed under his or her Hand as aforesaid, Barham Rushbrooke Esquire, Elifiha Bificoe Esquire, Isaac Cook, Richard Hufik, Abraham Bird senior, Jofieph Ellington,

Thomas Coe, John Fuller, Thomas Swale and Ifiaac Fox, together with the Persons appointed and to be chosen as herein after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned, in Execution, within the said second District.

V. And also be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall Agents may be appointed, be bona fide seized or possessed as aforesaid of two hundred Acres or more, of Land taxed by virtue of this act, over and above such two hundred Acres as is before mentioned, may, and every such Person is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, one Agent for every two hundred Acres of such Land that such Person shall be so seized or possessed of, over and above the first mentioned two hundred Acres as aforesaid, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said second District; and also that all and every the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said several and respective Manors for the Time being, who shall be bona fide seized or possessed as aforesaid of two hundred Pounds or more, of Land taxed by virtue of this act, may, and every such Owner is hereby authorised to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, an Agent for every two hundred Acres of such Land that such Lord or Lady shall be so seized or possessed of as aforesaid, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the said second District; and that all and every Person and Persons so appoined, shall during the Pleasure of the said respective Owners, and the Time that such Owners shall be so seized or possessed as aforesaid, likewise be, and he his hereby appointed a Commissioner for the said second District, together with the Persons before mentioned, for putting this Act and all and every the Powers and Authorities herein contained in Execution.

VI. And for supplying and continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this New Commissioners of Act in Execution within the said second District, Be it further enacted by the Authority afore feeond di/tria to be said, That upon the Death, Disqualification, Resignation or Refusal to act of any of the said ng o^becum

Commissioners herein before named for the said second District (other than and except the Lord or; nj dtfqualifkd i ° Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manors of Mildenhall and Afpalls r Mildenhall, or his, her or their respective Deputy, to be appointed as aforesaid, the Vicar of Mildenhall, and his Deputy to be appointed as aforesaid, and the Persons seized or possessed of two hundred Acres as aforesaid, or their Agents) it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining Commissioners of the said District, and for alj and every other Person and Persons, who, for the Time being, shall be bona fide seized or possessed, in their own Right, of twelve Acres of Fen Lands, for which they pay the Taxes to be imposed by virtue of this Act, lying within the said second District, or the major Part of them assembled at such Meetings so to be held as aforesaid for the aid District, to elect and choose, from Time to Time, one or more fit Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place or Places of such of the said Commissioners as shall so die, be dii quali fied, resign, or refuse to act; and every such new commissioner ^r Commissioners, to be from Time to Time elected and chosen as aforesaid, shall have the like power.and authority to act. and do, in

all

5*°

Tinir qu.lifkation.

corr.m'filoncre to make Cues, &c.

erect Engines,

(except, &c.)

make saijsfaftien for Damages.

Meetings of the commissionc; 3.

ofecers to be appointed

C 32. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

all Things relating to the Premises, as the Commissioners before named for the said District are authorised and tmpowred to do by virtue of this Act (which Order and Method shall hereafter be observed as to the Choice of Commissioners for the said District, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require); and every such Election and Choice of any new Commissioner shall be entered and registered gratis, by the Collector or Receiver of the said District, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person (except the Lord Bishop of Ely, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the several and respective Manors of Littleport, Mildenhall and Afpalls in Mildenhall, the Vicar of Mildenhall, and the Deputies or Agents to be appointed as herein is directed) shall be enabled to act, sit or meet as a Commissioner for either of the said Districts or Divisions, unless he be Owner of twenty-four Acres of Land lying within such District respectively, and pay the Taxes that shall be imposed by virtue of this Act for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or their Successors, in their respective. Districts or Divisions, are hereby authorised, and shall have Power, from Time to Time, to make such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels and Outlets, through the said Fens and Low Grounds, or any Part thereof, so bounded and described as aforesaid, and to erect such Works and Engines thereupon for draining and conveying the Waters from the same, as shall be thought fit, necessary and convenient, by the said Commissioners, or any seven more of them, in their respective Districts or Divisions, at the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners herein after appointed for the Purposes aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Commissioners to erect any Mill or Engine within the Distance of one Mile from any Decoy now in being for wildfowl.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for either of the said Districts shall make, or cause to be made, any Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank, Tunnel or Outlet, through any several Grounds, or erect any new Work or Works thereupon, then they shall pay a reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who hath or have a Right to the Soil through which such Cut, Drain, Dam, Bank, Tunnel or Outlet shall be made, or whereupon such Work or Works, Engine or Engines shall be erected for the Damages such Person or Persons shall sustain, and as shall be agreed upon between the said respective Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the Person or Persons having such Right as aforesaid: if the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and such Person or Persons, cannot agree about the Amount of such Damage, that then the same shall be afiessed, adjudged and finally determined by the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County of Cambridge, if the Damage be done within the jjle of Ely, or the next Quarter Session to be held at Lynn or S was ham for the County of Norfolk, if the Damage be done within the said County, or at Saint Edmund's Bury, for the County of Suffolk, if the Damage be done within that County.

XI. And for the better putting this Act in Execution, Be it further enacted, That the commissioners for each of the said Districts, or any seven or more of them respectively, shall meet twice in every Year; to wit, the Commissioners for the first District at some public Place in Ely or little port., to be appointed by them the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, upon the Friday following the first Sunday after the eleventh Day of April, and the third Friday in October, or oftener, if they see a Cause; their first General Meeting to be at the Shire House in Ely, on the third Friday after the pasting this Act; their second Meeting to be at Littleport; and all succeeding Meetings to be at Ely and Littleport alternately (except the Meeting on the aforesaid Friday following the first Sunday after the eleventh Day of April, which shall always be held at Ely) and the Commissioners for the second District at some public House in mildenhall to be appointed by them the said Commissioners, or any. seven or more of them, upon the first Thursday in May, and first Thursday in November, or oftener, if they see Cause; their first Meeting to be at the Cock in Mildenhall, on the fourth Thursday after the pasting this Act; and at such Meetings the said Commissioners shall respectively. have full Power and Authority to make Orders, and give Directions for the better and more orderly Management of the Work of draining the said Fens and Low Grounds, and for making proper Cuts and Drains through the same, and for making and crcdting

proper Works and Engines thereupon, and for the Maintenance thereof; and also to appoint one or more Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receiver, or such other proper Officer or Officers in each of the said Divisions, as they the said Commissioners shall respectively think fit, for taking care of such Works, and for collecting the Rates or Assessments which shall be made or assessed for the Maintenance thereof; and to allow and appoint to be paid to such Officers, out of the said Rates or aftcftments, such yearly or other Wages or Salaries for their Trouble and Pains in their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners respectively, or the major Part of them present at such Meetings, shall think reasonable; and shall also have Power, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to remove any such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, and to ap p< int another or others in his or their Room and Stead, as Occasion shall require: And such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, before they act in the Execution of their several Offices', give to the Commissioners of the District for which they serve, such Security for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and for performing the several

Trusts

5"

Truststothem committed, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting, shall in their Discretion think fit.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That towards the defraying the Expenses Commissioners to be

of the said Commissioners, upon Account of their Attendance at any of the Meetings to be held as Pad one Shilling each aforesaid, for putting this Act in Execution, the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, shall be paid*

by the respective Collector or Receiver of the Rates and Taxes, to each of the said Commissioners

present at any such Meeting, and shall be allowed, in the Accounts of such Collector or Receiver as so much Money paid for the Purposes of this Act; but so that the whole Expense, at any one Meeting, shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Shillings; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And, for carrying on and effecting the said Work of draining, and securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for that Purpose, Be it enacted, That all and Angular the Fen Lands and Low Ground within the said first District, and all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds, shall be, and the same are hereby rated, a fie fled, taxed and charged during the first seven Years, to be computed from the Feast of Saint John the Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty, with the yearly Sum of one Shilling, and after the Expiration of the said seven Years, with the yearly Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, for every Acre of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so long as any Money, which shall at any Time have been borrowed for the Purposes of this Actor the Interest thereof, shall remain unpaid; and when there shall be no such Debt remaining, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said District, or any seven or more of them, at any such half yearly Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax and charge all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, with such yearly Sum, not exceeding one Shilling per Acre, as they shall judge necessary for completing and maintaining the said Works within the said Arft District; also that all and Angular the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said second District, and all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds, shall be, and the same are hereby rated, assessed, taxed and charged during the Arft three Years, to be computed from the Feast of Saint John the Baptist before mentioned, with the yearly Sum of two Shillings, and after the Expiration of the said three Years, with the yearly Sum of one Shilling and Axe Pence for every Acre of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, so long as any Money which shall at ariy Time have been borrowed for the Purposes of this Actor the Interest thereof, shall remain unpaid j and when there sit all be no such Debt remaining, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said District, or any seven or more of them, at any such half yearly Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax and charge all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, with such yearly Sum, not exceeding one Shilling per Acre, as they shall judge necessary for completing and maintaining the said. Works.

XIV. Provided always, That no Assessment, Rate, or Tax shall be made, collected, or lehigh Land?, c. incl'u vied, upon the Hardlands of Sheppy, Dudley, or Kenny Hills, or upon any other Highlands with <3edin Schedule, exempts in the Boundaries aforesaid, which have not been subject to Inundations, nor upon the bor ed from Taxes dering or Skirt Lands which are particularly described in the Schedule to this Act annexed;

but all the said Lands shall be for ever exempted from all Taxes to be assessed, rated or charged by virtue of this Act.

XV. Provided also, That no Assessment, Rate or Tax shall, during the Arft seven Years after Lands dusint0 Turf the making this Act, be made, collected or levied upon any Lands within the said Arft District, Eools exepted for which are now dug out into Hod or Turf Pools, and shall lie unoccupied; but in case any Lands o/contimie/ dug so dug shall be occupied, or if any Turf shall be dug therein during the said Term of seven Years, into Turf; and if so to then the same shall be assessed, rated and charged for all the Remainder of the said Term, with the pay half Taxes.

same Rates and Taxes wherewith the other Fen Lands in the said District shall be charged by virtue of this Act. '

XVI. And whereas the poor Inhabitants of Mildenhall have certain Commons, called Peter Peter Fen and Coplow 1 Fen and Coplow Delves, within the Limits of the said Arft District, wherein they dig their Win Delves to Pay halftaxeo teris Firing, and as charging the said Lands with the same Tax as is hereby imposed on other only

Lands within the said District, would be taxing them more than they are able to pay p It s hereby further enacted, That thfe said Lands shall never be taxed or charged with more han Half of the Tax vyherewith other Lands within the said District are or shall be charged by virtue of this Act.!

XVII. And whereas some of the poor Inhabitants of Mildenhall make considerably more Use Commissionerj to let of the said Common and Lands than others of them do. by reason whereof, and of the great Part of such Lands for Number of Poor who use the same, it would be very difficult to collect the Taxes charged there fa?ment 0^uch taxw' upon from the Poor themselves Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners for putting this Act ip Execution, to sever so much of the said Commons and Lands rom the rest thereof, as shall be suffi eient to raise the Taxes charged thereupon, and to let the same rom Year to Year and in case Default be made in Payment of the Rent due for such Part thereof 3 severed and let, the said Commissioners, and their Successors, Thai) have the same Powers for movering the Rent foin Arrear, that other Landlords have by the Laws and Statutes of this calm. 1

512 C 32. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

No Taxes to be paid for

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Assessment Rate or Tax shall be

i.aa sabove litlydrove made, collected or levied, upon any of the Lands above Litly Droveway, and that the Waters drain' — V iy; and the Waters ing {roni tie fajt} Lands shall be permitted, without the Interruption of the Commissioners for either

f rr.m thnio I mhc to^1 J»1.

the Severals.

Owners of the Land to maintain the Bank next leaver's Load 5 in De de auk thereof, com in 1.mners to repair tyre same, and levy the Charge.

run through thevrip to run through a Place called the Grip, at the South Welt End of Litly Droveway, and

into the Ditch between from thence by their usual Course, into and along the Ditch between Mildenhall Common and the miucnhailcommon and Severals, which divides the two Distritfts, and to be conveyed from thence, with the Delf Waters, through the first Districft, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the said first District shall think proper; but the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands next Peaver's Load, shall keep and maintain the Bank on the West Side of the said Load, now kept and maintained by them, cf a fufrcient Height and Strength to prevent the Waters of the said Load from flowing through the said Lands into the Lands intended to be drained by virtue of this Act: And in case any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Lands adjoining to the abovementioned Bank, shall refuse or neglect sufficiently to maintain the said Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of either District, or any seven or more of them respectively, to employ Workmen sufficiently to repair the same, and by Warrant under their Hands to authorise or empower their respective Collector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons, to levy and raise the Charge and Expense of doing thereof by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattles as shall at any Time thereafter be found on the Lands and Grounds to which such Part of the Bank so repaired shall adjoin or belong; rendering the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale (if any) to the Owner thereof.

XIX. And whereas it will be necessary, in order to the draining the said Districts separately

a Bank should be made either on the North West or South East Side of Baldwin s Load: And whereas the Lands on the South East Side of the said Load are more hard and firm, and in better

Condition to erect a Bank upon, than the Lands on the opposite Side of the said Load; and the

Proprietors of the Lands in the Second District are willing to be at the Expense of erecting and maintaining a Bank on the South East Side of the said Load, rather than to have the Waters of the aforesaid Grip and Delves thrown upon them by a Bank being made on the opposite Side thereof

Bank to ae made by the ge^therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Set

'oncthe s' E c°nd District shall make and maintain a Bank on the South East Side of baldwin's Load, of sufficient

Side of baldwin's Load. Height and Strength to prevent the Waters (except such Waters as shall overflow by the Breach of Banks maintained by the Corporation of Bedford Level) draining oft' the Lands in the Second District

from flowing into or annoying any of the Lands in the First District: if the Commissioners for the said Second District shall refuse or neglect to make and sufficiently maintain a Bank on the South East Side of the said Load, then it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners of the First District to make such a Bank on the North West Side thereof, up to the Hardlands of Mildenhall or Undley Commons, as they shall find necessary; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Money may be borrowed; XX. And, to the End that a sufficient Sum of Money maybe speedily raised for the purposes of this.

Act; Be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the said first District, or any nine or more of them, and the Commissioners for the said second Division, or any seven or more of them shall have full Power and Authority, at any of their respective Meetings to be held as aforesaid, from time to time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged, or to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said respective Districts or Divisions, and every or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of the assign ments to be paid out of the said Taxes) as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums, with Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums, his, her or their Trustee or Trustees; that out of the Money to be borrowed for the said Second District, there shall, in the first Place, be paid to the Commissioners of the first District the Sum of one hundred and thirty Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of obtaining this Act of Parliament; and that the Commissioners of the said First District shall, out of the said one hundred and thirty Pounds to be paid to them as aforesaid, and out of the first Money which shall be borrowed for the said First District, pay and discharge so much and such Part of the Charges and Expenses of obtaining this Act, as shall remain unpaid after the Application of the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds, which the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens have agreed to advance, towards discharging of the said Charges and Expenses; and that the Residue of the Money io to' be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in making such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks Tunnels, and Outlets, and erecting such works and Engines as will be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money to be assessed by virtue of this Act upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in each of the said Districts or Divisions, shall be charged and chargeable, in the first Place, with the Payment of the principal Money so to be borrowed for the Service of such District or Division respectively; the Interest of such Money from time to time shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof j and the said Creditors, their 2 Executors,

Application thereof.

Taxes charged with the Money borrowed, and in Default of Payment, to vest in the Creditors;

1

5 1 3

Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Power, Rights and privi eges of raising and recovering the several Taxes and Sums of Money payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, for and in respect of such principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners or their Collectors could have had, in case the said Principal and Interest: had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, to whom any Alignment of the said Rates and to be afllgnabie bj and Taxes shall be made for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money lent as aforesaid, or who Endorsement.

shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall have full Power, from time to time, by Endorsement on the original Grant or Security, without Stamps, to assign or transfer the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk ortreasurer is hereby required to make, upon producing such Alignment and Payment of one Shilling for the said Entry) shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns, to the said principal Sum and all the Interest due or to grow due thereupon; and such Assignee or Assignees may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties queries, as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment being entered as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so rated and taxed as aforesaid, Recovery of Taxes, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Tax charged upon him, her or them respectively, within the Space of twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment to be appointed by the said Commissioners (public Notice thereof being affixed upon the Market Cross at Ely for the First District, and upon the Market Cross at Mtldenball for the Second District, by the Collector or Receiver of the said respective Districts for the Time being) it shall be lawful for such Collector or Receiver respectively, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, in their respective Districts or Divisions, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy the Sum or Sums so assessed and rated by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattles as shall be found upon all or any of the Grounds and Premises so charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, if any Distress can be found thereon; and the Goods and Chattles so distrained

to keep by the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Owner or Owners shall not, within the said Space of five Days, pay the Sum or Sums so assessed or rated, that then the Goods and Chattles so distrained shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants of the Parish where the same shall be taken, or other sufficient Persons, and be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus (if any be) coming by such Sale, after the Sum or Sums so rated and assessed, and the Charges of taking, keeping, and selling the said Distress are deducted, shall be returned to the Owner of Owners thereof, upon Demand: And the several and respective Tenants of all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, bounded and described as aforesaid, which are or shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this Act, are hereby required

and authorised to pay the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so assessed and charged upon such Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and to deduct out of the Rent so much of the said af feflment or Rate as the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or the Tenant or Tenants in respect thereof, are or shall be assessed or rated at; and the Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rent; and every Tenant, paying such assessment or Rate, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment or Rate shall amount to, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Rents of such Lands or Grounds; except where there is a Lease for three or more Years to come, from the Commencement of this Act, in which Case, the Proportion of the Assessment or Rate which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in Confederation of the Benefit he receives, shall be adjusted and awarded by seven or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, within their respective Districts or Divisions j but the Taxes or Assessments for and in respect of the Farm and Lands, called Sheppey Farm, or Sheppey Dairy, shall always be paid and born by, and in case of Nonpayment, levied upon the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Farm and Lands, and not by the Landlords thereof; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

xxiprovided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Taxes Taxes aftefled upon the which are or shall be assessed by virtue of this Act, upon the Lands of Ann Brajjet, Widow, Lands of Ann Braflet, to now leased, for the Term of her Life, to Thojnas Smith, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, be p*ld by til0mas shall, during the said Lease, be paid and born by the said Thomas Smith, his Executors, Admi smith' nistrators, or Assigns, and not by the said Ann Brajfett; anything herein before contained to, the contrary notwithstanding,

XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Fen Lands to remain assecu»Lands and Low Grounds shall, at any Time hereafter, be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no rity for Taxes in Ariear; sufficient Distress can be found for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for Payments thereof; and all Goods and Chat vol. VIII U uu tels,

and to be let to satisr'y the ftitit.

Owners to keep Outring or Division Dikes good; sr.d in Default commissioners to do the same, and recover the Charges.

Penalties on destroying Works,

cr making Watering

Plaits, or driving u, on the Bank.

tels which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised and sold, in Manner aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges of such Dili refs shall be fully paid and satisfied: also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said respective distri(5ls for the Time being, to enter upon and let the same Lands and Grounds, to be mown and fed from Year to Year only, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same, and to take the Rents and Profits thereof for the Use of the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, until all Arrears of the said Taxes! Rates and Charges shall be fully satisfied and paid; rendering the Overplus of such Rents and Profits (if any) after the discharging such Arrears, to the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, to which any leading Outring or Division Dyke doth or shall belong, hath or have filled up, or shall fill up, or make any Way over the same, without laying a Efficient Titnnel under it, or shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open or repair such leading Outring or Division Dyke, after twenty-one Days Notice given to him, her or them for that Purpose by the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers for the Time being, appointed by virtue of this Act; then it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to caufb such Dyke to be roded, scoured and cleansed in a Efficient Manner; and where there is not a Efficient Tunnel under such Ways, to cause those Ways to be taken up, and made so wide and deep as the Dyke ought to be; and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of seven or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in their respective Districts or Divisions, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, to make as Occasion shall require) to levy the Charge thereof upon the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their goods and Chattles upon the Ground and Premises to which such Dyke or Dikes, Way or Ways, doth or do, or shall respectively belong (over and above the other Rates and Taxes chargeable or to be charged upon the same Ground and Premises by virtue of this Act) rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, when demanded, after all Charges paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, wilfully or maliciously cut the Bank against peaver's Load, above Litly Droveway, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, every Person so convicted shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied by distress.and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom such Conviction shall be had; five Pounds thereof to be employed in carrying on the Works and Improvements in and upon the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said first District; and five Pounds thereof to be employed in carrying on the Works and Improvements in and upon the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said second District; and for want of such Efficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders final], by the said Justice, be committed to the House of Correction, or Common Gaol for the said County of Suffolk, for any Time not exceeding two Months: And if any Person flail wilfully or maliciously cut, throw down or destroy any of the Banks, Works or Engines so to be made or erected as aforesaid, or by any ways hinder, obstruct, or lay open any of the Cuts, Drains, or other Works, to be made for draining or improving the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds as aforesaid, and shall he convicted of Ech Offence, upon Oath, before two of the Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, if the Offence shall be committed within the said Isle, or before two Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Suffolk or Norfolk, respectively, if the Offence shall be committed in either of the said Counties; every Person so convicted thereof shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two of the said Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to be employed in carrying on the Works and Improvements in and upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the District or Division where Ech Offence is or shall be committed; and for want of Ech sufficient Distress, Ech Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Justices, be committed to the common Gaol of the said isle of Ely, or Counties of Suffolk or Norfolk respectively where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, for any Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices: And if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously set fire to, burn, or otherwise destroy any of the said Engines to be erected as aforesaid, and be thereof lawfully convicted, Ech Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of helony: And the Court, by or before whom Ech Person shall he tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to transport such Felon for seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time make, or cause to be made any Watering Place, or Place of accel's, for Cattle to drink, in any of the Mill Drains within the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or shall continue to use any such Watering Plate already made, after Notice in Writing to the contrary thereof given to him, her or them,

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 32. 515

them, by any two or more of the said Commissioners; or if any Person or Persons flaall drive, or cause to be driven, any Wagon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon any Bank which shall be made or maintained by virtue of this at (unless such Bank hath been of Right used as a cart way, or be made upon a common drove way, and a sufficient Passage shall not be left along the Side of the said Bank); every Person or Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before one Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Offence shall be committed as aforesaid, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Shillings, to the said Commissioners, to be applied as aforesaid, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Juif ice before whom such Conviction shall be made.

XXIX. And in order that the Mills or Engines to be erected or employed by virtue of this Act, Concerning Trees and may the better answer the Purposes for which they were intended; Be it further enacted by the Au Hclts*

thority aforesaid, That no Trees or Holts shall be planted, or Building erected, nearer to any Mill or Engine erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, than one hundred and fifty Yards:

And if any Trees or Holts shall be planted, or Building hereafter erected, within the Distance aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause such Trees or Holts to be taken up and carried away, and such Building to be pulled down and removed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more or them, to cause any Trees or Holts which shall be growing within the Distance of one hundred and fifty Yards from any Mill, to be erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, at the Time such Mill or Engine shall be first erected or used, to be cut down; making such Satisfaction to the Owner of such Trees or Holts as Hull be agreed upon between such Owner and the said of or any seven or more of them, or as shall in case of any Difference be ascertained by the Justices of the Peace within six Months after cutting down such Trees or Holts, at any Quarter seilion to be held for the County of Cambridge, if the Damage be done within the Isle of Ely; or at any Quarter session to be held at Lynn or Swaffham for the County of Norfolk, if the Damage be done in the said County; or at Saint Edmundsbury for the County of Suffolk, if the Damage be done in that County.

XXX. And to the End that the Banks to be raised or maintained by virtue of this Act may be Moles to be destroyei, the better preserved; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds adjoining or near to such Bank or Banks, shall neglect or refuse to catch or destroy the Moles in such Lands, after ten Days Notice given to him, her or them for that Purpose, by any Officer appointed by any two of the said Commissioners, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to employ some Person or Persons to catch and destroy the same; and by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, to make as Occasion shall require) to levy the usual Charge of catching such Aides by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, which shall be found upon the Grounds and Premises respectively wherein such Moles shall be caught, over and above the other Rates and Taxes charged, or to be charged upon the same by virtue of this Act, and in the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes are herein before directed to be levied, together with the Charges of making, keeping and selling such Distress; rendering the Overplus, if any be, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, after all Charges paid.

XXXI. And whereas Part of the said Fen Lands lying near the Skirts of the Highlands, are Stanches may be erettrd, ' higher in their Situation than the.rest, and it is apprehended that such Lands, if the Sewers should lie in common, may be made too dry by such Time as the lowest Lands are well drained Therefore for the avoiding this Inconvenience, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to erect Stanches or over falls at proper Places in the Drains or Dikes leading from such Lands, as they the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, judge necessary for the keeping up a sufficient Head of Water for the Benefit of such Lands.

XXXII. And to the Intent that the Taxes charged upon the Lands in the second District may For presenting immoder not be diminished, but be well and duly paid, Be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall rate turf digging, dig, or cause to be dug, into Hods or Turf any of the Fen Lands or Low Grounds, within the said second District taxed by virtue of this Act, more than one Turf deep, of the usual Length of eighteerf' inches, from the Moor Head, before the Expiration of thirty Years after the last or former digging thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of any two or more of the Commissioners for the said District, to go upon the Premises, and to throw the said Hods or Turf so cut into the Pools or Pits from whence the same were taken, and to fill the said Pools or Pits with the said Turf, and other Earth, which shall have been taken thereout.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money, which shall at any Time by virtue of this Separate Application of Act be raised on that Part of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds which lie within the said first Taxes in ewhdiftrift, District or Division, shall be applied to the Uses and Purposes of draining and improving the Lands

U u u 2 1 \ in

1

Accounts how to be kept and entered.

Riphts of the Lords of Manors refeived.

Riphts of the Corporation of Bedford Level reserved.

Recital of Arts 15 & 20 Car. 2. C 17. relating to Bedford Level Corporation, ct

in that District or Division only; and that the Money, which shall be raised on such Part of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as lie within tide second District or Division, shall be applied to the Uses and Purposes of draining and improving the Lands in that District or Division only.

XXXIV. And to the End it may appear clearly what Money has been raised from time to time by virtue of this Act, and that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be satisfied that the Moneys so raised have been duly applied; Be it further enacted, That once in every Year, on one of the Days herein before appointed for the Meeting of the said commissioners, Inspection shall be had by the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in their respective Districts, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Money as shall have been raised by virtue of this Act, to the twenty-fifth Dav of March then next preceding; and all Accounts relating to the same shall be then, or within ten Days after, made up and settled by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them then assembled at such Meeting as aforesaid; which Times the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of their respective Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination thereof upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to ad mini(ler) the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to allow and pass the said Accounts as they shall think fit, or such Part or Parts of the same as they shall see just and reasonable: And such Account or Accounts for the said first District or Division, or such Part or Parts of them as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in three several Books to be kept for that Purpose of which shall remain with the Commissioners for that district or Division, one shall be kept in the Parish Church of: Trinity in Ely, and the other in the Parish Church of Littleport aforesaid: such Account or Accounts for the said second District or Division, or such Part or Parts of them as shall be so allowed by the said Commissioners or any seven or more of them, under their Hands, shall be fairly entered in two several Books, to be likewise kept for that Purpose; whereof shall remain with the Commissioners for that district or Division, and the other shall be kept in the Parish Church of Mildenhall aforesaid: any of the said Books shall and may be inspected and perused, without Fee or any other Reward, at any Time, at seasonable Hours, by any Person requiring the same, being an Owner of any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds in the district or Division to which such Book does belong.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That all such Right or Rights as any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred, or Half Hundred, have heretofore had within his or their respective Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred, or Half Hundred, within or without the said Boundaries, to Waifs, Estrays, Felons Goods, Privileges of Arrests, Escheats, and all Royalties, not prejudicial to Draining, be thereby saved to them, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns severally and respectively; anything in this act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, by virtue of an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Lens, called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Actor Statute whatsoever; that all Rights, Powers and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiff's and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiff's and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never been made.

XXXVII. And whereas by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, ' it was, among other Things enacted, That the Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Great Level should have Power to lay Taxesupon the ninety five thousand Acres of Land, al loted as a Recompense for the draining of the said Great Level, for the Support, Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Level, and to levy the same, with Penalties for Nonpayment; and that the said Governor, Bailiff's and Conservators should have Power to sell so much of such Parts and Proportions of the said ninety five thousand Acres, upon which any Tax should be in Arrear, or Penalties, in such Proportion as the said Governor, Bailiff's and Conservators should

to be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Penalties: And whereas several Parcels of the said ninety five thousand Acres of Land were, at different Times, put up to Sale, in pursuance and according to the Directions of the before recited Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Southeast cond, and of one other A CL passed in the twentieth Year of the said King Charles the Second,

intituled, An Act for the taxing and ajfejfing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Levi of the Fens, in order to raise the Taxes and penalties in Arrear for and in respect of the said Lands; but the same not being thought worth the Taxes and Penalties due thereon, such lands could not he sold, so as to raise such Penalties and Taxes; and the said Governor, Bailiff's and Conservators, having

directed

517

A.D. 1759. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 32.

directed their Officers, from time to time, to bid for such Lands as could not be sold for the Amount of the Taxes and Penalties respcilively due thereon, they the said Officers became the Purchasers of such Lands, and have either conveyed the same to the Lid Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, or declared such Purchases to have been made in Trust for the said Corporation,

and the Lands so purchased remain verted in the said Corporation, and are called Invested Lands,

and have been annually rated and artefi cd to the Taxes laid upon the said ninety five thousand Acres, according to their respective Proportions, in pursuance of the said acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second; but such Taxes not having been raised or paid, the said Corporation have, from time to time, let such Inverted Lands, or such Parts of them as they could find Tenants for, at such Rents as could be procured for the same; but the Profits arising from the Lands so let have been very small and inconsiderable, and much less than the Taxes with which such Lands have been arteffed: And whereas the said Corporation have agreed with Sir Simeon Stuart, of Harteley in the County of Southampton, Baronet, for the Sale of Part of the said Inverted Lands, which have been at the Desire of the said Sir Simeon Stuart left out of the first District herein before described, for the Sum of one hundred Pounds, discharged of all Ar 4 rears of Taxes assessed thereon, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second; but subject to future Taxes, to be arteffed by virtue of the said Acts And whereas it will be for the Benefit of the said Corporation that the Inverted Lands within the said first District should be sold for the best Price that can be gotten for the same, discharged of all Arrears of Taxes aft elled or to be alt efied thereon, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, before the said Lands Thai 1 be sold; but subject nevertheless, in like Manner as the rest of the said ninety five thousand Acres, to the Taxes to be arteffed by virtue of the said Acts, after the said Lands shall be so sold; and that in the mean Time, and until such Lands can be drained and sold, the said corporation.should be enabled to pay the Rates and Taxes to be afierted by virtue of this Act upon the said Lands, for draining the same; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That the Receiver for the Time being of the said Corpo Receiver of the Corporation shall, out of the Taxes and Revenues of the South and Middle Levels (Part of the said Great Level) pay upon Demand, to the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed by the Commis r n sioners for the said first District, all such Rates and Taxes as shall be charged by virtue of this Act upon the said Inverted Lands, or any Part thereof, until the same shall be sold as herein after is directed; and such Receiver shall be and he is hereby absolutely discharged and indemnified of and for the Sums so by him paid to the said Collector or Collectors, as if such Sum had been paid to and by the Order and Direction of the said Corporation.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs Corporation may appoint and Conservators, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of a Commissioner for every them, to be two, shall have full Power and Authority to appoint annually, at their April Meeting, l°°d^cres ot inve(1ed one Commissioner for every three hundred Acres of the said Inverted Lands, for which the Taxes s'

to be imposed by virtue of this Act shall be paid as aforesaid, for lb long Time as three hundred Acres of the said Lands shall remain inverted.

XXXIX. Provided nevertheless, That one Half of the Commissioners so to be appointed, who (Proviso) shall not be Members of the said Corporation, shall be respectively Owners of six Acres or more of taxable Lands lying within the first District.

XL. And whereas the said Corporation cannot sell the said inverted Lands, discharged of the Ar and fell Inverted Land rears of Taxes, without being empowered by Authority of Parliament so to do; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor, baliffs and Conservators, or any seven or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, to grant or convey under the Seal of the said Corporation, unto the said Sir Simeon Stuart, the inverted Lands agreed to be sold as before mentioned, freed and discharged of and from all Rates and Taxes which, at any discharged of part. Time heretofore, have been rated or charged thereupon by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, relating to the said Great Level, pursuant to the said Agreement: and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any seven or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, to cause the inverted Lands within the said first District to be publicly sold by Auction in Parcels, as they shall think proper, to the best Bidder, at the Shire House in Ely aforesaid, at any April Meeting or Sertion of Sewers in October, to be there held, of which Sale or Sales public Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in the Cambridge and Ipswich 'Journals, if such News Papers shall then continue to be published; Avail also be affixed in Writing, under the Seal of the said Corporation, at or upon the said Shire House,

Months at least intervening between the Time of any such Sale and the Day of the Date of any such Notice; and that after any of the said Lands shall be so sold, the said Governor, Bailiffs and Conservators, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, shall grant or convey, under the Seal of the said Corporation, the Lands so sold, to the respective"purchasers thereof, freed and discharged of and from all Rates and Taxes which, at any Time before such Sale, shall have been rated or charged upon the said Lands by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, relating to the said Great Level; and every such Grant or Conveyance shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and

Purposes,

but subject to future Taxes.

Limitation of Actions. General issue,

[Public Act.]

T reble Costs.

Purposes, as if such Lands had been sold for Nonpayment of Taxes, pursuant to the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second.

XLI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower the said Corporation to discharge the said inverted Lands, or any Part thereof, from any Rates or Taxes which the same shall, after the Sale thereof as aforesaid, be liable to be rated or aftelled with, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever relating to the said Great Level; but that the said inverted Lands, after they shall be so sold, shall be liable to be rated and assessed in the same Manner as they were before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action, Suit or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the committed; and shall be laid or brought in the Court of Pleas of the said Isle of Ely., or in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk or Norfolk, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant or Defendnts in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and, if in Replevin, mayjuftifyand avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and may give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the alleged in such Action or Suit to have been done, was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or avow ants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her or them; or Judgement be given upon a Demurrer or otherwise; in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XLIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE to which the annexed

Ad refers;

Being a List of such Bordering and other Highlands as are to be exempted from the Taxes to be uffeffed\ rated or charged in pursuance of the said Aci,

In the first District.

In Hold Fen in Mindenhall.

ONE Ground of Thomas Thompson, a Minor, North of the Willows.

One Ground of John Drage Esquire adjoining.

twenty-five Acres, Part of thirty Acres of Simon Godfrey, in two Lots.

Sixteen Acres, Part of forty-eight Acres of John Drage Esquire, in three Lots,

Five Acres, Part of eighteen Acres of William Brown.

Eight Acres, Part of sixteen Acres of Sir William Bunbury, Baronet,

Eleven Acres, Part of fifteen Acres of John Drage Esquire.

One Ground of Thomas Swale, by peaver's Load.

The Skirts of Coplow Delves, called Coplow Hills, and the Milking Hill.

In

5x9

In the Adventure Land, taken out of Coplow and Undley Fens, belonging to Robert Hanflip.

Fifteen Acres, Part of fifty Acres, near baldwin's Load,

Six Acres, Part of fourteen Acres, nearer Undley.

Ten Acres, called Thistle Hill.

The Skirts of Undley Common.

The Skirts of Undley Field, and the Skirt and Border Land on the north east Side of Undley pa ftures, as far as Winter Load.

Fifty Acres in Undley Fen, next the Field Skirts.

In the Second District.

Between Holiwell Droveway and the Outring Ditch which divides the two Districts, beginning at the Outring Ditch of the Adventure Land taken out of Coplow Fen.

A Ground or Lot of Robert Hanflip.

Two Grounds of Thomas Evans Esquire, late may's.

One Ground of Robert Hanflip, near the Head of baldwin's Load.

Four Lots of Sir William Bunbury, Baronet, and all the other Grounds from thence Eastwards to the Hard Lands.

Eighteen Acres, Part of thirty six Acres of Isaac Cook, at Burchin Hills, Sixteen Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres of Edmund Balls there.

Four Acres, Part of a Ground of Isaac Cook there.

Between Holiwell Droveway and skelton's Droveway, on the south west Side of Holiwell Drove

way, beginning next three Lots of Sir William Bunbury.

Two Grounds or Lots of Isaac Cook Gentleman.

One Ground of Garard ward's Heirs.

One Ground late of the Reverend Master John Hunt, deceased.

One Ground of the Widow Clark.

One Ground of Sir William Bunbury.

One Ground of Thomas Evans Esquire, and all the other Grounds from thence to the Hard Lands.

On the north east Side of skelton's Droveway, beginning next a Ground of Isaac Cook, Gentleman.

One Ground of Isaac Cook, Gentlenteman One Ground of Richard Husk, Gentleman.

One Ground of Sir William Bunbury.

One Ground of Susan Peachey, Widow.

Four Acres, Part of a Ground of Thomas Thompson, a Minor, in the Pan, and all the other Grounds from thence to the Hard Lands, except two Acres, Part of a Ground of Sir William Bunbury, late johnson's.

Between skelton's Droveway and Stock Droveway, on the South Side of skelton's Droveway,

Eight Acres, Part of forty seven Acres of Thomas evan's, Esquire

One Ground of Henry Coats.

Two Grounds of Francis Fuller.

One Ground of Benjamin Powel.

One Ground of Sir William Bunbury, at the Hard Lands.

On

520

c. 32.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1759.

On the North Side of Stock Droveway.

Eight Acres, Part of sixteen Acres of Thomas Evans Esquire.

Eight Grounds or Lots of Francis Fuller, except eight Acres below, nearest Kenny Hills. One Ground of Sir William Bunbury, Baronet, at the Hard Lands.

Between Stock Droveway and Snare Droveway, on the South Side of the Stock Droveway,

Two Lots of Richard Hulk, called the Horse Dolvers.

Three Lots of Isaac Cook.

One Ground of Robert Shave, and all the other Grounds from thence to the Hard Lands.

On the North Side of Snare Droveway.

Two Grounds or Lots of Richard Hulk, called Ropers.

Two Grounds of Elizabeth Bugg and Hannah Bugg, or one of them.

Two Grounds of John Abbot.

One Ground of Elizabeth Bugg.

Two Grounds of Henry Morley, called the Hurdle Dolvers, and all other Grounds from thence to the Hard Lands,

Between Snare Droveway and cook's Droveway, on the South Side of Snare Droveway.

Two Grounds of Henry Morley, called High Polls.

One other Ground of the said Henry Morley.

Two Grounds of Sir William Bunbury, Baronet.

One Ground of John Thompson, a Minor, and all the other Grounds from thence to the Hard Lands.

On the North Side of cook's Droveway.

Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres of John Williamson.

Six Acres, Part of twenty-four Acres of Abraham Bird, senior.

Four Acres, Part of twelve Acres of Joseph Ellington, late macro's.

One Ground of John Poulter, late ellington's.

One Ground of Richard Peachey, Gentleman, and all the other Grounds from thence to the Hard Lands.

Between cook's Droveway and the North Bank of Mildenhall River.

The Grounds of Sir William Bunbury, Barham Rulhbooke Esquire, and Adam Aves, on the south east Side of Hayland Droveway, and all the other Grounds from thence to the Hard Lands.

Anno

C i.

5 2 1

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Regis Magnae Britannia, Franciae,

6c Hibernise, primo,

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the thirty first Day of May, Anno Domini 4 / — \ one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of

ul JOUR late Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Lfc. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the eighteenth Day of November 1760, being the eighth seition of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of our late Sove preamble, recido Acts, reign Lord King George the Second, of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for the better, Geo. 2. c. 1.

Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Croum of Great Britain, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, which had been granted to his Majesty King Charles the Second, by an act made in the twelfth Year of his Reign, entitled, A Grant of certain Inspections upon Beer, Air, and other 12 Car. 2. C 23.

Liquors, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue, during his Life and which were granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by an Act made in the second Year of their Reign, 2w. & M. Stf. 1. C 3, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them; and which were continued to their late Majesties Queen Anne and King George the First, for their Lives respectively (a certain Duty of six 2 & 3 Ann. C 3.

Pence for every Barrel of Vinegar Beer excepted) and also a Duty of six Pence, Part of a Duty of 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 12.

eight Shillings, which was granted to his Laid late Majesty King William, for and upon every Barrel 10 Will. 3. C u.

of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer; or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, which should be brewed or made of any Englifo or Foreign Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for Sale; and foin propor tion for a greater or lesser Quantity, by an Act made in the tenth Year of his rein; likewise the further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Coods, and Mer chandizes, which had been granted to his said late Majesty King William, for his Life, by an act made in the ninth Year of his Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy W. 3- c 23*

of Tunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the

Service of his Majesty's Household, and other ijfes therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, and continued to their said late Majesties Queen Anne and King George the First, for their Lives respectively, should be levied, collected, and paid, to his late Majesty King George the Second, for and during the Term of his natural Life; and also that the yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, granted out of the aggregate Fund to his late Majesty King George the First,

during his Life, by an act: made in the first Year of his Reign, (intituled, An Act for enlarging the Geo. A c I

Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills; and for settling an additional Revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon his Majesty, during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government; and for establishing a certain Fund of fifty four thou fanclfix hundred Pounds per Annum, in order to rnije a Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for the Service of the Public, by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament 3 and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blen heim, incurred vjhilfl that Building was carried on at the Expense of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of blessed Memory; and for other Purposes therein mentioned)) be continued to his late Majesty King George the Second, for and during the Term of his natural Life, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And in and by the said first mentioned at made in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, it was enabled and declared, That the hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; and the said Duties of Excise upon Beer,

Ale, and other Liquors, which had been granted to the late Queen Anne, by an at of the first:

Year of her Reign, for her Life (subject: nevertheless to the Incumbrances in that Adc mentioned)

and the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties thereby granted; and the said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds out of the aggregate Fund; and the Revenue ai ifing in the General Letter Office, or Postoffice, or Office of Postmaster General; and the small Branches of his Majesty's Revenues therein particularly described or mentioned (except as is therein excepted) should be for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, as by the said at of the first Year of his said late majesty's Reign 4 (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: And by virtue of one other Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of hi said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act fore, Geo. 2. o.zy]

522

5 Geo. 2. C 23.

12 Geo. 2. c. 21.

igeo, 2. f, 19,

A.D. 1760.

C 1. Anno primo Georgii III.

further encouraging the Manufacture of britifn Sail cicib, by taking off the Duties and Drawbacks therein' mentioned; and allowing an additional Bounty on British made Sail Cloth exported; and for ft amping British made Sail Cloth with the Dame and Place of Abode of the Maker \ a certain yearly Sum was paid out of the aggregate Fund to his said late Majesty, during his Life, in lieu of such Part of the Duties on the Importation of rough and undressed Fiax, thereby discontinued, as was applicable to the' ' Support of his Majesty's Lioulehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown: And by one other Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying ' a Duty upon the Rt toilers of Spirituous Liquors, and for heenfing the Retailers thereof, the yearly Sum ' of seventy thousand Pounds was granted to his said Majesty, during his Life, towards the Support of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his Expences and Occasions, in lieu of certairr Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, thereby made Part of the said Fund: And in pursuance of one other at made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duties upon jvoollen and Bay Tarn imported from Ireland to England; and for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of woolfro?n Great Britain, and of I Tool, and jvool manufactured, ' from Ireland to Foreign Parts; a certain yearly Sum was paid to his said late Majesty during his Life, -.

The hereditary Rates and and Duties of f.xcifc ori finally granted by Act

in lieu of such Part of the Duties thereby discontinued, on the Importation of Woollen and Bay ' Yarn from Ireland, as was applicable towards the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of tie Honour and Dignity of the Crown: And by one other Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bends, and other Deeds, and upon Dews Papers, Adveriifcsnents, and Almanacs, and t upon Licences for retailing I Vine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a ' certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous 6 Liquors; and for raising the Sum of three Millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, ' and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the Jccond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Sollicitors; and for enlarging the Time for sling Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys and Sollicitors; and alj'o ' the Tunc for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices) the yearly Sum of seven thousand and two Pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence, ' was directed to be paid to his said Majesty, his Heirs, and Fuccefi ors, out of the Moneys which should arise from the new Duties thereby granted on Licences to retail Wine, in lieu of the former Duties: And whereas your Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify your Consent to your faithful Commons in Parliament assembled, That whenever they should enter upon the Considera tion of making Provision for your Household, and the Honour and Dignity of your Crown, such Disposition might be made of your majesty's Interest in the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, as i might bell conduce to the Utility and Satisfaction of the Public; thereby giving the most substantial Proof of your tender Concern for the Welfare of your People; and that the same is superior. ' your Royal Breast, to all other Considerations: your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sub ' jets the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, with Hearts full of the warmest Duty and Gratitude, are desirous. That a certain and competent Revenue for defraying the Expences of your majesty's Civil Government, and supporting the Dignity of the Crown of Gree 1 Britain during your Life (which God long preserve) may be settled on your Majesty j and that your Majesty may be enabled to make an honourable Provision for the Royal Family, as atcfti money of our unfeigned afte&ion to your sacred Person, by whose happy Accession to thethronc,

your majesty's Subjects have the strongest Assurance that the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of this Realm will be continued; and that they, your said Subjects, and their Posterity, may, through the Divine Goodness, enjoy every Blefiing under your majesty's auspicious Reign; have therefore freely and unanimously resolved to grant unto you, our most gracious Sovereign Lord King George the Third, a certain Revenue payable out of the aggregate Fund; and that the said temporary Rates, Duties, and Impositions be continued, and the Produce thereof, together with the Produce of the hereditary Revenues aforesaid, be niade Part of the said Fund during your majesty's Life; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'and Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from

immediately after the Demise of his said late Majesty King George the Second, of blessed Memory, and during the Term of the natural Life of his Majesty King Georg

ge the Third (whom God long

late King, lorand during during his Life; and which were granted to their late Majesties King I VI Ilium and Queen Mary, by Ma'tfl1"* oco' plcfent e said at made in the second Year of their Reign, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them; and which were continued to her said late Majesty Queen Anne, by the said acst of the first Year of her Reign, for her Life; and which were continued" to his said Majesty King George the 1* irtf, by an at of the first Year of his Reign, for his Life; and to his said late Majesty King George the Second, by the said Act made in the fir it year of his Reign, for his Life (other than and except

poi tion

W j'y on Vintgar.

Anno priir.o Georgii III.

C

5 23

portion for a greater or lesser Quantity, imposed by the said Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and with such Allowances and Exemptions as are mentioned and expressed in the before mentioned Adds, or any of them, or by any other Lav now in force relating to the and all Laws relating to Revenue ot Excise; and that all and every the said Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise shall be wither

of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for the levying, receiving, ascertaining, and ^ihc^said Dutk", recovering the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and the said Duty of six c.

Pence, Part of the said Duty of eight Shillings, for every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, hereby granted or continued, in the like manner as if the same were repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Add.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said further Subsidy of Tonnage The Subsidy of Tonne

and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes granted by the said Act na£c and Poundage made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, for his Life; and con fa^conpnu'>d

tinued to her said late Majesty Queen Anne, by the said Act of the first Year of her Reign, for hei veral subsequent Acts

Life; and afterwards continued to his said Majesty King George the First, by the said Act of the first

Year of his Reign, for his Life; and to his said late Majesty King George the Second, by the said Acd

of the first Year of his Reign, for his Life; and also all such other Subsidies and Duties as were and all other Subsidies

payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament on the twenty-fourth Day of October one thousand and duties payable on

seven hundred and Sixty, and were settled or appointed to be towards the Support of the Household of orifov

his said late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; shall, crown, to bekvied and from and immediately after the Demise of his said late Majesty King George the Second, be, during paid as heretofore, du

the Life of our said Sovereign Lord King George the Third, raised, levied, collected, paid, and fat if ring the Lite of his pre

fied, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and under the same Penalties, Forfeitures, and Dif feilt Majesty j

abilities, and by the same Rules and Directions, and with the same Allowances, Exemptions, and

Drawbacks, as are prescribed in or by the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, or in atiy other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in that Behalf; and

that the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, and other

Acts touching the said Subsidies and Duties, and all and every the Articles, Rules, and Clauses therein and 3111-aws r(; 'at: ns

contained, or thereby referred unto, so far as the same relate to the raising, levying, collecting, or [vhh iev^to the due

making Allowances or Drawbacks out of the same Subsidies and Duties, and any Exemptions in joying, c! the same.

respect thereof, shall be of full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes, during the Life of our

said Sovereign Lord King George the Third, as if the same were particularly and at large repeated

and letdown in the Body of this Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Produce of the said hereditary Rates and Pro luce of the hcredi duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and the Produce of the said Duties of Excise tar and Dutlef upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, hereby continued for the Term of his Majesty's Life; and the ot xcle'

Produce of the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and of other Duties upon Wines, Subsidies oftunnage Goods and Merchandizes, and other Subsidies and Duties herein before mentioned; and the pro and 1>oundace 3 cluce of such other Subsidies and Duties as were payable on the twenty-fourth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and settled or appointed to be towards the Support of the Household of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; and the said Pvevenue of the General Letter Office, or Poll Office, or Office of Post Matter General; Revenues of the Poll

that is to say, the Moneys office > w. the Alienation Office; the al!er ation Office;

Moneys arising by the Post Fines; the said yearly Sum of seven thousand and two Pounds fourteen Post Fines;

Shillings and threepence, payable out of the Moneys arising by the new Duties on Licences to Annuity on Wine Li Wine; the Moneys arising by Sheriffs Proffers, and Competitions in the Exchequer, and

Seizures of prohibited and uncustomed Goods; the Revenue arising to his Majesty by Rents Excise

Lands, or for Fines of Leases of the same, or any of them (except the Revenue of the Duchy ofc,

Cornwall) and all other Branches and Revenues which on the twenty-fourth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, flood settled or appointed to be towards the Support of the household.of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Honour and iagnity of the Crown, during his said late majesty's Life as aforesaid (except the Moneys which shall be necessary to defray such Expenses as shall have been incurred in the Collection and Management of all the said Subsidies, Duties, Branches, and Revenues, and except such Sums as were Hiding and payable out of the aggregate Fund as aforesaid; and also except such Revenues, Rents, and Hereditaments, as have been granted or passed to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and except all Charges of particular Annuities or Sums of Money on the said Revenues, or any of them, made or allowed of by any Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever) shall, from and immediately after the Demise of his said late Majesty King George the Second, be, during his present Majesty's Life, carried to, and made Part of, the general or aggregate Fund established by the Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and be, during the said Term, htued and applied, in manner herein after men '0- = tioried, tothcui cs to which the said Fund is or shall be made applicable: Nevertheless, the said hereditary Duties of Excise; and the said Duties of Excise continued for his Majesty's Life, as aforesaid; the said Revenues of the General Letter Office, qr Poll Office, or c3ffi.ce of Postmaster General; shall respectively be liable to, and charged with the several particular annual, weekly, or

clllu lulu i\gvv.uul uig ui X uu v/iiiv,

and the ffnall Branches of his Majesty's Revenues herein after expressed; by Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry, payable in

iztires; Rents; one (Duchy of Cornwall ex cejvcd) and other Branches; and Revenues j appropriated lor Support cl the Crown, (Charges of levying ard managing the tame; excepted)

are to b? carried into, and made Part of the run; i;

to fnt

subject howevt several annviie s aka

X X 2

other

C

r.

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

*Incumbrance: charged thereon by any former Act or Acts.

other Payments or Incumbrances charged

on or directed to be set apart out of the Paid hereditary Duties of Excise, and the said Duties of Excise granted for the Life of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, and the foetid Revenues of the General Letter Office, or Poll Office, or Office of Poll Mailer General, or any of them, by any former or other al or Acts of Parliament, in the same Manner, and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, for any Offences in or about the same, as the said last mentioned Duties or Revenues, or any of them, were subject or liable unto at the Time of the Demise of his said late Majesty King George the Second, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the l'.rne had been by this al particularly charged on or directed to be set apart out of the Duties or Revenues hereby continued, during his present Majesty's Life; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The cleat vear.'y Sum of

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Support of his Majesty's 723,000l. to be paid out Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, there shall be granted and continued, and or the aggregate Fund, filing antj payable, out of the said Fund called The aggregate Fund, from and immediately after the icr t e uppoil is Demise of his said late Majesty King George the Second, to his present Majesty during his Life which

Ot

jjemilc of his laid late Majesty King George.

and of the Honour and ^joc! long prclerve) the Revenue, or yearly Rent or Rents, or Sum or Sums or Money herein after

Dignity of the f'

dc "

of

own, mentioned; that is to say, the clear yearly Rent or Sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand tying the Continuance pounds, during the Continuance of an Annuity of fifty thousand Pounds payable, by virtue of an IV; rala£l made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, to her 5*, oco Dn T — — Dowager of Wales\ and of the Annuities payable by virtue of an Act

ot CC oco ». to the r; n^tt 1 r 1

ccfs dov.a^er of Wales; *1 highness the

rq.ooool. 'to the Date made in the twelfth

Princess Year of

the

o! Cumberland and j2, cco1 Vrtncefs A

Reign of his

to the

to

laid late Majesty, of fifteen thousand Pounds to his Royal Highness ivuiiam Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs I dale of his Body; and twelve thousand Pounds to her Royal hig nness the Princess Amalie; and in case of the Determination of one or more wiihthv^t.b'tfcn of the °^' ttie Annuities, then, and immediately from thenceforth, such clear yearly Rent or Sum over ibid Annuities, as they and above, and in Addition to, the said yearly Rent or Sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thou fiuil several iy determine: sand Sounds, as the Annuity or Annuities so determined shall have amounted to; and in case of the and, upon their Dct. r Determination of all the said Annuities, then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly minatlon, the cieir year pent or Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; and the said yearly Rents or Sums for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of the Duties and Revenues which do or shall compose the said Fund, commonly called The aggregate F ind, or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such 'Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former al or abs of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said Fund) and that the Sum of one hundred forty-nine thousand five hundred eighty six Pounds four Shillings and one

of his Majesty's ay of October one hundred and sixty

one, being the Proportion of the said annual Rent for the said Term; and that from and after the

ly Sum of soo.oco i be then paid him.

1; g, 5s6 1.

?m! from 5 J

the said

to be paid b

pm j76j, fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, the said yearly Rents or Sums of y^equ /por Mtoney shall grow due and be payable to his Majesty quarterly at the four most usual Days of pay nous, quarterly rnent in the Year; that is to say, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of

via, o 5 Apii, 5 July, October, and the fifth Day of January, by even and equal Portions, cut of the Moneys of the said

kjoft.yn.i 5 January, aggregate Fund; the first quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the fifth Day of April one thou

I and sixty one: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three

I rqu

went of the same accord

Piigh Treasurer, and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, for the Time they are hereby authorised and required to cause the said yearly Rent or s of Money reflectively, or any Arrears thereof, to be issued and applied, from Time to Time,

id '0 Payments

i i a u ncc, lor h j n. j'Use, from lo Pirric;

Money be not exceeded in, for, or in respect of each Quarter, and so that upon every of the said quarterly Days the Whole then due thereupon be completed, made up, or satisfied, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

/. And whereas it may be proper for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and for defray £ ing the Charge of his Civil Government, and other his necessary Expenses and Occasions, that Money should be issued, from Time to Time, within each Quarter, before the Accounts of the ' f.iid agg: egate Fund shall be made up and settled; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, and the High I) q33' Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, shall and may, and they are 1, rn' hereby fully authorised and empowered, from Time to Time, between the respective Days or Periods of Time appointed or to be appointed for making up and settling the Accounts of the said aggregate Lund, to ctr.fi any Payment or Payments to be made in Advance to or for his Majesty's Use, or on his Behalf, cut of all or any Moneys which have arisen, or shall arise, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the Produce of all or any of the said hereditary and temporary Revenues herein before direct d to be arried to, and made Part of, the said Fund (except only such Part of the Produce of the Duties on Low Wines, Strong Waters, Brandy, Rum, Arrack, and other Spirits, as by the said Act made in the ninth Year of Ins said late majesty's Reign were united to, and made Part of, the

aggregate

Z.

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

525

aggregate Fund, and farther continued by this at) so that the Whole of such Payments, together &«not to exceed the with all other Payments out of the Moneys composing the said Fund, do not exceed, for the Pur Suartcrb Allowance, poses aforesaid, between the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty and the sixth Day of January following, the said Sum of one hundred forty-nine thousand five hundred eighty six Pounds four Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, herein before limited; nor exceed in, or in respect of, any one Quarter, the fourth Part of the annual Rent or Sum which shall be then charged upon the said Fund by virtue of this al; anything herein, or in any other at or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty shall be empowered, His Majesty empowered, from Time to Time, to grant a Sum not exceeding five thousand Pounds per Annum, to the Lord to grant out of the Re chancellor, Lord Keeper, or of for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, in ^cooi° v r Vn t?*the the usual and accustomed Manner, to be from Time to Time paid by the Paymaster or Receiver of the fld chancellor, Lord Revenues of the General Letter Office, or Port Office, or Office of Poll Master General for the K eeper, or commissiontime being, out of the said Revenues, according to the Tenor of such Grant; and such Payment ners for the Custody of shall be considered as Part of, and shall be deducted from the annual Rent or Sum by this Act granted the Great Seal > his Majesty, for the Support of his civil Government; anything in this atto the contrary there (aie to, fce consider

/- 1 i 3 J 0. J ed as Part of the annua!

of notwithstanding.

Sum granted for the Support of his Civil Government.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the High Treasurer, Chancellor, and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains, and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exhequer, and of the Receipt thereof, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to do all such acts, Alatters, and Things, as are herein before directed, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this at, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties and Revenues, which were payable to his late Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during his Life, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, from the Demise of his said late Majesty, during the Life of his present Majesty, in the same Manner only, and subject to the same, or the like Charges thereon, as the same were liable or subject to, during his said late Majesty's Life: Saving always, to all and every Perfoit and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and other than to such Person or Persons, who do or may stand seized or possessed in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs, and successors) all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of, in or to, or out of, the Revenues, Hereditaments, and other the Premises aforesaid, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had, at the making of this at, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ia. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach or diminish any Rights, Privileges, Powers, and Prerogatives, over the said small Branches of his Majesty's hereditary Revenue, herein particularly mentioned, andufed, exercised, and enjoyed, or which might have been used, exercised, and enjoyed, by any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, since the passing of an at in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; other than the Power of granting, during his Majesty's Life, or for any Term of Years determinable upon his Life, or otherwise, the Profits and Produce of any such of the said small Branches, as are subject to the Restrictions of the said last mentioned Act:, with relp 'dt to the free and absolute Disposition thereof, in derogation of the special Purpose of this present Act, to carry the same to the aggregate Fund'.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any wise to impair or affect any Rights or Powers of Control, Management, or Direction, which have been, or may be exercised by Authority of the Crown, or other lawful Warrant, relative to any Leases, Grants, or Afiu ranees, of any of the said small Branches of his Majesty's hereditary Revenues, or to any Suits or Proceedings for Recovery of the same, or to Compositions made, or to be made, on account of any of the said small Branches: or to any Remission, Alitigation, or Pardon, of any Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, iy the Importation of prohibited and uncustomea Goods; cr tofir.es taken, or to be taken, or to Rents, Boons, and Services rcfcrved, or to be reserved, upon such Grants, Leases, and Assurances, or to the Mitigation or Remission of the same; or to any other lawful Act, Matter, or Thing, which has been or may be done, touching the said Branches; but that the said Rights and Powers fttall continue to be used, exercised, and enjoyed, in as full, free, ample, and effectual Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, and as the same have been, or might have been enjoyed since the making of the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; subject nevertheless, to all such restricti ons and Regulations, as were enacted by the said a.dt, to bind her Majesty, her Heirs, and siiccef fors, and with the Benefit of all such Clauses, Savings, and Pxovifocs, as are contained in the Lid Act; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Ac t, that the taid Rights and Powers Hull notin any Degree be abridged or restrained, or affected in any manner whatsoever, but only that the Montes

Commissioners of the Treasury, anj Officers and Ministers of the Exchequer, authorised and required to do all Things necessary towards the due Execution of this Act. the duties andrevenues payable in Scotland to the late King, to be levied and paid in like Manner, from his Demise, during, the Life his present Majesty. Reservation of Rights of particular Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate.

Reservation of the Rights and Prerogatives of the Crown, with respect ter the small Branches of the hereditary Revenues, granted by Act I Anna?, r. 7.

and to Leases, Grant?, or Assurances thereof; or Suits, Scc. for Recovery, of the same y

Mititigations, Pardons,

Fines, Rents, Eoons> and Services, c.

subject nevertheless to the Restrictions mentioned, in the recited Act of t Annie,

I mention of this Act.

nies arising from the full and free Exercise and Enjoyment of them, so subject as aforesaid, shall, during his Majesty's Life, be carried to, and made Part of, the aggregate Fund.

CAP. IE

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, A ium, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue for a limited Time the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and

Butter from Ireland.

WHEREAS the permitting the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland into this Kingdom, hath been found useful and beneficial, and that the Time allowed for that Purpose is near expiring; and it is expedient that the same should be prolonged; May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

Att Geo. 2. C an Act made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti, ront.nued to 24 Dec. tuled, An Act to continue for a limited Time the Importation of Salted Beef Pork, and Butter, fro?n ire-1761. land; which was to continue in Force until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

C ytxblpkkas the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, have made an humble Address to the King's most Excellent Majesty, in a General Court of the said Company, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to honour the said Company with being their Gov ernor, where unto his Majesty being willing to condefccnd, some Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, or may arise, touching the Qualifications and Duties prescribed by Law, or by the Charter granted to the said Company, in relation to the Governors or Government thereof: For Remedy whereof, ' Be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty shall be capable of being and continuing Governor of His Majesty declared ca the said Company, for such Time or Times as are prescribed by the said Charter for the conti pable o»'being Governor, nuance of any Governor therein; and that such Address as aforesaid, or any other Address of the said and the Address of the Company to be hereafter made in their General Court (or the same Purpose (in case his Majesty hall Company to be a due be pleased to accept of being their Governor) shall, from Time to Time, be deemed and adjudged to be 2n Election of his Majesty to be Governor of the said Company within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Charter, without the Forms of ballotting, or other Methods prescribed by such Charter for dealing the Governor of the said Company; anything in the said Charter to the contrary not withstandine.

[Preamble.]

Election.

Ills Majesty exempted tron taking the Oaths ot Office;

jnd empowered to vote or ait by 1'roxy,

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths prescribed by the said Charter, or any Law now in Force, and all other acts, Matters, or Things, necessary or requisite to qualify a Subject of this Realm to be Governor of the said Company, shall not he deemed to be nccclvary or requisite for his Majesty's Qualification, in respect of the said Government, nor shall the f.iid Oaths be administered to his Majesty; that his Majesty in ail Cases where any Vote is to be given, or Act to be done by him as Governor of the said Company, may, (if his Majesty think (it) by any Warrant or Warrants under Ins Royal Sign Manual, appoint the Sub Governor, or Deputy Governor of the said Company, to vote or Act for him, or on his Behalf; any former Law, Statute, Charter, or Provision, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

527

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale j and for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty, and for further encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale.

'or Sale in England; to commence on 24 Jan.

Ale

Scot

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's rr.oft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in par preamble.

liament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your majesty's publick Expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, the Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned; and do most humbly be c feech your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourch An additional Duty of Day o January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, there shall be, within and throughout s. per Bartel, granted the whole Realm of Great Britain, raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs, on all Beer or Ale, above and Successors, by way of Excise, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by6s ths rijirib brewed

any former Act or Acts of Parliament fetor imposed, an additional Duty upon all Beer and Ale us

herein after mentioned; that is to say, For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, ^1.

(exclusive of the Duties of Excise) brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately (to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons reflectively) the Sum of three Shillings, and so pro portionably for a greater or lester Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Barrel of twopenny Ale mena proportional Duty

tioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, there shall be only paid and Bay

charged by virtue of this Act, such a proportional Part of three Shillings, as two Shillings bear to four brawed for sam" Shillings and nine Pence, over and above the other Duties wherewith the said Barrel of Ale is charged iancj. in the said Article, or by any subsequent Act of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, All the Powers, Rules, Directions, Rules, Methods, Allowances, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, and Dircaions, c. which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, by Act 12 Car. An Act for taking aunty the Court of 1 Bards and Liveries, and enures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof',) or by any other Law or by any other Act now now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are proin force relating to the vided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, pay dut, c5ofexci, e ing, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this at) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, hre ex^"d'db^0t^e for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, and adjudg uis 6'aotc ing, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Allowances, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IV. And for the preventing of Disputes which may arise touching the breaking in, or mixing into,

Guiles or Brewings of Beer or Ale brewed after the Commencement of this Act, such Beer or Ale as hath been brewed before the Commencement thereof, and which hath lemained in the Custody of the

Brewer thereof, ever since the same was brewed; Be it enacted and declared by the Authority afore reer brewed' before the said, That all Beer and Ale brewed before the Commencement of this Act, which, at any Time said24 jan. if any Time after the Commencement thereof, shall be broke into, or mixed with, any fresh Guile or Brew thereafter mixed with ing of Beer or Ale, shall be, and is hereby made liable to the said additional Duty imposed by any Gu: Ie, C r'rcw'

1 hfc A A J ing. ito pay the addm

this ^\cr. _. ona] Duty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the further Encouragement of the r. Drawbac! of ?s cr.

Exportation of Ale and Strong Beer, and thereby for the Advancement of Trade and Encourage rlrrei r jbeailowe/by ment of Tillage and Manufacture of this Realm, it shall and may be lawful, from and after ihethecommissionasofex. twenty fourth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for any Person in anycile on a. Beer an;,) Alc Seaport, or upon any navigable River, to export and Ship oft as Merchandise, within any of the nd c 'vic&iovq usual and allowed Ports by Law, and at the Common Quays for Exportation and lading on Board of 'te to °-

Merchandise, or Quays to be appointed for that Purpose, and within the usual Hours of Excise, for 6

account of himself or any other (to be exported into foreign Parts) in the Presence of a sworn Gauger, or other sworn Officer to be nominated by the Farmers, Commissioners, or Sub of of his Majesty's Excise, upon Notice thereof to them given at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof the said Strong Beer and Ale was brewed or made, of the respective Port or Place where the

rtl u u — — c, j u, o _* t. r. i

same shall be shipped, any Sort of Strong Beer or Ale to be spent beyond the Seas 5 which fai. or Officer aforesaid shall certify the Quantity of the said strongyseer and Ale shipped oft to t

Gauger (e proper Officer drliv

wthe com cring a Certificate of the

missioner and Officers of Excile, where the Entry thereof strall be made, who are hereby required, Quamity exported, and:

after

C

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

of the duties havingb; cnafter Proof being made, that the Duties have been charged or paid, and that the Strong Beer or Ale duly paid; was brewed after the twenty-fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and llxty one, to make an Allowance or Drawback of eight Shillings for every Barrel on all Strong Beer or Ale, brewed or made after the twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and so exported, unto the Brewer or Maker thereof, within one Month after such Exportation, de deducting 3d. per Tenducting threepence per Tonne for the Charges of their Officers, and no more; which said Allowance for charges of the of or Drawback, is hereby declared to be in full for all Drawbacks or Allowances which can or may be ficers> claimed for the same.

Act j w. & M. C 12. VI 4 And whereas by an act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Corn, an Allowance of two Shillings and six Pence per Quarter, is to be paid to the Exporter of Barley or Malt, when the same is sold at

twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, or under: And whereas the Exportation of Beer which is made

from malted Corn only, and whereon the Malt Duties have been already paid, will tend to the fur there Encouragement of Tillage and manufacture, and be of public Utility Be it enacted by the itcvfd b; fh clrrclallthorit>r a^ore^a^' That for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale, proved to have been brewed after nnihonlrs of excnetn twenty fourth Day f January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, from malted Corn,

ail Strong Beer and Ale and whereupon the Duties for Strong Beer or Ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, there

exported, for which du shall be paid to the Exporter of the same as Merchandise, by the Commissioners of his Majesty's ex ties have been paid, brew cife, or other proper Officer belonging to them, when Barley is at twenty-four shillings/w Quarter, tromhalted corn*\/h nor un(^er> Pon producing from the Gnuger, or Officer of Excise, who saw the Strong Beer or Aie

Barley is at 24s. Quarter, or under. Duty to be paid Strong Beer or Ale on Shipboard.

j.shipped on Board, a Certificate of the Quantity so shipped, out of the Duties granted by this present act, the Sum of one Shilling for every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale so exported, for VII. And, to the Intent his Majesty's Duty of Excise may not be prejudiced, for such Strong Beer or (pent Ale as shall be spent on shipboard; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Commissioners and Officers of the Customs shall, and they are hereby required and enjoined, to charge every Matter of any Ship or Vessel, in his victualling Bill, with so much Strong Beer or Ale, and no more, as such Number of Men used to spend in such Voyages; the Excise whereof to be recovered according to the Laws and Rules already established.

Ail Powers, Rubs, Me

VIII. Provided always, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rules, re thods, and Directions, in gulations, Directions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which by an ^rest^o^hed^ whack made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for preventing the cxccjjiveufe of Spirited Eoun y thereb"'iuous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition cf waking Leva Wines and

Jewed on Exporration of Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt., or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour and Bran, for encouraging

I' r I f I^rv >.) C f«t m J«Zi - A a J * J. m. A TA«A 1 I m rt //. 0 A. J. >1 A.«a. A.«a Adfa jt7 mm — A / /.»fk m m m. m J /. A t i m jm A J a £ y^j^S

established, and

respc£> to the T' a, u iu 1 "wwu.g hk mu x.wuni, y thereby granted

Drawback and Bounty, upon Spirits exported as Merchandise, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds anu &c. pavafcle under this Abuses, in the relanding the same, and all other Frauds and Abuses previous to the Shipping, or react'"-- -

liner, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hew to be ivv.'ed ad applied.

lating to the Exportation of such Spirits, and the obtaining such Drawback and Bounty, not otherwise altered by this act, shall, except such Parts as relate to the Size of the Casks and Burden of the Ships or Vessels, be exercised, practised, applied, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for paying and allowing the Drawback and Bounty hereby granted upon Beer and Ale; and for preventing detecting, and punishing Frauds and Abuses in the relanding such Beer or Ale, and all other Frauds and Abuses previous to the Shipping, or relating to the Exportation thereof, and the obtaining the said Drawback and Bounty; as fully and efleciually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Directions, Poweis, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again reenacted in the Body of this present act.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures herein before imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise directed by this act) or by action of Debt, Dill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Adoiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Ileirs, and Successors, and the other Adoiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

- X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Officers who

Duties to be dininguidiej shall be employed in the assessing, raising, collecting, levying, and recovering, theduticsby this Act in the officers Accounts, granted, (hull, from Time to dime, distinguish in their Accounts, the Amount of the Adonies arising by such Duties, and shall pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, distinctly and separately and to be p.iid into the from all Adonies to arise by any other Duties upon Beer and Ale; and that in the Office of the audi f.xchequer fcpar.nciy for Df the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which all the f, n j; i oth 'r Dut, C3'alonies arising by virtue of this act, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered, separate and apart from all ot her Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

Thcrc Dutiej appropria

XI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective ted for the Payment of Annuities which by this act are herein after directed to attend the principal Sum of twelve Millions,

the anr.ui i« chargeable |, e j,

arged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the said Duties by this act granted upon on the creditof this act ^ccr and Ale, and the said Duties are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

The Amount of the new

A.D. 1760. Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. 529

XII. And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament afiemb ed have resolved, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty in this preflnt Session of Parliament, the Sum of twelve mi 1; ions be raised in Manner following; that is to say. The Sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, after the Rate of three pounds/w Centum per Annum, trans feirable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament; and that every Contributor to the said eleven millions four hundred ttioufand Pounds, shall also be entitled to an Annuity of one ljound two Shillings and six pence, for every one hundred Pounds contributed, to continue for a " certain Term of ninety-nine Years irredeemable, and to be transferable at the Bank of Englandj: and that the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds be also raised by a Lottery, attendant on the said Annuities, the Blanks and Prizes whereof to be converted into like three Pounds per Centum transferable Annuities with the abovementioned three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be payable iri relpetsi of the said eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds; and that all the said three Pounds per Centum Annuities be added to, and made Part of, the Joint Stock of three Pounds per Centum Annuities consolidated at the Bank of England: And whereas pursuant to and upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of twelve millions, and made Deposits of fifteen Pounds per Centum on the respective Sums by them so subscribed with the Calibres of the Bank of England: And whereas several of the said Subscribers may have already paid, or may hereafter pay, unto the said Cashiers, the Whole, or some further Part or Parts, of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, previous to the Days limited and appointed for the said subscribers who have aj c respective Payments Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be ready made Deposits of lawful to and for all such Subscribers who have made Deposits with the said Cashiers as afore 15l. percent, of the said, to advance and pay, and they are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the Ca

Sums subscribed bvtiie

m.

iliicr or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England; which Cashier or Cashiers oen ^sjrn of

is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant; 2|cco, coci. to be raised to be had on that Behalf; the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards on the Credit of this the said Sum of twelve millions, at or before the respective Times or Days, and in the Proportions herein acv are ro in3ke l.lr'ir after limited and appointed on that Behalf; that is to say, In respect of their proportionable Share of the Their

said Sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds, the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Cen ponional Share cfr> ° turn, being Part of the Sum so remaining, on or fore the twenty-eighth Day of February one thou 11, 400,000l. fund seven hundred and sixty onc; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, 15l. percent. hyas Feb. on or before the fourteenth Day of April then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Cenc>*

Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty seventh Day of May then next following;, percent by 27 May, the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on before the twenty-third Day of 3c]. (er Cent." by 23' '

w - 7 — — j - ...j -- o y - r o > —

Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of Sepio percent. by 25 sepr. tember then next following; and the remaining Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the ail, p0 remaining 701. twentieth Day of October then next following: And in respect of their proportionable Share of the per cent.by 20 October, said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, the further Sum of twenty-five Pounds per Centum, being 71 Part of the Sum so remaining, on or before the twenty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; the further Sum of thirty pounds/w Centum, other Part thereof, on or before

in respect of their nial Share of: cer Ctnt.

the twenty-ninth Day of April then next following; and the remaining Sum of thirty Pounds per by 21 March; -, c. per Centum, on or before the fifteenth Day of July then next following. Cent, by 29 Apii!;

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subscribers or Contribu ani? 30'- Per ceiui by j5 tors, their Executors, adrr.inistrators, Successors, and Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of eleven mil entitled to!,

lions four hundred thousand Pounds, shall be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds pc'r cent. interest on the per Centum per Annum, for and upon every one hundred Pounds by them respectively subscribed, ad laid Sum of 11, 400, 00c]. vanced, and paid towards the said Sum. redeemable by Parliament; and shall also be entitled, for and and rn t!: e f, rihf: r Sum upon every one hundre 1 Pounds so subscribed, to an Annuity after the Rate of one Pound two Shil J' J: 6 percent>

lor qq Years.

a which said -

and six Pence per Centum per Annum, for a certain Term of ninety-nine A Annuities shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January one

ears

thousand seven bun

Annuities to take i'kice S' fan.

rionedy. as the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed, advanced, and paid, shall pur after the Rate of ten Pounds for each Ticket; and that the said Sum of six hundred thousand P

and paid, sit all purchase, proper tenable Mure of 3ounds bof.ery Tickets, at lcj.

shall carry an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by parlia kkm

r y a it «/ rr 1 rx r ' i he 1 id hum cvry

mt nt; and (ucn Annuity shall commence and be computed irorn me hfui Day of January one thou^per l cnr<;

land seven hundred and sixty two, and shall b paid by lvalf yearly Payments, in even and equal por so take place on 5 Jan. tions, on the fifth Day of July, and the fifth Day of January, in every Year. 176'-,

<ino to

bt paid naif ye.nly, viz. cn 5 July, a: i 5 j

Contributors v9' ing in till s, k

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Subscribersor Conti ihutors, tv 'i h

hir Executor, ad'.ainistrators, Successors, and Assigns, paving in the whole of the Stmts by them re voi. VIII Yy,'< ipeclively

C

7-

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

paid

Rue

eighteenth Day of September, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to, from

to jt .: .'f:

Ij.c Um?. 2' tl a.'.ic Ui O - L — -- -7 " 1 £ -'-- -- J -

'!. prr C f -- r Am. the Day on which such Payments shall have been actually made, to the twentieth Day of October then

t .'m te tii e of fiuh next following, such Allowance to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Moneys contri ixxsn.'nt, to 20 Ore. bated towards the find Sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds, as soon as such respective Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall A ij t'; r: C p: IV r; tin the have completed such Payment; and that all the Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Ad

them respectively hekets delivered

h v r: 1 ytjfk "'s de to them, ro the Amount of the principal Sum or Sums by them subscribed and paid for the Purchase

Siverco t' evi to the A ir sninr o; taeir Subscrif t H' r.s

A im ers tris; s»"cirab!e 3t: e Bank.

*., t nave eompieaica uicji aymciii, ano inai an uic ouuiuiu> is cu vuiiuiuuiorb, men n

niinistrators, Successors, or Assigns, paying in the whole of the Sum or Sums by th( r: foo.ccoi. trt subscribed towards the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, shall have Lottery Ti

ca.di.'r of the Bank to e ve Receipts for the Moneys o.: id in

thereof, at the Rate of ten Pounds for each Ticket, as loon as such Tickets can conveniently be made out.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid shall be transferable at the Bank of England; the said Annuities of three Pountls per Centum per Annum being subject nevertheless to such Redemption as is hereafter mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That thecafliier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive, any Part of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds, shall give a

ic,: are aftipnable at am Ti: r, t bclore 5 Die.

3 - 01.

cufr.

S ve s cunty j

Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums; and that the Receipts to be given shall be assignable, by Endorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the fifth Day of December one thousand lbven hundred and sixty onc, and no longer.

XVII. Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly anfivering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the public Use, all the Moneys which they have already icceived, and shall hereafter receive, from Time to Time, of and for the said Sum of twelve millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the mi to p^v the Moneys ru hereby in them reposed; shall from Time to Time, pay all such Moneys, as soon as he or into the Exhtquer.*shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the farthest; and shall account for the same in the Exchequer according to the due course thereof, deducting the reout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act; for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain, in this present Session of Parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank, of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall. i e nt ir.c u.iciir.pt.1 at be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered; which Book c..risra!o:. C jjnk. or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and inspect.

Treasury to apply the Moneys to the Services voted tithe tmmrr.cijs

cee'r'lnffw* Xarrr?, Sen to b cn tr d: t'r.eoi

chequer, there to remain for ever, n Mor.: cs arlftr.g IV

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contributors duly paying the i'n ks cf th Ad, whole Sum or Stuns subscribed, at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, IT e Are and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy,

and be entitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy, their proportionable Share of the said Annuities of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by this Act granted, in respe£!of the Sum lo subscribed, out of the Moneys appropriated by this a6! for Payment thereof, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein; lubjcf! nevertheless to Redemption as is herein after mentioned concerning the said Annuities, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and that all the Annuities by this act!granted, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions, whatsoever. ir" h .'/nrf no rnaliir.j

XXI. Provided always, That in calc any such Contributors who have already deposited with, or i t.icir pivnv.ni* shall hereafter oav to the said Cashier or Cashiers. any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Times, and

ively subscribed, or not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed, at the Times, and in the Manner before mentioned; then, and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sum or Sums so 1 ibferibed as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall he forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; and all Right and Title to the fined Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect thereof, shall he extinguished; thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

r HI! Orr matin* Wttyoj i. imi in tkiiy i uv ii vwiiu iuu'.wio n uiiuvu ti

i t.i ir piynv iu*shall hereafter pay to, the said Cashier or Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of IV^to. t.ms. i.ine. in ihc Manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums so by them L '0'u'c lik', r their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall n

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

53j:

to; s

The same tm afiigiud.

be

and carry Ancuhits of

which

ferred.

may

be tnnf

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as Toon as any Contributors, their Pi incipaj Sums to be Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have completed their Payments of the whole placed tooths crc nr w; Sum payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand the respective cor.tsibu pounds, the principal Sum or Sums so by them subscribed and paid reflectively, shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, completing such Payments respectively; and the Persons to whole Credit such principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Cor^ whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England \ and such Sums shall carry an Annuity after l. per Ceiio the Rate of three Pounds per Gentian per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable, acccording to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accomptant General of Accomptant General to the Bank of England shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon the Payment of thirty Pounds sive cied'f for

on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for every one hundred Pounds so subscribed as aforesaid, towards the said Sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds, to give Credit, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, to such respective Contributors so making such Payments, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, for the said Annuity, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence, for every one hundred Pounds subscribed, and whereof thirty Pounds shall have been paid as aforesaid; and all such Annuities shall and may from thenceforth be from Time to Time assigned and transferred inboaks to be provided and kept for that Purpose by the said Accomptant General, separately and distinctly from the other Annuities established by this act; and the said Annuities, after the Rate of one Pound Annuities to continue to

two Shillings and six Pence, shall continue to be paid out of the Fund hereby established for that Pur b for 99 ye rs*

pose for the certain Term of ninety-nine Years, to be computed from the said fifth Day of January cue thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and at the Expiration of such Term shall cease, and be extinguished.

And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it outer ue' sinking

shall happen, that the Produce of the said Duties hereby granted for Payment of the said several Annuities, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges directed to be paid at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus

Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such

Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former at or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be, from Time to Time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Moneys of the said Duties hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities as aforesaid which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys rep!outerti.c shall be issued out of the Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the surpl, sr

first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there flail he Surplus Mws reor/ed any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Duties hereby granted, after the said several and respective Annuities and Charges, and all Arrears thereof, are satisfied, or Money suffici jr umefl ent shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Overplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, he reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And, for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lottery, be it further enacted

Managers and dir?£tpi's of the Lottery to be

Trealu y.

by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or n0.ved b^the any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Directors to be done and performed; and that such Managers or Directors shall meet together, from d ime to Time, at some public Office or Place for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts in them reposed by this Act; and that the said Managers and Directors, or mythr.a of so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall cause Books Book' to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns; and upon the innermost of the said three Columns there shall be printed sixty thousand fi ickets, to be numbered I, II III and so onwards in an arithmetical Progression, where the common Excels is to be one, until they rise to and for the Number of sixty thousand; Upon the middle Column in every of

Y y y 2 the

V

!; Lot ter V

5 3 2 C 7. Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

the said Books shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the said Books there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets hall sever ally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (beftdes the Number of such Ticket, and the present Year of our Lord Christ) Words to this Esse;

HIS Picket will entitle the Bearer thereof to Six Pounds, or to a better Chance, in a Joint ' JL Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrable at i the Bank of England.'

d«p': c.'.tes also of the

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as fiio Tickets to be pre. shall be present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, shall carefully examine all ctll^nsb00ksw0 Books, with the 1ackers therein, and take care that the lame be contrived, numbered, and

v/bb bo: Tickets mac*c5 according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A!; and Avail deliver, or cause to be delivered, to be printed.*" the same Books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the said Cashier or Cashiers,

from such Cashier or Cashiers an Acknowledgment in Writing, under his or their Hand or importing his or their Receipt of such Book or b^oks, and so many Tickets therein as shall tie delivered to him or them respectively; and all and every such Cashier or Cashiers respectively is and are hereby directed and required, upon his or their receiving every or any entire Sum of ten Pounds, in full Payment of a Picket, from any Person or Persons contributing or adventuring as

T'inr^o. i a rut nnr rvt thp fair! Bonk or Books f L "* ' 1^n 1'r'

taking

Hands

shall permit

Ticket in the same Book;

correspondi

and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers shall deliver to the said

Contributor the Ticket so cut off, which he, she, or they, are to keep and use for the better afeer taining and securing the Interest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall or may have in the said Fund.

Cashiers to return tl e

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cashier or Cashiers, Cooks with the Remain on or before the fecor.d Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall re deliver derot the Tickets. to the said Managers and Directors, at their said Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not have cut out and delivered to the Contributors as aforesaid; shall then and there also deliver to the said Managers and Directors a true and just Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, by or for the Tickets delivered or to be delivered out pursuant to this Act, and how the same, or how much thereof, shall have bcenactually paid by such Cashier or Cashiers into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Purposes herein mentioned: Anil that the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall he present at a Meeting as aforesaid, Avail forthwith cause all the T ickets of the said outermost Columns which shall not have

Kaltd

ng Money tortne Purposes m this Act mentioneu, as the k, onimillioners ot Lis majesty's Treasury or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge reasonableand sitting, ts cf ihc mkidls

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major part of cc iris to be roiled up, them, which shall he present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets of the middle co asd fafiit.cd uim sjk; j; T, ns the Books made out with three Columns, as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to thern, by or from the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made (aft with Thread: nd cu: t(f indrr.tw 'e or Silk; and the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their him i Box marked with Presence, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will be there, cause all the Hid t. (Aj 'Pickets, which are to be so rolled up and made fall as aforesaid, to be cut off indent wife through the said

oblique Lines, Flouriflits, or Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to lie marked p. X ro be locked up and with the Letter (A) whi. h is presently to be put up into another strong Box, and to be locked with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and sealed with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until the said Tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the Tickets in the first or innermost Columns of the said Books, shall remain still in the Books for discovering any Mistake or Fraud (if any such shoulj happen to be committed J contrary to the true Meaning of this at.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and dircc w.ch 2c - umo joncach tors, or the major Part of them, which f Lai 1 be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, wh cb (0, 000 Tick or cause to be prepared, other Books in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns; and upon the innermost of those two Columns there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed sixty thousand Tickets, all which shall he of equal Length and Breadth, as near as may be; which two Columns in the said Books shall be joined with some flourijli or Device, through which the outermost Tickets may be cut off indent wile; and that eleven thousand nine hundred and fortyfive Tickets, Part of those to

bo

rvm to be prrp.ired

rls to t; rmtej.

533

Anno primo Georgii III.

C 7.

be contained in the outermost Columns of the Books safe mentioned, shall be, and be called the Fortunate Tickets, to which extraordinary Benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, cr such of them, as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said Fortunate Tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner following; that is to say, upon two of them several iy ten thousanj Pounds principal Money; upon two of them several iy five thousand Pounds principal Money; upon every one of four of them several iy, two thousand Pounds principal Money; upon everyone of ten of them several iy, one thousand Pounds principal Money; upon everyone of twenty of them several iy, five hundred Pounds principal Money; upon every one of one hundred of them several iy, one hundred Pounds principal Money; upon every one of two hundred and one of them several iy, fifty Pounds principal Money; upon every one of eleven thousand six hundred and six of them several iy twenty Pounds principal Money: Which principal Sums, so to be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said Fortunate Tickets, together with five hundred Pounds principal Money, to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn Ticket, and one thousand Pounds principal Money to the Owner of the lafi drawn Ticket, over and above the Benefits which may happen to belong to the two lafi: mentioned Tickets, and, together with the Sum of six Pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each Blank or Unfortunate Ticket of the said Lottery, will amount in the Whole to the principal Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, to be converted into Annuities by virtue of this Act in respect of the said Lottery; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said Tickets, contained in the outermost Columns of the said lafi mentioned Books, to be, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the majot Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence cf such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fafiened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cutout indentwise through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box, to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (B), which Box shall be put into another firong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets shall also be drawn in the Manner and Form herein afeer mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up, and cutting ofi", and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and sealing the aid Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the lafi six Days immediately preceding the Day by this at appointed for the Drawing said Lottery: And to the End every Person concerned may be well allured that the Counterpart of the same Number with his or her Ticket is put into the Box marked with the Letter (A) from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some public Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of putting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the end that such Adventurers, as shall be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the sixteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said Lveral Boxes, with all the Tickets therein, to be brought into the Guildhall of the City of London, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, by nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, and shall then and there several iy attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said Tickets, to be several iy taken out of the other two Boxes, in which they shall have been locked up; and the ickets or Lots in the respective innermofi Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as will be t iere for the Satisfaction of themselves, well fnaken and mingled in each Box difiindtly; some one indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed by the said Managers, or the major Part of them, cr such of them as shall be then present, shall takeout and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said eleven thousand nine hundred and fortyfive fortunate, and forty-eight thousand and fifty-five Blank Tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number, as well of the Fortunate as the Blank Ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall both be put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets* then the principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums whereunto they shall be entitled respectively, and two of the said Managers shall set their Names as witnesses totuch Entries; and the Lid Fortunate and numbered Tickets so dtawn together, shall be put upon another file; and so the said Drawing of the A --, t'1 rt"'r " 1

The Number and Value of the fortunatetickets.

500l. to the first drawn Ticket, and iocol. to the List drawn.

Tickets of the outermost Columns of the aft mentioned Book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwise, into a Box marked with the Letter (13)

Box to be locked up and sealed.

Public Notice to be given of Times of pu ting the Tickets into the Boxes.

Lottery to begin drawing on 16 Nov. 1761.

Wethod to be observed in drawing, c.

naming m

Tickets, and one more for the lafi drawn as aforesaid, shall be completely drawn; and as the same cannot be performed in one day's Time, the said Managers or Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked

up

After each D ry's Drawing, the Duxes to be locked up and iva'.ed.

534

Numbers of lire fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed.

Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the tianagers.

Penalty of forging Tickets or Certificates,

Felony.

Managers to be fvvern.

The Oath,

Cashier, on receiving the Residue of the Sums subscribed,

to give Receipts for the same;

the Bearers entitled to i Lottery Ticket for every 10 1. subscribed.

Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, to forfeit their de posits.

C 7. Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

up and sealed in manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Dav, and so from Day today, and every Day (except Sundays, christmas day, Thanksgiving and Sass Days) and then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole Number oi eleven thousand nine hundred and fortyfive fortunate ickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn as aforesaid 5 and afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the fortunate Tickets drawn against the same, hall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers, until they flail take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the Property thereof.

XXXIII. And to the cud the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what Degree they have been so; Be it enacted, That the said Managers hall, as soon as conveniently may be, after the said Drawing is over, cause to be printed and published the Number of the Tickets drawn against each fortunate Ticket, and the principal Sum written on the same; and if any Contention or Di fpute shall arise in the adjusting the Property of the said fortunate Tickets, the major Part of the said Managers agreeing therein, flail determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And if any Person or Persons flail forge or counterfeit any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, to be made forth by this Act, or alter any the Numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged, or counterfeit Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, or flail bring any forged or counterfeit Ticket or Certificate, or any Ticket or Certificate the Number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said Managers, or any of them, or to the Cashier or Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention; then every such Person or Persons, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And the said Managers and Directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised, required, and empowered t: > cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his acting in such Commission, flail take the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me; and that I will not use 4 JL any indirect Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any indirect Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or Fortunate Lot, for myself, or any other Person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my Endeavour to prevent any undue or fmifter Practice to be done by any Person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my Judgement, declare to whom any Prize, Lot, or Ticket of Right does belong, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of Parliament made in the first Year of his adajeffy's Reign in that Behalf

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other Managers and Directors.

XXXV. Provided always, That it flail and maybe lawful to and for the said Cashier orcafhiers, having given Security as aforesaid, at any Time or Times, before such Cashier or Cashiers shall have received any Book or Books from the said Managers, comprehending the said sixty thousand Tickets as aforesaid, in three Columns as aforesaid, to receive from any Person or Persons who will voluntarily offer, contribute, and advance the Residue of any Sum of ten Pounds, or several Sums of ten Pounds upon this Act as aforesaid, the Sums so offered to be contributed or advanced at one entire Payment, or in such Proportions and Manner as aforesaid, before such Cashier or Cashiers flail have received such Book or Books; and the said Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Note or Receipt under his or their Hand or Hands for the Sum or Sums so contributed; and shall be obliged thereby, and by this Act, to give the Bearer of every such Note or Receipt, a Ticket or Tickets of the extreme Column of the three Columns Book or Books aforesaid, for every ten Pounds so contributed, paid, or answered, as soon as lie or they shall be enabled thereunto, by Delivery of any such Book or Books to him or them from the said Managers as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor or Adventurer, as aforesaid, who flail have advanced and paid down to such Cashier or Cashiers a Proportion of his, her, or their considera tion money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, do not advance and pay unto such Cashier or Cashiers the remaining Part of his, her, or their consideration money so to be paid, in full, for such Tickets as aforesaid, on or before the Times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that then, and in every such Case, every such Contributor or Adventurer flail forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the Use of the Public, the Proportion of his, her, or their purchase money, which he, she, or they flail have so paid down as aforesaid; in such Case no Ticket or "Pickets shall be delivered out by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Contributor or Contributors making such Default; hut the Ticket and Pickets which should have been delivered to such Contributor and Contributors, had they paid the full Money for the same, shall be returned and delivered to the said Managers and Directors by the said Cashier or Cashiers, together with the other "Pickets (if any) in the outermost Column of the Book and Books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared,

which

Anno primo Georgii III.

7- 535

which shall not have been disposed of to Contributors as aforesaid; such Ticket and Tickets upon and for which Defaults of Payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, with other the said undisposed Tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as Cash, and to be issued, sold, and disposed of, for the Purposes and in the Manner herein before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed Tickets; and the said Contributor and Contributors making such Default, shall not have or receive, or be entitled to have or receive, any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of the Money which he, she, or they shall have paid, for or towards the Purchase of such Ticket or Tickets; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys Managers, c. to be to arise by and out of any of the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, it shall and may be Pr, ld by the comrr.if lawful to and for any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, cr the High Treaftirer for the Time being, to reward the said Managers and Directors, and the Clerks and oi ficers to be em mon°y.the ouc'y ployed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this Affair, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expenses as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such manner as any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall limitation of Sale of sell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or any Share or Shares of Chance'j><scc*

any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, for a Day, or Part of a Day, or for a longer Time Icfs than the whole Time of drawing the Lottery then to come; or flail receive any Money whatsoever in consideration of the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, in case any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery shall prove fortunate; or shall lay any Wager relating to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, cither as to the Time of such i icket or Tickets being drawn, or whether such Ticket or Tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every Person and Persons who shall offend in any of the aforesaid Matters, shall, forfeit and pay treble the Sum and Penalty.

Sums of Money which shall have been received by such Person and Persons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at tvejhnirsler; in which no Elloin, rotedlion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and every such Sale, Wager, or Contract, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Persons selling Shares In. shall keen any Office or Offices, or shall print or publish any Scheme or Proposal, for receiving any Tlckets f which they Sum or Sums of Money in consideration of any Interest to be granted for the same, in any Ticket oraie not foikkej> Tickets in the said Lottery, whereof such Person or Persons shall not then be actually possessed, or

in consideration of any Sum or Sums of Money to be repaid in case any Ticket, or Number of rickets, in the said Lottery, which shall not be in the actual Possession of such Person or Persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ in which no Eft'oin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall suffer three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offence against this Offences committed in Act, or any of the Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom, for preventing private and unlawful irel?n<5 agair'^ Affs for Lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment, lotterict^dcchi emo te to be inflicted in like manner as if the Offence was committed in this Kingdom; and that such Penal pimifhable, ties as, by this Act, or any of the said Acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's ard may be sued for in Courts of Record at Westminster, shall, in case of Offences committed against this Act or any of the Dublin said Acts in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

XLI. And to the end that all and every the Payments, as well upon the fortunate as upon the After the dnwing of unfortunate 'Pickets, may be more easily ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the Persons who shall Loner>' the ric': tks to be and become entitled thereunto; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as or utl'

conveniently may be, after the Drawing of the said Lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the said Tickets to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for Certificates to be ligned by such of the said Managers as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Managers as any three or more of the Com Managers to glvcn'o missioners of the Treasury, or the Pligh Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint to take in the said Tickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely Notice, by Advertisement to be printed and published in manner as they shall think fit, of the Days and limes for taking in the said Pickets, and delivering out the said Certificates, for and in lieu of the same and every person's Certificate shall be numbered in course, according to their bringing their Ticket to the Managers so to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which Purpose, such Managers shall Rooks to be kept r

tic: of the tine t«r tailing in the Tickets, and delivering nut the Certificates,

enter, or cause to be entered, into a Book or Books to Ik

by them kept for that Purpose, the Name tering Pcifu is narncf>

of

C 7.

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

cipal Sums in ihe cciti fica'ts.

536

cf every Pt rfoii who hall bring any Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for suck Certificate or certi and the Number of their fkr.tes, and the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets which shall be so brought by such m.icksts, c. Person or Persons, the Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month,

and the Year of" our Lord, when the same was so brought, which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Certificates to be figr.cj, Persons concerned tc psrufe; all which Certificates shall be ligned by the Managers so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being.

Accomptsnt General to xeiil And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General give Credit for the pi.n cp t]v. x3ank of England for the time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall, upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept, for the principal Sums Afilgnments rr.ry !e contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whole Credit such Principal Sums shall be made of the iaia Sum?, entered in the said Book or Bocks, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and c Assigns, Hi a 11 and may have Power to assign or transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion

thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in Books to be prepared and kept by the said accoirptantgener.il; and the said Principal Sums so assigned or trans ierred shall carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by virtue of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in manner herein Certificate? to be filed after mentioned; and the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, is end cancelled, and Xotes hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates, as they shall from Time to Time to be given in luu be received and taken in by him; and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his tleltor, Hand, testifying the Principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said Book or Books,

by reason or means of the Certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

A Chief Cashier, and

XLIV. And for the more easy and stirc Payment of all the Annuities established by this Act, Be Accomptant General, to jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of th/pfyanvui England, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities after the Rate ties. 0 of three Pounds jer Centum per Annum shall be redeemed, and until the said Annuities after the Rate

of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum for the Term of ninety-nine Years shall be determined, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys by this Act treaf.iry to issue Money appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said several and for that I'urpoie to the respective Annuities, and other Payments herein directed to be made out of the said Moneys, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, cr any three or more of them, or the High treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had, and obtained, in that Beliaif, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment ill this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for the Time being, by way of Impress, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities, payable by virtue of this Act; and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall, from Time to Time, be issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

Accomptant Gcnora) to

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant Gener. 1 ermine the Receipt? for t^c Time being shall, from Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the — said Cashier o. can.iers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in older to prevent anykraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all Persons who shall be intitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, Annuities deemed a Per and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be pofi effed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which lj.nai Estate, c. shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Cuilom of London, or otherwise; Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

themon es which shall XLVE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to which any firi b"*"vir 1 u q( th*>cr on or ^cl'sons shall become iniitled by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or^y 1 1 ° '* contributed towards the said Sum of eleven millions four hundred thou send Pounds, on which the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be attending, and the Principal Sums to be determined by the drawing of the said Lottery, to be attended with Annuities after 15 be made Part of the the like Rate, Avail be added 10 the J oint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Hank of England y

said Cashier;

who is to account for the lame.

ul Annuities at ihe Rate aforesaid.

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

7- 537

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly Transfer Books to ie kept by the said Accomptant General for the Time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of kept by the Accordant all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand General.

Pounds, and also all Alignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said

Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, shall, at all, seasonable Times, be entered and registered;

which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties Method of transferring

making such Alignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or^cocic>

Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and 'Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of aligning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

xlvill. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from the Time of giving Credit, as aforesaid, for the said Annuities, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum, the said Annuities shall be a separate and distinct Stock from the said consolidated Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and separate and distinct Books shall be kept for aligning and transferring the said Annuities, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided also, That all Persons possessed of any Share orlnterest in either of the said Annuities devlfeable by Stocks of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will, in Writing, Will, attested by two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such De Entry to be made of vise, till so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate, or Interest in the said Stocks of ch Clause in the Will. Annuities be entered in the said Office; and that in default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share,

Estate, or Interest in the said Stocks of Annuities, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Sue transfer not liable to celtors, 'and Assigns; that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Trans Stamp Dunes, fers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

L Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys tre.ifnry to pay all in arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of twelve millions, any three or more off'd£nt Charts attend the Commissioners of the treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to _xccuaon r

discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall and to make an allow be.thought proper, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, ance to the Cashier, and paying, and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have Power to make out of the acccrnpt nt cneia > Fund hereby established, or out of the Sinking Fund', such further Allowances as shall be judged reasonable, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities payable by virtue of this Act; and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accomptant General, for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer to be at the Difyofal of or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the use and Benefit of the said Governorthe Governor and com and Company, and at their Disposal only. - _ Pan? of the pink

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Go bani<; co c.°'ltinu_e 3 Cor" vernor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption F°J*P°7 u of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, rbl, es e re e shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, till all the Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum by this Act granted, shall be redeemable by Parliament as aforesaid, and until the said Annuities, after the Rate of one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum per Annum, for the said Term of ninety-nine Years, shall be determined; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any disabi lity for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

LIE And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded No Fes for Payment of or taken of any of his Majesty's Stibjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, or Contribution money, any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum great or final], to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon pain that any Offender, or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party' aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of jiis majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evi General issue. dence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or he nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, Treble Costs, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's. j. j

vql. VIII Zzz CAP.

538 G. 8 — 11.' Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore! Refer to 33 Geo.

2. C 8. And see Geo. 3. c. 8.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Preamble, ' 'll WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned hath been found useful and beneficial to the

Public, and is near expiring, and fit to be continued; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par aft 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade cf kis Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in force for five Years, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day of jure one thousand seven hundred and thirty which was continued by three? and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Adds 11cvr'2. 1 ' jd' male in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty sixth, twenty-ninth, and thirty first Years of the Reign

Geo. &c. '2 V A Geo. 2. of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand C 32. 29 Gn. 2. C 26. seven hundred and sixty one, shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued from the Expira

further

Sept. 1

continued to 29 tion thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, 74*63- and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. X

Preamble, reciting at 32 Geo. 2,

C 12.

An Act for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs lard and Grease.

WHEREAS an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland, hath been found of great Utility and Benefit to the Public, 'and if the same was extended to Hogs lard and Grease, would be it further Utility; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enated; and be it enacted by the kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and The recited at extend Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said ed to Hogs lard and recited Act shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend, to Hogs lard and Grease, during the Continuance of the said Act.

Continued by Geo. 3.

CAP. XL

C t.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his most Excellent Majesty now stands seized of the Duchy of Cornwall, and the Possessions thereof: And whereas some Doubts may arise in relation to his Majesty's C granting Leases, and making Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging: For obviating whereof, and for the Ease and Quiet of the Alinds of such Persons as have taken, or shall hereafter take Leases from his said most Excellent Majesty: And to the end that such Persons maybe sure to have good and indefeazable Estates, and be encouraged to lay out Moneys in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several Lands and Tenements to them demised, or to be demised; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, i.e.f's ir, <2 Grants mjdc and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all iy Copy c Court Pvoil, Leases and Grants, made or to be made, by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Custom of the respective Manor or Manors of the said Duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging; and all Leases or by Letters Patents or and Grants, made or to be made within seven Years next ensuing, by Letters Patents, or inden ycaivttcomc!.? ary tures wider the Great Seal of Great Britain, or Seal of the Court of Exchequer, or by Copy of Court offices, lanj'! or He Roll, according to the Custom of the respective Manors, of any Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, rrditaments, paicd of Tenements, or Hereditaments (other than Honours, Lordships, or Manors) Parcel of the possessions the Duchy of Cornwall, of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, shall be good and effetual in Law, according cr Mn; cdc. rtto, d -- to the purport and Contents of the same Copies, Leases, and Grants, against our Sovereign Lord the thvcrcwn - Cglin King, his Heirs and Successors, and against all and every other Person or Persons, that shall at any

Time

2

Anno primo Georgii III.

C 12

r 539

Time hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy the said Duchy, by force of any act of Parliament, or by other Limitation whatsoever.

II. Provided always, That every such Lease or Grant so made or to be made be not for more than so as such Leases be not one, two, or three Lives, or for one and thirty Years, or under, or for some Term of Years deter for more than 3 Livfs» fninable upon one, two, or three Lives, and not above; and if such Leases or Grants be made indetermlubk u^n2wm pv.eversion or Expedfancy, that then the same, together with the Estates in Possession, do not exceedlives at the'most0"and three Lives, or the Term of one and thirty Years, or some Term of Years determinable upon one, if in Expectancy or re two, or three Lives, and be not in any wise made difpunishable ofwalle, and so as upon every such verf, on>1101 exceeding 3 Lease or Grant be or shall be reserved the ancient or most usual Rent, or more, or such Rent as hath°*s

been reserved, yielded, or paid for the same Manors, Lands or Hereditaments, for the greater Part of divunifoablhi

twenty Years next before the making of the said Leases; and where no such Rent hath been reserved Waste, and ihc ufml or payable, that then, upon every such Lease, there be or shall be reserved a reasonable Rent, Rent; not beingunder the twentieth Part of the clear yearly Value of the Manors, Messuages, Parks, Lands, cr> w^sre there was Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such Lease or Grant; and all Leases and Grants otherwise made, or to be made, hall be null and void.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, The Covenants, c. in Conditions, Reservations, and other Agreements, contained in every Lease, Grant, or Copy of Court such Leases or Gfants Roll made or to be made as aforesaid, hall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Wordsdeemed e°od inlavv* and Contents of the same, as well for and against them to whom the Reversions of the same Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments hall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants, or Copies shall come respectively, as if our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty at the Time of making such Covenants, Conditions, and Reservations, and other Agreements, were seized of an absolute Estate in fee simple in the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments: Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Sue Reservation of Rights, cessors. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, and his Heirs and Successors, and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and his and their Heirs, and all and every other Person and Persons, that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy the said Dukedom of Cormvally by force of anyatftof Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoever) all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Tenures, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality soever, of, in, to, or out of the said Offices, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, as they or any of them had, or ought to have had, before the making of this alto all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and ample Manner and Form, as if this act had never been had or made; this at, or anything herein contained to the contrary, notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; See farther z Geo. 3. C and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

EXP. Farther Time given to 12 Feb. 1762. zgco' 3* c 5*

---

CAP. XIII.

An Act to amend an act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble, reciting Act 18 Geo. 2. c. 20.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the eighteenth year of his late Majesty King George the Second, of glorious memory, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign,

[See 5 Geo. 2. c. 18.]

---

intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Person should be capable of being a Justice of the Peace, or of acting as such, for any County, Riding or Division, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, who Should not have either in Law or Equity, to and for his ownufe and Benefit, in Possession, a Freehold, of, or Customary Estate for Life, or for some greater Estate, or an Estate for some long Term of Years, determinable upon one or more Life orxives, or for a certain Term, originally created for twenty-one Years, or more, in Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, lying or being in that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, over and above what should satisfy and discharge all Incumbrances that affect the same, and over and above all Rents and Charges, payable out of or in respect of the same, or who Should not be seized of or entitled unto,

inlaw or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, lying or being as aforesaid, which, were leased for one,

two or three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable upon the Death of one, two, or three Lives, upon reserved Rents, and which were of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds; and who Should not before he takes upon himself to at as a Justice of Peace, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, at some General or Quarter Sessions for the county, Riding, or Division, for

C

3'

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

which he did or should intend to act, first take and subscribe the Oath in the said Act mentioned; which Oath so taken and subscribed. as aforesaid, Should be kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, Riding, or Division, for the Time being, among the Records ol t' e Sessions, for the said County, Riding, or Division: it was by the said Act further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, any Person who should act as a Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Division, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, without having taken and subscribed the said Oath as aforesaid, or without being qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, should, for cvcryduch Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, and applied in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Persons who were luflices of the Peace at the Time of the Demise of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and who have been or shall be constituted Justices of the Peace, by or under any Commission of the Peace granted, or which shall be granted, 'by his present Majesty can act as Justices of the Peace, and open and hold any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, before they shall have taken and subscribed the said Oath, in Manner and at the Place as by the said in part recited Act is directed and required, for want of which there may be a Failure of the due Execution of the Laws of this Realm: 'Now for clearing such Doubts, and preventing any Inconveniences that, may arise; Be enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

lc Ute Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority inch at 0j tpjc famci That all Persons who were Justices of the Peace at the lime of thedemife of his said

jj' lty

afterwards in ihs com mtflion of the Peace, thill tike ihe Oaths of Office, before the Clerk of the Peace;

and a them valid.

1 Acts done by tie declared to be

All who were Justices at it th Demise of the King, or shall be hi

VI. j rh V " a any being late Majesty King George the Second, or who shall he Justices of the Peace at the Time of thedemife of his present Majesty, or any of his Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, and shall afterwards be appointed Justices of the Peace, by any Commission granted, or which shall be granted, by his said present Majesty, or which, after his Demise, hall be granted by any of his Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, and who shall take the Oaths of Office of a Justice of the Peace for any County, City and County, Town and County, Riding, or Division, before the Clerk of the Peace of the respective County, City and County, Town and County, Riding, or Division, for which any and tl.o^e wlioifi.h hac such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall act, or intend to act, or the Deputy of such respective liken and qfir.bed at c]ei £ of the Peace, and who shall have taken and subscribed at some General or Quarter Session of <. i^'ccvrv<3 b°there ^eace the said Oath, by the said herein before in part recited Act of the eighteenth Year of his cued Art 3 Geo. 2. said late majesty's Reign, differed and required to be there taken and subscribed, shall and may aft: miy ad as Justice, with as a Justice of the Peace for such County, City and County, lown and County, Riding, or divi out taking and iubimb flon, without being obliged to take and subscribe again the said Oath, without incurring any Penalty nigagam the nt afore qr f'orfejtlire for the not taking and subscribing thereof; the said herein before in part recited Act, or any other Statute, Law, orulage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: that all Acts, Flatters, and 'Filings done or to be done by all and every such Justice and Justices, or by Authority derived, or to be derived, from him or them, are and shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be of the same Force, effect and Validity, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same respectively would have been, if such Person or Persons had taken and subscribed such Oath, by the said herein before in part recited act required to be taken and subscribed, at some General or Quarter Session for such County, City and County, Town and County, Riding or Division, lor which he or they did or should at, or intend to act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing this Act, no Person who hath already taken, or shall hereafter take, the Oaths usually taken by a Justice of the Peace, under a Writ or Commission of Dedimus pote/latem, issued, or which shall be issued, from the Clerk of the Crown, shall be obliged or compellable to sue out or have any other Deditnus Potejlatcm from the said Clerk of the Crown, to authorise any Person or Persons therein to be named to adnii nifter again to any such Justice, on any new Commission of the Peace being issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for any County, City and County, Town and County, Riding, or Division in England or Wales, the Oaths usually annexed to such Dedimus, and taken by a Justice of the Peace; tut upon every ncvycom but that the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, of every County, City and County, Town and Cmh0'; } ncx°a' ittnhc' County, Riding, or Division i England and Wales, for which any such Justice of the Peace hath prepared^whi eh aftjuf already acted and qualified, or hereafter, before the issuing any such new Commission of the Peace, tyres, a they qualify shall act and qualify himself as before mentioned, shall, on every such new Commission of the Peace being issued, prepare a Parchment Roll, with the Oaths annexd to, and usually taken under, the said Writ, or Commission of Dedimus pote/latem, by Justices of the Peace, ingrossed on such Roll, and shall administer, without Fee or Reward, the Oaths in such Roll specified to every such Justice of the Peace within the respective Counties, Cities and Counties, Towns and Counties, Ridings or Divisions, for which he shall respectively aft, or intend to act, and who shall desire to take such Oaths; and that every such Justice of the Peace, after the taking the Oaths contained in the said Roll, shall and the said Rolls are to subscribe his Name on the said Parchment Roll; and the said Roll, with the Oaths so taken and fub ktcords1 of ihescffior.s.c f"cr'hcd, shall be kept by the respective Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties, Cities and Counties, Towns and Counties, Ridings and Divisions, in England and Wales, for the Time being, antongst the Records of the Sessions for the said respective Counties, Cities and Counties, Towns and Counties, Ridings and Divisions.

s'.iso as lure r.ncc taken the tifual Oaths under a Writ of Delimits po icft.tum, are exempted from filing oat another Writ for ad mini firing again the said Oaths to (hem as Justices;

themselves, feribe;

are to fub

r if a* i jr n C ^C i

A.D. 1y6o, f Anno primo Georgii III. c. 14. 541

«.j \

U q'vr r isc w r*1

CAP. XIV.

An Act to extend the Provisions relating to the holding of court-martial, and to the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the Act made in the twenty seventh Year of his dtejmajesty's Reign, entitled An ft for punishing 'Mutiny and De'eriion of Officers and 'Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the I: asti ndies, and for the punishmentofoffences committed in the East Indies, cr at the Island of Saint Helena, to the salt! company's Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal Settlements, wherein the said Company may be hereafter empowered to hold Courts of J udicature.

Preamble, iecirinjr the at 27 Geo. 2. c. 9.

of Offers and Soldiers in the Service of the united Company of Merchants of Engk Raft Indies, and for the Punishment of Of cnees' committed in the Raft Indies, or at the If and of Saint Helena, it was, amongst other thing's, enacted, That, his Majesty might grant a commileon or 4 Warrant, under his Royal Sign Manual, unto the Court of Directors of the said United Company, who, by virtue of such Commission or Warrant, should have Power, under the Seal of the said United Company, to authorise and empower their President and Council for the rime being, at their principal Settlements respectively, or the major Part of them, and their Governor and Council for the time being, at the said Island of Saint Helena, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, to appoint court-martial, and to authorise and empower the Commander in Chief of any Detachment of any of the Officers or Soldiers employed in the said company's Service, to appoint court-martial for the Trial of any of the Officers or Soldiers under their respective Commands, in which court-martial the Offences in the said Act mentioned should be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by the said at is directed; and it is by the said Act provided and enacted, That it should be lawful for his Majesty to form, make, and establish Articles of War for the bet i ter Government of the said United company's Forces, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas, after the passing bf thb said Act, and pursuant to the Powers therein, his said late majesty was graciously pleated to grant 4 a Commission or Warrant, under his Royal Sign Manual, for thcpurpoles in the said Act expressed, and also to form, make, and establish certain Rules and Articles of War for the better Government of the Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the said United Company: And whereas his present Majesty hath been lately graciously pleased to grant to the said Company his Royal Charter for erect ing and holding, at the said company's Settlement of Fort Marlborough, near Beneoolcn, on the West Coast of the Island of Sumatra in thzeajl Indies, Courts of Judicature, as well for Civil as Crimi 4 iv.d Causes, and for other Purposes in the said Charter mentioned and expressed: whereas it will be greatly to the Advantage of the said United Company, that their Prefulents and Council for the time being, at their said Settlement of Fort Marlborough, and also at any other principal Settlement the said Company may hereafter be possessed of, and wherein the said Company shall he authorised to hold Courts of Judicature as herein after mentioned, should be empowered to appoint and hold court-martial, under the like Powers and Authorities, and in like Manner, as the same maybe appointed and held under the said Act at the said company's other principal Settlements in the said Act mentioned / Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty, his Heirs, or successors, may, at any Time or 'Rhymes hereafter, grant a Commission or Warrant, Commissions or Warrants, under his or their Royal Sign Manual, unto the Court of Directors of the said United Company for the Time being, who, by virtue of any such Commission or Warrant, shall have Power, under the Seal of the said United Company, to authorise and empower their Governor and Council for the 'lime being, at their laid principal Settlement of Fort Marlborough, or the major Part of them, and their Governor and Council for the Time being, at every or any other principal Settlement which the said United Company shall at any Time or Times hereafter have, or be possessed of, within the Limits of Trade granted to the said Company, and wherein the holding of Courts of Judicature shall be authorised by any Charter or Letters Patent to be.hereafter granted by his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, from 'lime to lime, to appoint court-martial; and to authorise and empower the Commander in Chief of any Detachment of Officers or Soldiers employed in the said company's Service, to appoint court-martial for the Trial of any of the Officers of Soldiers under their respective Commands; in which court-martial all the Crimes and Offences mentioned and specified in the said in part recited Act, or in the said Rules and Articles of War already made, or in any other Rules and Articles of War to be hereafter made, pursuant to the Powers given by the said recited Act, committed within the said principal Settlement of Fort Marlborough, or the Distribbs thereof, or within any such other principal Settlement as' aforesaid, shall and may be tried and proceeded against; the Sentences or Judgments passed upon such Offenders; executed in such and the like Manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, under and subject to such and the like

Restrictions,

His Majesty may suthe nze the Court of Directors to empower the Governor and Council o their principal settle rpent at Fort Marlborough, or el fewhere, where Courts of Judicature shall be authorised, to appoint coutts martial for Trial cf Offences,

oppreltions, and other illegal Acts committed by the Presidents or Council, may be inquired into and punished by the Court of King's Ilench, cr Court ofcom n.iss.oners in England.

Preamble, reciting al J Geo. 1. c. 50.

X Geo. j, t. 41.

and Geo. 1. c. 8.

C ic, Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

restrictions and Regulations, and by the famemeans, Methods and Proceedings, Manner and Form, as such or the like Offences committed in any of the said company's principal Settlements in the said al mentioned, may or can be tried and proceeded against by virtue of the said Act and Articles of War, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said united company's Presidents, or Council, at their said Settlement of Fort Marlborough, or at any other principal Settlement, wherein the said Company maybe hereafter empowered to hold Courts of Judicature, shall be guilty of oppressing any of his Majesty's Subjects beyond the Seas, within their respective juris diflions or Commands, or shall be guilty of any other Crime or Offence contrary to the Laws of that Part of Great Britain called England, or in force within their respective Jurisdictions or com mnands, such Oppression, Crimes, and Offences, maybe inquired.of, heard, and determined in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or before such Commissioners, and in such County of that Part of Great Britain called England, as shall be assigned by his Majesty's Commission, and by good and lawful Men of the same County; and such punishment shall be inflicted on such Offenders as are usually inflicted for Offences of the like Nature committed in that Part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, late Earl Marischall, a Sum therein limited, out of the Principal Money and Interest now remaining due to the Public on account of the Purchase Money of certain Parts of the forfeited Estates of the said late Earl.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for appointing co?nniijjioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them federally for the Use of the Public; the Estates of all Persons who, since the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, had been, or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen should be, attainted of High Treason committed before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, were veiled in his Majesty for the Use of the rublickand whereas by another Act of Parliament passed in the same Year, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of George Earl of Marischall, William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl <?ysouthefque, James Earl of Panmuir, and others, of High Treason, unless they shall render thenselves to ju/iice by a Day certain therein mentioned; George Keith, late Earl Maris chall, was attainted of High Treason, whereby and by force of the said first recited Act his Estate became vested in the Crown for the Use of the Public: And whereas by another Act of Parliament passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public j and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors by determining the Claims', and for the more effectual bringing into

the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates tilljold; the Estate of the said George 1 Keith, late Earl Marischall, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was vested in certain

Trustees therein named, to be sold for the Use of the Public: And whereas certain Parts or Portions of the said Estate (the Rents whereof then amounted to the neat yearly Sum of two thousand three hundred and eighty-four Pounds eighteen Shillings fourpence and two Thirds of a Penny Sterling) having been put up to public Sale, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, and sold to Robert Hacket, of London, Esquire, for the Sum of forty-one thousand one hundred seventy two Pounds six Shillings nine Pence and two Thirds of a Penny Sterling, Minutes or Articles of the said Sale were, on or about the twenty second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty, executed between four of the Trustees in the said Act named and the said Robert Hacket,

whereby it was declared, that any Superiorities or Feu Duties which belonged to the said George 1 Keith, late Earl Marischall, and which were not expressed in the Particulars of the said Estate

by one of the said Commissioners and the said Robert Hacket, were not to belong to the said

Hacket, but were expressly excepted and reserved to be afterwards exposed to Sale by the said

as they should think fit todiredt; and it was also declared and agreed, that the said Purchase Money, subject to certain contingent Deductions therein mentioned, should be paid into

the Exchequer on the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one j and that,

upon Payment thereof, an Indenture or Contract of Bargain and Sale of the Premisses, should be

executed to, and in Favour of, the said Robert Hacket, or his Assigns: And whereas the said Robert

Hacket, by an Indenture executed by him, bearing Date the seventh Day of March one thousand

hundred and twenty-three, and sccorded in the Books of Exchequer in Scotland, conveyed all his Right to the said Premises to, and in Favour of, the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings: And whereas it appears by a Report of David Mon ' cries, his Majesty's Deputy Remembrancer of his said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to the Barons

of the said Court, bearing Date the twenty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and

fifty six, that there then was remaining due to the Public a considerable Part of the said Price or

Purchase Money (after an Allowance of all Payments and Deductions) together with Interest for

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

j5

34-3

the same, from the Feast or Term of ivhil sundcty, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one

And whereas the said George Keith, late Earl Marischall, did, upon his.most humble and dutiful Subrhiffidh to tii si late Majesty King George the Second, of blessed Memory, 'in the thirty third Year of his said late majesty's Reign, obtain an Act of Parliament for enabling him (amongst other Things) to take, hold and enjoy, notwithstanding his said Attainder, all such lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as he should at any Time or Times thereafter purchase or acquire

and all such Personal Estate and Effebis as he then was, or at any Time or Times thereafter mould.

be, possessed of or iiititl ed unto, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, as he might take, hold,

purchase, acquire, of enjoy the same, in case rio such Attainder had ever been, as in and, by the said several Abls of Parliament, and Proceedings in the said Court of Exchequer, Relation unto them respectively being had, may more fully appear: And whereas, upon the humble Representation of the said late earl's Sufferings, and of the Distresses of his Family, and of his Intention to apply to

i Parliament for an Act of Parliament to grant to him such Principal Money and Interest as remain

t due to the publick, on account of the Price or Purchase Money so contracted to be paid for the said Parts of his Estate, after Payment and Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which

C affected the same at the Time of His Attainder, your Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify

i to your Parliament your Consent that they might do therein as they should think fit: 'Wherefore

your majesty's faithful Commons, in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it

may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coi mons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most His Majesty, c. im

Excellent Majesty, his Heirs, ?!nd'successors, and his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are hereby authorised and empowered, by any Letters Patent or Indenture, or by several Letters Patent or In Marischall, any Sum not

dentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or under the Seal of his Majesty's Court of Exche exceeding 3, 6131. o s.

quer in Scotland, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto the said George Keith, late Earl Maris 3"1* two Twelfths of a

chall, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any of them, or to such other Person or Persons

as his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, shall think fit, and his or their Executors, Admi v/hh sundtv 17tt,

nistrators, and Assigns, to theule of, or ini ruit for the said George Keith, late Earl Marischall, his

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any of them, any Sum not exceeding three thousand six hundred and eighteen Pounds nine Shillings and two Twelfths of a Penny Sterling, Principal

Money, together with Interest for the same, from the Keaft or Term of fvhit sunday in the Year

seventeen hundred and twenty-one, out of such Principal Money and Interest as now remains due <7 of the Purchase and owing to the Public, for or upon account of the Price or Purchase Money so contracted to be and Interei^ due

paid for the said Parts of the Estate of the said George Keith, late Earl Marischall, after Payment and par "of hisestate:

Satisfaction of all lawful Debts and Claims which affebted the same at the Time of his Attainder, or

do now affebl the same, by force of any subsequent Act of Parliament, the Amount of such Principal

and Interest as now remains due and owing to the Public; to be settled and ascertained by the Au The same to be settled

thority of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according to the usual Course of Proceeding prac Court of Exche

tifed in the said Court in the like Cases.;, quer in Scotland.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after such The Money and inte^rt

Grant, the Principal Money and Interest which shall be so granted as aforesaid, and all the Right and ?rarited to vest Title which the Public, or the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for their Life, or leuerspatent*'C

intrust for them, now respectively have in or to the same, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled'

in the Grantee or Grantees to be named in such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures respectively, and his or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, according to the Tenor and Effect cf such Grant; the said Attainder of the said late Earl, and the several Acts of Parliament concern,

And to such

Grantee or Grantees, or his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, according to the Tenor

and Eftebl of the said Grant, the said Parts of the said late earl's Estate, so sold to the said Robertandrter ?3yment there

Hacket, so far as concerns the Principal Money and Interest so granted as aforesaid, shall not be liable

to any Claim or Demand of or by the Public, or of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, to from^uclaim thereon.

their Use, or intrust for them.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Matter and benebcial intcrpretat!on Thing herein contained, shall in all Courts of Law and Equity, and all other Places, be construedof this

and adjudged as largely and beneficially as can be, for the Ends and Purposes herein expressed.

IV. Saving to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Reservation of Rights, other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate (other than and except the said king's

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, in respect of the Principal Money and Interest which shall be so granted as aforesaid) all such Right, Title, Interest,

Claim, and Demand of, in, to, or out of the said Parts of the Estate of the said George Keith, late Earl Marischall, as they severally have or might have, claim, challenge or demand, in case this Act had never been made.

JUVU vjiajtl j me 1u1u ivuiuuu wi vi mv* miiu uiv a aj Jiaiiieiii

ing the forfeited Estates, or any of them, to the contrary thereof, in any vise notwithstanding: alo that from and after Payment of the Principal Money and Interest so granted as aforesaid to

544

tvamble, reciting the several Acts of: S Car, 5-

2 5 Car. 2. C S.

1 Jac. 2 <.

4 W. M. C 24,

& i 5 V 3. C 11.

7 Aani, r. 2 4.

i \nr.y, C 22,

: Geo. 1. c. 43.

9 Geo. 1. c. 19.

Gen. 2. r, 12.

9 Geo. 2. rc 23,

12. Geo. 2. r. 5. 19 Geo. 2. c. 14.

27 Geo. 2., c. 11.

Coinage Duties granted by Act 18 Cjr. 2. continued for 7 Years, from I March 1761.

The rec ted, and other Acts aeon CI ningcoinace, to be in Force during the U'd Tam,

C 16.

Anno primo Georgii III.

i JL w j 1 -

A.D. 1760.

jj il.f - 1 nr s!) !)

XVI; <v.v

r o.

fa

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

May it please your Most Excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charier the Second, and continued, withtome Additions, " by: an Act made in the 25th Year of his Reign, both which Adds were revived, and further continued, by an aisf made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the second, and further continued by several subsequent Adds made iit'th'e fourth Year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, certain Rates, and Duties were imposed on all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, and also on all Brandy whies.and Strong Waters, imported or brought into the Port of London, or into any other Ports, Creeks, or Places, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon twee d, the said 'several Rates and Duties to be applied towards defraying the Charge of the Coinage of gold.and Silver Moneys' in the Mints ff England: And whereas after the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, an Act was made in the seventh Year of the Reign of Queen 'Anne, whereby the like Rates and Duties were granted and made payable for the like Purposes, and for the Term therein mentioned, on all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy Wines and Strong Waters, imported into Great Britain; and the said. Adds made in the eighteenth and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and also an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and every Clause, Article, and Sentence, in the said Acts, or any of them containqd, were revived, and further continued, with some additional Previsions, for the Service of the Mints in England and Scotland respectively: And whereas by an Act made in the jirft Year of the Reign of King George the Firdd, the said several Rates and Duties, and all thblaid former Adda, aiad nil other Adds of Parliament concerning Coinage then being in Force, wefe revived and continued for die further Perm therein mentioned; and aprovision was thereby made for supplying any Defici ency of the Revenue settled for the Encouragement of the Coinage: And whereas the said several Rates and Duties, and all the said Acts concerning Coinage, Were, with a like Provision for sup plying any Deficiency of the said Revenue, further continued by several subsequent Adds made in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late majeldyking George the Second: And whedcas by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty kinggeotge the Second, the said Duties on Brandy Wines and, Strong Waters,

were united to the Aggregate bund, and still continue Part thereof: And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and also by one other Add made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, such only of the said Rates and Duties so granted by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as were thereby charged on the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, and all the said former Adds, «r.dal! other Adds of Parliament concerning Coinage, then being in Force, and the same Provision for supplying any Deficiency of the said Revenue, were further continued, and, by an Act made ifl the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his Taid late Majesty King George the Second, have Continuance for the Space of seven Years from, the fiffd Day of March one" thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, and until the End of the field Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer: And whereas great Benefit hath arisen from the e11couragement of Coinage given by the said Acts, and it is therefore expedient that an adequate Rc 4 venue be settled and continued for the like Purposes: your Majesty's mould dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the Term herein after cxprcfied; and do humbly pray, that if may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this perfect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such and the like Rates, Duties, and Impositions, as by the* laid Add of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second were granted, and, by the said subsequent Adds, were continued, for and upon the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, during the relpeddive Terms therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and he paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, and successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, within or during the Space of seven Years, to commence from the first: Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty onc, and until the End'of the field Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all the said former Adds, and all other Adds of Parliament concerning Coinage, and every of them, and every Clause, Article, and Sentence in them, or any of them, contained, now being in Force, shall he, and are, by virtue of this Act, continued, and shall be in Force, and he duly put in Execution, for and during all such Time and Term as are before mentioned, as fully and cfdedtually as if the lame wrerc particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Add.

II. And, to the end the Importers of Gold and Silver into the Mints of England and Scotland reflectively, may not he discouraged by any Deficiency of the Revenue by this Act settled for defraying the Coinage thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid! it shall and may be lawful

full to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or thetieafury im?owered to High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and M', nies

he or they is or are hereby empowered and directed, out of the Moneys arising by this Act, or out of expences^ti'e any other public Supplies granted, or to be granted, by Parliament, to cause so much Money to be flints in engiand°a»d applied as shall be necessary for defraying the Expenses of the said Mints of England and Scotland re Scotland, spectively, by; way of Impressed and upon Account for that Service, so as the same, together with thef°2*> together with the Coinage Duties arising by this Act, do not exceed, in any one Year, the Sum of fifteen thousand coinaee Duties!, !, Pounds, and so as the said Moneys be issued out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the Master of the Mint in England, and to the Mailer of the Mint in Scotland respectively, for the said Purposes.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Persons, by Losses and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by Sea or Land, yet are detained in Prison by their Creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such

unhappy Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of public Compassion; by several Acts of Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned: Foi the Relief therefore of Insolvent Prisoners and Fugitives who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover, upon Oath, and de

up and assign, all their Effects and Estates whatsoever for the Benefit of their Creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible, the many Frauds and Abuses which, in a great measure, have ob structed the good Ends of such adis be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Alphabetical Lists to be Gaoler, or Keeper of any prison, in any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or li made out of Prisoners in berty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Custody for Debt on 25 List, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who, upon the twen t^n°!'cr 17604 or since ty fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, was, or were, or at any Time since en have been, and at the Time of making out every such List, shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise, and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were re w; t, the Time when spectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person charged, and at whole or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver Suit: the same to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General or General Quarter Session of The same to be delivered the Peace, to be held after the thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, »nto the Quarter sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively,

And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleets and Mar the Warden of the shall of the King's Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners infleef> an Marfoai their respective Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of such General or General Quarter Session ^na^et^cehfo]^ of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the effect following; (that is to say) lowing Oath on deliver

A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, 5 and declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or inserted and 'contained in the first Part of the List by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, really and truly Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol o{[insert the Name

of the Prison'] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned;

and also that all and every Person or Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said List now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have since the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, been committed or fur rendered to the said Gaol or Prison of [insert the Name of the Gaol or Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except such Person or Persons who is or are in such List particularly mentioned and described to have died, been difehar ged, or removed to some other Prison, by Process of Law, since the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty; also except such Person or Persons who is or are in such List particularly mentioned and described to have been permitted to have gone out of the said Pri ' son, by Day Rules of the Court of [Common Pleas, or King's Bench, as the Case fall be) since the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to transudl their Affairs;

and also except such Person or Persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and de:

feribed to have, upon the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty

since, been in the rules of the said Prison [of the Fleet or King's Bench, as the Case shall be]

by Leave of the [jvarclen or Mar fed of the said Prison, as the Case fall be] and have to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly, ever since continued and remained in actual Custody

I

C 17. Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

in the said Prison [of the Fleet or King's Bench, as the Case shall be] or the Liberties thereof, at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons in the said Lists respectively mentioned [and if any Prisoners have since the said twenty ffth Day of October one thousand seven hundred, and sixty y escaped out of either of the said prisonsy then infer ty except f insert the Name or Names of the Prisoner or Prisoners who have.

escapedj who without my Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, hath or have escaped out of the said Prison of and that the said List is a true, exact, perfect, and just List of all such Persons who were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of

on the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and who, since the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred, and sixty, have been committed to,

and really have been, and now is or are Prisoner or Prisoners in nctual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of or the Liberties thereof; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge,

or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with d.efign, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from or under any act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered themselves

been committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison; or since the same twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have resided oiit of the said Prison of

or the Rules thereof [but if any have so done, add, except naming such by Name],

Other Gaolers to take And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Prisons in any County, City, Town, the following Oath on Riding, Division, Place, or Liberty, hall severally, on the delivering in of any such List respectively, delivering m their Lists. take an Oath in the open Court of the General or General Quarter Session of the County, City, Town, Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or he hall deliver in any such List, and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, X and declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names are inserted and contained in the first Part of the List by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the twenty-fifth day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of at

the Suit or Suits of the several Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the Said List now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty-fifth Day October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, been committed or surrendered. to the said Gaol or Prison of (if any such Prisoner or Prisoners hath or have, fnce the said twenty-fifth Day

of october one thousand seven hundred and sixty, been committed or surrendered to such Gaol or Prison) 4 at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned (except [if an Exception is necessary] such Persons as are therein particularly mentioned and describedto have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Prison by Process of Law, or to have escaped out of such Prison, without my Privity, Knowledge, or Consent, since the said twenty-fifth Day of Oc 4 tober one thousand seven hundred and sixty) and that all and every of them, whose Name and Names is and are contained in the first Part of the said List (except as before excepted to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, have really and truly continued and remained in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of ever since the said twenty-fifth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty; that the said List is a true, exact, perfect, and just.lift, of all such Persons as were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Gaol or Prison of on the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and who, since the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (except as before excepted)

to the best of my Knowledge and Belief; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from dr under any act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered, or been committed to the said Prison of or got his, her, or their Name or Names entered as

Prisoner or Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or since their Commitment, have to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, resided out of the said Prison of [if any have Jo

done, then addy except inserting their Names],

The Oaths to be ad/.ii n'.ftered by the Justices in Court,

and c n'ci id and aib fcished at the Ectiom of each List.

i.itt to be kept by the Cieik of the Peace,

Which said respective Oaths the said Justices at the first or second General or Quarter Session aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath herein before directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, hall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the List which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and the Words of the Oath to be taken by every other Gaoler or Keeper respectively, ball be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the List which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court: And every such List which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this act, hall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, Division Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such List as aforesaid shall lie sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners

therein

Anno primo Georgii III.

C 17,

547

therein named; and To as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors of i'uch Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required, ten Days at leaf!: before the first or second General or Quarter Session of the Peace shall be held after the said thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place or Liberty, in which any such Gaol or Prison shall be, or to which the same shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the most frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance into every such Prison, three or more true copies.of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper, at the said General or Quarter Section, or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such List to, be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the twenty-fifth Day of otto ber one thousand seven hundred and sixty, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into, or get his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with a View or Design to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and disc narged from his or her Imprisonment, in such Manner as hereafter is provided.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be in actual Custody at the Time of pasting this Act, and was or were, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, arrested for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any Writ or Process issuing out of any Court of Record, and held to Bail thereon, and did, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty, render him, her, or themselves, or was or were surrendered in discharge of his, her, or their Bail, and thereupon committed to Prison, and has pr have continued therein until the pasting of this Act, by virtue of such Commitment; every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, upon due Proof of the Premises upon Oath, be discharged from such Debt or Demand, in like.manner as if such Prisoner or Prisoners had been actually in Prison upon the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and continued therein as aforesaid; nevertheless to the same restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, herein before imposed upon Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and also subject to the same Terms and Provisions relating to the e state and Effects of every such Prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this kingdom, upon the Petition or any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any justice or Justices of the peace within his or their respective Jurisdictions (upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the Time of his oir her so petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall be To petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery. of his or her real and personal Estate; to be sworn to at the first or second General or Quarter Section next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriff's, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the first or second next General or General Quarter Section of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with acopy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; Warrant of every such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such Justice or Justices, shall, within ten Days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Justices, with whom the same shall be so left, to the clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VIII. 'And be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be discharged under this Act, as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three several London Gazettes previous to such General or Quarter Section, or the Adjournment thereof, at which the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gaol in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some News Paper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be foin Custody; the Name, Trade, or Occupation., and two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning

Copies of the Lists to be delivered in to be fixed up in the Prisons, and on the Gates thereof.

Person? inserted in the Lists being Prisoners, without a fraudulent Intention, on 2 5 Odloter 1760,

conforming to the Regulations of this Act, shall be discharged.

Prisoners in Custody at the Time of pasting this Act, who were arrested for Debt on or before 25 October 1760, and held to be Bail, and rendered themselves. Sec. on or before 28 Nov. 1760, on conforming to the Regulations of this Act, shall be discharged.

Justices upon the Petition of the Prisoner, and his delivering a Schedule of his Estate,

are to issue their Warrant for bringing the Prisoner to the Quarter sef ftons. &c.

with the Warrant of Detainer and Copy of the Writ, c.

Gaoler, &c. to obey such Warrant.

Schedule of the prifo ner's Estate to be trans mitied to the Clerk of the Peace,

for the Inspection of the Creditors.

Prisoners intending to petition for their discharge, are to give previous Notice thereof thrice in the Gazette, and other News Papers;

Contents of the Notice,

5+8

C

17. Anno primo Georgii III A.D. 1760.

tioning such Notice in each Gazette or News Paper, to be the fird, second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; and for the inferring of each of which fard several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other News Paper, there shall be paid, each Time, by every such Prisoner, twopence, and no more: The fird of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other News Paper, as the Case may require, thirty Days at lead, and the lad of the said Notices ten Days at lead, before any such fird or freond General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof shall be held as aforesaid; that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Prisoner or Prisoners in Cudody, as those Creditors who have charged such Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be brought to any General or General Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and News Papers before mentioned to the said Justices at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were so inserted in the London Gazette, and other News Papers, where required, in manner as herein before is directed; and that the Person or Persons so petitioning, was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or since, in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their, Name or Names is or are specified in the Lid of Prisoners, there delivered in at any such fird or second Session, or any Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this ACV, shall, in open Court at the said General or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her real Estate, either in Podession, Reverdon, Remainder, or Expectancy; and also of the Whole of his or her personal Estate which he or die, or any Person or Persons intrud for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit, or Advantage, is or are seized of, interedej in, or entitled to, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnedes who can prove such Debts or Contracts (if there beany such) and shall also make Oath and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

ad. each Time and no more, ro be paid for in fertias such Notices. First Notice to be inserted Days, and the last jo Days before the Quarter Sessions, c.

Ptifoner being brought into Court, due Publication of the Notices re ctiirec being proved, cis

to deliver in a Schedule of his Ertute, Debts ard c.editors.

Prisoner'$ Oath on deli vering in the said Sche

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That on the twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, I was a Prisoner, or else/a* the Case may be, that, since the twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, I have fur rendered, or have been committed to the Prison of in discharge of my Bail, or for Want of Bail, as the Case shall be; and that I was actually arreded before the said twenty-fifth Day of (Jtlober one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in the aion or Suit, actions or Suits, in which I surrendered, or was committed, as aforesaid, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I have, ever since my said Surrender or Commitment, continued

a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Cudody of the Gaoler or Keeper

of the said Prison of or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of

and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Shedule now delivered by me and subscribed, doth contain, to the bed of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, jud, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, effects, and Estates, real and personal, either in Podession, Reversion, Remainder, or expectancy, which I, or any Person in Trud for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, am seized or possessed of, intereded in, or entitled to; and of all Debts a are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trud for me; and of all the securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become paya able, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trud for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnedes that can prove such Debts or Contracts, if any such there be tand that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trud for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate, real or personal, in Podession, Reversion, or Remainder or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; except Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, and these in the whole not exceeding the Value of ten Pounds; and that I have not, nor nor anybody for me hath, directly or indirectly, sold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of intrud, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estate, real or personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am or was indebted in any wise whatsoever.

So help me GOD

Schedule and Oath to be And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Prisoner subscribed in the Presence of the subscribed in the Court; Justices in open Session of the Peace as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with, and lodged with the the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Division, Town, or Place, where the same clerk of the Peace, lor f})a]i be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Prisoner who ciedpors!nlna!, 0a ° 'C desire, or may L avc Occasion, to resort thereto; and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the daytime, to perufc and examine over the same.

X

Anno primo Georgii III.

C 17.

5 49

And be it further enacted, That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such court. if remiirrd by

or Prison, and any other Person, to come before them, and to examine them respectively there on of the Matters prescri oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this act to be taken, bed to be sworn to and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any such The prisoner's Oath not Prisoner or Prisoners shall not be disproved by good Testimoty of any credible Person or Persons be; ns disproved, the on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them, presentatany such General or Quarter Sef, s to 0lfc!: are' fion, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by any such respective Prisoner, then such hirn'

Justices shall - such Session, or some Adjournment thereof, command the said Sheriff' or Sheriffs,

Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners without having or taking any Fee or Reward, other than one Shilling for his or their Attten Upan paying a See of is.

dance with such Prisoner or Prisoners at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournments thereto the Gaoler,

of, in order for his, her, or their Discharge, and which every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or Prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and

take for every such Order: And every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Gaoler indemnified for

Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them lhe escape

against any Escape or Escapes, or action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which mall or may be

brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, In estate and Efforts ofthr terst and Trust, of such Prisoner, of, in, and unto, all the real Estate, as well Freehold and Copy as Cuf Prisoner, upon his dif tomaryhold, and to all the personal Estate, Debts, and Eftedls, of every such Prisoner, shall, immediately c'iarjj=e> to vein the after the Discharge of any such Prisoner, be, and the same is hereby, vested in the Clerk of the Peace of and er 0 the eace> for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty, or Place, where any such Prisoner shall be respectively discharged; every such Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every such prisoner's Estates and Effects vested in such Clerk of the Peace who is to make over the as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of tyre said Prisoner as the Justices at any General or General same to the Assignees Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by thmwithin their named by the Court, respective jurisdictions, shall order or direct (which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stamp'd) and to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed, in the party.or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and af signs, according the Estate and Interest the Prisoner had therein; and for the preparing, ingrossing and for which he is to be paid executing of which Assignment and Conveyance, no Clerk of the Peace shall take any greater Fee than 2S' and no more two Shillings; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of such Prisoner, in respect or in proportion to their respective Debts: And every person and Per a % nees empowered to tonnes to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be. made, is and are hereby fullyue' empowered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her, or their own Name or N. mes, for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner, and also to and exefure an' Trust nr execute any Trust or Power vested in, or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Prisoner; but !"^i>nioner 3 in Trust, for the Benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner; and to give Discharge and Discharges to any Debtor or Debtors to any such Prisoner, as shall be re ^nhe5"je t'c ettit with quisite: And every such Assignee and Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed after his or their ac al sj edj theeftatvand cepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best Endeavours to receive and get in Efforts of the Prisoner, the Estate and effets of every such Prisoner; and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale orarj make Sale within Disposition of Sale, of all the Estates of such Prisoner vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if two Months, of prifo any such Prisoner shall be interested in, or entitled to, any real Estate, either in Possession, Rever net's real Estate, in mansion, or expectancy, the same, within the Space of two Months after every such Assignment and !r afeed utph°"^ a. Conveyance, shall be sold by public au£lion in such manner, and at such Place, as the major Part toitsummoned for that of the Creditors of any such Prisoner who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published purpose; in the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper, if the Prisoner before his going to Gaol resided in London, or in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if. elsewhere, then in some nev/s Paper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner dwelled before he or she was committed to Gaol, thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, or their Hands, agree on: And every such Assignee and Af and, majj a iev, de['q signees, at the End of three Months at farthest from the Time of his accepting any such Assignment or" " ont 15'»Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just: and fair Dividend of all such prisoner's Estates and effets.

which shall have been then got amongst his or her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Credit for's respective Debts; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shy!l

up an Account of such prisoner's Estate, and make Oath in Writing before one or mor Juf c0unts> and verifyingt'a Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Town, Liberty, or Place, m which(, me "p0.11 attu

make tice or

first making up their Aetna

any such Prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and effets of every such Prisoner got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged, were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall 3oda?snotieetobegiv be published in like manner asa Meeting of Creditors is herein before dire6ied to be published, thirty ^n7smak'"& any Dlvl' Days at least before the same shall be made; And no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of Jcne to rective

such'

55°

C

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

Hate and eft'e&s

Share thereof but such such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his respective Debt by as fhajlpiovetheir Debts. Oath, or due Proof in Writing, before some such Justice or Justices; if any Creditor of Debts entered, to be ex such Prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or fairness of any Debt claimed by any other arrined into and deter Creditor, then the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be mmed by the Court. examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner shall hae been discharged, at their next General or General Quarter Session, and what Sirpius of the prisoner's they shall there determine in the premisses, shall be conclusive to all Parties: And if after payment Claims therect*?^ ow pr*f°ner, s Creditors, there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain after Payment of all

the Prisoner.'reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors or Administrators.

No Suit in Equity to be

XLI. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any commenced, but by Con assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoners Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major lent of the Majority in Part, in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to Value of the Creditors. be given in the London Gazette for that Purpose.

clerk of the Peace to

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace of every exhibit to the Creditor, respective County, City, and County Town, and County, Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Li pay mentotis the s° lie berty> and Place, with whom any Schedule of the Estates of any insolvent Debtor or Debtors, fu duie of the pr ifoner's e s'^v, e or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Succefi ors, Clerks of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, or his or their Attorney, produce and show to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the daytime, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, or his predeceltor in that Office; the Person so requiring to see and perufc any such Schedule, paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, in whose Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling, for his Trouble in searching for, and looking cut, such Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party or Parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the A netted Copy thereof to same; and that a true Copy of every such Shedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace in whose cuf b. c. granted j tody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Schedule,

without being wrote on Stamp Paper, and for which Copy no more shall be paid than six Pence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain ninety Words, and foin proportion for a Idler Number of Words which rtizii be Evidence in any Sheet, shall, at all Times, be admicted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the same: cl k of the Peace refu if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or ttng to producec such u"r°fuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule, or to deliver a Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid, in the daytime, on such Copy therco', or takingpayment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ask or take more than after the Rate of exorb tant Fees for the f, X Pence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain ninety Words, and foin proportion for less than ninety

a'ile, Words in a Sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested

as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid; for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who will

prosecute for the same: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited, shall, when recovered, goto

fccutor, a ui the aether to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in the Poor of the Parish. which the Offence shall be committed.

Afijgnees of copyhom

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees, as ami Cuttomary estates to aforesaid, shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any of or Customary Fflrate, as aforesaid,

1 L ° d lie or they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall be held, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission and to be?dnvtt: d te tfi^vto, hath theretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agree junts thereupon. mentor Composition, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be held for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees Tenant to such of or Customary premisses, according to the Custom of the Laid Manor or Manors of which the same shall be held, for and during such Estate and Interest as the Prisoner had therein at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said of or Customary premisses. rhupriamer'f, c.

XV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or aftedt any Estate, rrlffn.i.nilt'l: h, Ai or Interest, or Right whatsoever, of other any Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive, to ca u u yl 15 C 'which may be expedient upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fugitive hereby vested in the said Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person and Persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this Act had not been made.

Efteftj nn the prcettflc',

XVI. Provided further, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Rent, not wiine Rent is due, ate to exceeding two Years Rent, shall be due to any Person or Persons from such Prisoner or Prisoners, at be transferred to llic the Time of his or their respective Discharges, in respect to any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, ]..m m. d. an not mi; then in J, ease to such Prisoner or Prisoners respectively, for Life or Lives, for Years, at Will, or other iver to th: Ai ignas, wjfc^ ncj floods or Chattels then lying or being in or upon the respective Tenements, liable to be distrained, shall be assigned by the Clerk of the Peace in manner aforesaid, but shall, by such Clerk of the Peace, be transferred to such Landlord or Landlords, or some Person or Persons entrusted for

him

forfeits icl. and treble Costs;

One Moiety to the Pro

ova.

D. 1760. Anno primo Georgii III. c. 17. 551

him or them, respectively, towards Satisfaction of the Rent then due, not exceeding two Years Rent, as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons to whom such Alignment and Conveyance shall be made unless they (l>all agree to by such Clerk of the Peace, shall, by Writing under his Hand, or their respective Hands, before fatls yc e an or such Assignment shall be made, agree to pay or satisfy to such Landlord or Landlords the Rent to him or them respectively due, nof exceeding two Years Rent as aforesaid; the Intent that such Landlord or Landlords may be satisfied the Rent or Rents to him or them respectively due, before any Division of the Estate or f.ffedls of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be made among his other Creditors, in like manner as he or they might be satisfied the Rent to him or them respectively due, before the Removal of such Goods and Chattels, by virtue of an Execution, by Force of the Statute made in the eighth Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of Act 8 Annas.

Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act halls "r "te,

extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such judgments, " are to take Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Heredifa p'ace, preferable to ments, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; to prevent any Statute Staple, Claims of an inferior Statute Merchant, Recognisance, or Judgement, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such ifatare*

Prisoner or Prisoners, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or real Estate of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such. Statute or Recognisance, or any Writ of Execution hall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff, or proper Officer, upon any such Judgement, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the personal Estate of every such Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as hall remain really due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognisance, or Judgement respectively, in like manner, as such Mortgagees and Creditors by Statute,

Recognisance, or Judgement, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the real or personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act had not been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to, and claim the Benefit of, this Act,

are seized and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents

on such Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Post eflion or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives; which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoners Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such power; n (he Prisoner of Case, all and every the Powers of leasing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are leasing Lands, acto or shall be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in vest in the Assignees. the Assignee or Assignees of the real and personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners, as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know anything of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers, or Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons; ' Be it therefore enacted, That in every such The Gaoler at the Case, the Person who hall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of or, d.eiivnngltiie any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time of the delivering in the Lists, hereby directed to be delivered in, (^0.°' y a e to C

of Prisoners in any such Gaol or Prison, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some

Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper hall act as Gaoler or Keeper himself) hall take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such Gaol or Prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General or Comt, if required, by a Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought, in editor, opposing the pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Pri pris°ne.', s 1^'lcharge, is foners, who hall oppose his or her Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who [ga fl[h tctthe5gaoter]

acts as Gaoler or Keeper of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be dischargea under this Act, an Oath to the following Effect (that is to say)

I A.B. dofwear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the The Oath,

Prison of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his or her Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of theiaid and produced to this Court, is or are a true

Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.

V

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or if such Person hall net Prison, on the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or since, hall have been the Gaoler on not happen to be, the gaoler.or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at,l<6°' &5; l.hfa

the Time any such List as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such beadmlnhtered tohim!° Session, or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give the respective Person or Persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or dep uted gaoler'or'keeper, of any

such

SS2

C 17.

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

such Gaol or Prison, and deliver in any such List as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison, to the Eftedf following (that is to say)

The Oath.

I A.B. do l'wear, That I have examined the Commitments,

or Books kept of or concerning the Commitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Riding, Division,

City, Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Case shall bej and that I do verily believe

that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear, that was on the

Day of really and truly aprisoner in the actual Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit, by me, or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Ooarf, if required by a Creditor, maysummon the Person who acted as Gaoler On 25 Oct. 1760, or since.

With treble Costs.

Debtors who were beyond the Seas on 25 Oct.

XXI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol Books, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Prison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said twenty-fifth Day of October and examine him touch one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or at any Time since, and to examine every such Gaoler or ing the commitment and Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Continuance m Custody Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjourn

"rv, thereof, shall think fit: And if any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

warrant oro der efthe neglect or refuse to bring before such Justices at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment Court, c. forreits icol. thereof, any Prisoner as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend, on being summoned for that Purpose; if any Gaoler or Keeper attending, shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premilles, as shall be. reasonably required at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof; he, she, or they, so offending in the pre misses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name, and for theufc, of the Party injured, by Action of Debt to be brought in his or her Name, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with treble costs ofsuit.

XXII. And whereas great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their Employments and native Country, and have entered themselves in foreign Service: And whereas their Continuance abroad muftbe of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom In order therefore to induce and enable such Persons to return, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Debtor and Debtors, who was or were actually beyond the Seas in ioreign Parts on the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and did not go into such foreign theinfeivef1 '"m^rlake the arts with the View or Intent to gain or have the Benefit of an Insolvent Debtors aist, who shall Benefit of this Act'return and surrender himself or themselves unto the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of the Prisons of the King's Bench, Marshalsea, or Fleet, or to the Gaoler or Keeper, Or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison or Prisons of such County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Debtor or Debtors last dwelled for the Space of six Months (which said Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, is and are hereby required and empowered to receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their Discharge as herein after mentioned) shall, from and immediately after such Surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a Prisoner or Prisoners within, and be; to all Intents and Purposes entitled to the Benefit of this A<sl; and shall, upon due Proof of the said Premisses, by the Oath of such Debtor or Debtors (not disproved by any credible Witness) be dif rharged in the same manner as if lie, she, or they had been actually in Prison on the said twenty iifth Day of oslcber one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and continued therein as aforesaid; the sane Terms as ject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, other Pnioners.; Conditions, and Qjalifications herein before imposed upon the said Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said twenty-fifth Day of Oblcber one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and also subject to the Terms and Provisions relating to the Estate and effects of such Prisoner as aforesaid; excepting erc^ptinp. such p.inicu only such Particulars thereof, as require the Name of a Prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler's or Uis wherein the Cases of keeper's List as aforesaid, or relate to the Oaths of such Gaoler or Keeper herein before appointed to loth Jitter. be taken, which Particulars cannot poftibly be applied to the Case of Persons surrendering themselves

as aforesaid; also except the said Oath herein before appointed to be taken by Prisoners in Custody upon the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, instead whereof the said Person or Persons so surrendering shall take an Oath in open Court, at fume General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, Place or Liberty, in the Prison of which any such Fugitive or Debtor mall he held, after the Suricnder of any such Fugitive or Debtor, to the Effect following; which the said Justices authorised to put this Act in execution, are hereby required and empowered to administir, in such manner as the Caths herein before mentioned are to be administered.

I A.B.

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

r

553

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, protest, and fugitive's Oath, declare. That I was actually on the twenty-fifth Day of osiober one thousand seven hundred and sixty, beyond the Seas in foreign Parts, videlicet, at and that the Schedule

now delivered and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Real Estate, Goods,

Effedis, and other Personal Estate, in any wise belonging to me; and also of all such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contrails whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or where from any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any other Person or Persons in.

Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contrails, if any such there be; and that neither I, nor any Person or Persons in Trust for me, is or are seized of any Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expectancy, or of any Personal Estate of any Kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except my Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, my Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, not exceeding in the Whole the Value of ten Pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, sold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Real Estate, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, so as to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom to myself or Family, or with any View. Intent, or Design to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective Debts.

So help me GOD

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of Gaoler and Printer of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just cause to be approved of by the Justices °^otha'

at some General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective p]^vnsgttaregda jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General tions in this Act, forfeit or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge, or shall neglect, 1001. to the Prisoner?, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such List, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or with treble Colls of Suit. Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Gaol or Prison on the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or since; shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such Lists as aforesaid; if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of one Shilling herein before allowed for his or her Attendance in order to be discharged of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; if the Printer of the London Gazette, or other News Paper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Name, Trade, Occupation, and last Place of Abode of such Prisoner, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than twopence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner, in any such Case injured, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with treble Costs of Suit, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, prote&ion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, Gaoler, conviaed of per or Keeper, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, shall, in taking any of the afore ju!7, feit, se5°o'via mentioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler Co IS 0 Sult' &c' or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury) shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his or their Executors and Administrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall he made of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; if no such Assignee One Moiety to go to the or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall informer, and the other sue for the said Penalties; to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other towards satisfying the Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such his Creditor or Creditors. 0 tso t ecreditors*

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall delay or Clerk of the Peace re refuse to give every or any such Prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within ten Days after his or her ^rins 1 n.rt^f Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his or her Discharge, on the Payment of two Shillings and six 0t) ° Uj Pence, or shall take more than the said Sum of two Shillings and six Pence for such Copy, or shall or taking exorbitant take more than two Shillings for an Assignment or Conveyance of such prisoner's Estate or Effects, Sees for the same, every Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any p^net v^ai d such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, Etle£k Vol. VIII 4 B shall.

forfeits 2ol. to the Prisoner,

Prisoner convicted cf Perjury to fuller as a Felon.

Persons discharged by this Act, not liable to Arrest for Debts, c. contracted before 25 Oil. 1760.

Justices, Sheriff', and Gaolers, may ihsm this act to any Action of Escape, or Suit brought agairiil them, and recover treble Costs.

Persons discharged mav plead generally, Src. to all Actions or Judgments brought against them before 23 Odd. 1760, CC.

17. Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, hall order; and who are hereby ini powered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, so offending.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons, who shall take the Benefit of this Act, hall forswear or perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, he, or they so offending shall be adjudged a Felon, and fuller as such, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged by this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgement or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due before the Paid twenty-fifth Day of Oiioler one thousand seven hundred and sixty; that upon every Arrest upon every Judgement or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, upon hewing the Copy of the

Order of such Prisoner's Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoners causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant hall have treble Costs.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire jaci.s, or Action of Debt, or upon Judgement, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his Heirs, execu.ors, or admi nistrators, upon any j udgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognisance acknowledged by him or her, before the said twenty-fifth Day of October cue thousand seven hundred and sixty, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas, as aforesaid, upon the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, it shall be lawful for any such Prisoner, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally, that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a person's Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas in foreign Parts on the said twenty-fifth Day of oslober one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act at the General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such and Place for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town or Place, (as his, her, or their Case is) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due before the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to plead in Discharge of his or her Person from. xecution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Case hall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may hew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgement on Demurrer, the Defendant to have treble Costs.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Pci son against whom a Commission of Bankrupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not already obtained his Certificate and Discharge of his Debts, in pursuance of and in such manner as is directed by some or one of the Acts of Parliament now in force relating to or concerning Bankrupts, or hall not obtain such Certificate and Discharge before such Time as he shall be brought before the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pursuance of this Act, hall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Meaning thereof.

XXXI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pretending to act, as such, with regard to any Debt with which lie or they shall stand charged, for any Money, or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own Use; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Autlioi ity aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall and is hereby required to fufier, in the daytime, any Person or Persons desiring the same, to see and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, whose Names are inserted in the aforementioned List or Lists, or London Gazette, or other News Paper, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this Act; and also

in?.! iw.s of r.u see, in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of 7 such

and in other Suit?, may in Discharge of their Persons from Execution.

Plaintiff may reply generally, e.

but if nonsuited, is to pay tiebls Costs.

Bankrupts not obtaining ti e«Certificates in due Time, excluded from the Ermfit of this Act.

Atomics embezzling, ft. Clients Money or Etfeels, excluded the Benefit of this Act.

10w to permit the akin" in private to ifoners, whefe Names infeited in the List, Gazette, Itc. d the examining the

Anno priino Georgii III.

C

*7

555

stich Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she, or they are detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to

comply with what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who mail so offend in the

Premisses, shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved, the Sum of forty Pounds; toon Penalty of aoi, with

be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of thecoils ofsmt.

Courts of Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Person of any Prisoner prisoner's future Ertatn or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be discharged under this Act, tue future Estates and Effects an'j Eifetls, notwith of every such Prisoner and f ugitive shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors

as before the making of this al (his, her, or their necessary Wearing Apparel, and Bedding 11-06 0

for his, her, or their Families, and Working Tools and Implements necessary for his, her, or their Wearing Apparel, Bed trade or Occupation, not exceeding the Value of ten Pounds in the Whole, only excepted) and any Working

Creditor or Creditors of any furl Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, may, at any Time i00^ Cy nj0t exccr'<1' hereafter, sue out Execution, Extents, or other Proccls, on any Judgement at the Time of such Dif a u e'

charge recovered, or Statute Staple, or Recognisance acknowledged by, or Sentence or Decree ob tained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, but not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their respective Wearing Apparel, Bedding, Working Fools, and Implements, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Creditor may sue for the Fugitive or Fugitives, who lit a 11 be discharged under this at, may, at any! ime after any such Dif Recovery of Debt doc at charge, commence and profecu e any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, ber, -'-^'^ Pn' or their respective Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of V

Money which shall be due from any such Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or her said Discharge, but hall not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special hut not hold the Pi. nor shall take the Person, necessary Wearing Apparel, Bedding, Tools, or Implements, asfoner to Special bi], aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive in Execution, or any Judgement, Sentence, or Decree, ^at: e^!sp^'so^>d which shall hereafter be recovered or obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive: And in any din^or^tooi^vjud^i Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or hcrment; and no Advant Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, no Benefit or Advantage shall be had or taken, for that the cage is to taken of the Cause of aion did not accrue within three Years next before the commencing of any such a(5iion cate of ^a'on nor ac or Suit; nor shall any Statute of Limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of or'f.'j)1^ )'h, F; t'ju^e of in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such Creditor or Creditors, Limitation, against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such Cause of Action or Suit did not accrue within Exception, three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under this Act; and in any such Case, the same may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executorsj or Administrators.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prison Fugitive by force of this al, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners in Acquittal Trade with, any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or Partner or Sureties then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or engaged in any Contrail together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shall severally stand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contrails, in like manner as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, Gaoler making faife of any Prison or Prisons, hall make, or cause to be made, any faife Entries in any Book or Books Entnes 'n the 'nfon belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any faife Book or Books, in order for any faife or untrue entry or Entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the

Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody in

any such Gaol or Prison upon the said twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and

sixty, or shall not have ever since remained in such acftual Custody; except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper", or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted; every such Gaoler or

Ke per, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable ovf>r all aether

to for every fiuh Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with treble eiia ucs 01 luc Friud*

Costs of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced

by any Entry, or such faife Entries; which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Cre prisoner refilling to do tlitor, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and Habitation or last Place of clar thei ab°t, e; c, f Abode of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or hers detained or charged in Custody; or being [T. Paired Vr' ^ult called for and desired, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which come to the Creditor in any such Prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the con the Lodge,

trary; every such Prisoner, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or is excluded the Benefit Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to bje held as aforesaid, shall not have or"f this Act.

4 11 2'" receive

r or Discharge of Prisoner no to the Co

Book, or Lists, forfeits 500 1. with treble Costs,

C

j7'

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

Demands of the Gaoler or Officer, to be discharged.

Debtors to the Crown, and Prisoners who owe above ioco 1. to one Person, unless the Creditor consent, are ex

receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any vise notwithstanding.

C xxxvtli. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York and Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all which have several commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of those Gaols be obliged to carry tyre Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Section of each Riding or Division the same will be a very great Charge, hot only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners in those large Counties Ee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Justices for Com' York for two or more Justices of the Peace for each of the Ridings and Divisions in their respective coun ?nd Lincoln, to meet at ties, at the common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, fm difrtavvfnt hruc' anc are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from foner; .*their respective Quarter Session, from Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners

therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

Thcie who are Prisoners

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors, and others, who cr, heir Fe!s} or other were in Prison on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of oslober one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Sees, Rents, or any other Demands, due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of any such Prison (and upon no other Account) shall be discharged therefrom, he, he, or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XL. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking his or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt with which he or she shall land charged at the Suit of the Crown, or shall be indebted to anybody Politic or Corporate, or to any one Person, in any Sum exceeding the Sum of one ^housand Pounds, besides Interest and Colls, eluded the Benefit of this unless such Body Politic or Corporate, or Creditor, shall consent thereto; and if ariy such Body Politic or Corporate, Creditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding one thousand Pounds hall Creditor opposing Pri be owing, hall oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner, and hall infill that such Prisoner be con foner's Discharge, to tinued in Gaol, that then, and in such Case, such Body Politic or Corporate, or Creditor or Cre weelc "m 3 s' 6d' per ditors, opposing the said prisoner's Discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper Coils and Charges, allow and pay in the Whole such a weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding three Shillings and six Pence per Week, in such manner as the said Justices in their General or Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof, hall order; and upon nonpayment of the same for the Space of six Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in their General or Quarter Session held as aforesaid, hall be discharged pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLI. Provided also, That every Person and Persons entitled, or to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, hall obtain their respective Discharges, on or before the thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, or shall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act.

XLII. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seized of an estatetail, in some Freehold or of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expedlant, they have, by Law, ' Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, fuftering a Common Recovery or Com ' moil Recoveries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Free hold or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in every such Case, such Person or Persons Estate Tail, claiming the so seized, as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Benefit of this Atfi. are intents anc] purposes whatsoever, in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be seized of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee, provided the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seized infce; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas many Prisoners who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Tran factions, whereby they maybe entitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands of various ami intricate Nature and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath, by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors; ' Be it therefore enacted afsgnres may apply for by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the further Examination of Estate and Eftedls of such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their Discharge, in pur Prisoner, touching the fuance of this Actor any other Person or Persons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, froti ^roveryoi ns 'xs>time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding

On Nonpayment, Prisoner to be discharged.

Discharges to be obtain d by 31 March 1763.

Persons frized of an

to deliver up the same to the Creditors.

from Riding, be then residing,

thereby desiring, that such Prisoner or Prisoners may be further cxajnined as to any Matters or Things

relating

Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Prisoner or Prisoners hall

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

relating to his, her, them, such Prisoner fit; and, upon such

*7 557

or their Estate or Eftedis; whereupon such Justices shall send for, or call before and Justices may send or Prisoners by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means, as they shall think for and examine the pri prisoner's appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon Oath as foner accordingly, otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; if any Prisoner or Prisoners (on Payment or Tender of Payment Prisoner refuftngto ap of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to come and Pear ortoanswer upon

appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, th' may beccn, mit'"

being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to thcdiscovery of hi her, or their Estate or Effects so veiled, or intended to be vested, in such Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees, as aforesaid that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their hands and Seals, to apprehend such Prisoner or Prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them to commit to the County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they shall fubinit him, her, or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XL V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and 201. percent, allowedr Persons who shall, within twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntaon discovering, within rily come in and make a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as trbe p^foney^eftaverot shall not be comprised in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any such Justices aforesaid, shall be returne<j in the sche allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, out of the net Produce of such Debtor or dule.

Debtors Estate, which will be recovered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid such Person or Persons so discovering the same, by the Assignee or Assignees of such prisoner's Estate and Effects.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner orpri Discharge obtained frau foners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that dulent!>» wold any Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true; then, and in every such Case, every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

XLVI. And whereas many Persons who are Prisoners for Debt, too often choose rather to continue in Prison, and spend their Substance there, than discover and deliver up to their Creditors their Estates or Effects towards satisfying their just debts be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner committed, or who shall here Creditor may compel any after be committed, and charged in Execution in any Gaol or Prison, upon twenty Days Notice in aariar at^he*

Writing for that Purpose to be given to such Prisoner who now is charged in Execution, or wh, at ^ar^ersession^with the at anytime after the passing of this Act, shall be charged in Execution, and also to the Gaoler or copy of his Detainer, 'Keeper of the Prison in whose Custody such Prisoner is, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or and deliver in a Schedule Gaolers, or Keeper of the Prison wherein any such Prisoner is or shall be detained, to bring any such of his Estate prisoner before the Justices at their next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjourn Repealed kj^gn. tnent thereof, for the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Liberty, in the Gaol or Prison of which any such Prisoner shall be detained, after any such Notice shall be given, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his or her Detainer; and such Prisoner coming, before such Justices at their said General or Quarter Session held as aforesaid, shall, at the Desire of any Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit he or she shall be detained, be obliged to take and subscribe the Oath herein after directed to be taken, and also to deliver in and subscribe a Schedule of his or her Estates and Effects, in like manner as Persons desiring to take the Benefit of this Act are required to

do; every such Prisoner, upon taking the Oath herein after directed, and subscribing such Sche ^ribing ths

dule as aforesaid, and discovering his or her Estates to the Satisfaction of the said Justices in their said auifcova^of his^ftafc, General or Quarter Session held as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall be discharged and set js to be discharged. at Liberty, in the same Manner, and with the same Benefit of making use of their Discharge, as is hereby provided for Prisoners who shall be discharged under this Act; and if any such Prisoners, who shall be so brought up as aforesaid, and be required to deliver up his or her Estates or Effects as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse so to do, and to deliver in and subscribe such Schedule within forty Days on hisrefufal Co to do,

after he or she shall be so brought up, or shall wilfully conceal any of his or her Estate or Effects, to a0^20*1°

she Amount of twenty Pounds or upwards, or any Books, Papers, or Writings thereto belonging, with Intent to defraud his or her Creditors, and being thereof lawfully convicted by Judgement or he is to suffer as a Felon, Information, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy; and in any such Case such felon's Goods and Estate shall go and be divided amongst his or her Creditors in proportion to each one's respective Debt.

XL

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Creditor or Creditors who shall design Where Prisoner s to be to compel any such Prisoner to deliver in any such Schedule of their Estate andeffedts, and surrender j ompelied> Nonce is to up the same, shall gie public Notice of such his or her Intention in the London Gazette, if the Pri 'othercreditor*

foner is in Custody in any Gaol in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and if not, then may come in also in some News Paper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, Liberty, or Pla'e where the Gaol is in which any such Person shall be a Prisoner, twenty

Days at least before any such General or Quarter Session shall be so held as aforesaid, to the end the

other Creditors of every such Prisoner may be apprized thereof, and come in for their respective

distnbv tive Shares of the Estate and Effects of every fuel. Person; which Estate and Effects shall After Assignees shall belie

disposed of with, all convenient Speed, after any Person or Persons shall be chose Assignee or Af the eftatand

signees of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner, by such assignee or Assignees; and the neat.jre, 'losh'(! a" "

Produce thereof shall be equally distributed betvfeen and amongst all the just creditors of any such speed, a*j Distribution

Prisoner,

C

j7'

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

mae arr.ong the Creditors.

Disputes touching any Debt to be determined by the Court j

and Surplus Moneys to be paid over to the i'ri foner.

Oath to be made by Prisoner compelled to deliver up his Estate and Effects j

he is liable also to undergo further examira rion lor Discovery of his Effefls on the Applica -- tion of the Assignees, and on rel ufa! may be committed.

rtons concealing any Eiiate or Effects of toe i'liftr.ri, terfeit tool, and co ible Value, with trtt le Costs ot bui:

affgneo j with Consent or the M. j. rity in Vaiuc it the Creditors, may compound for Debts due to the piifoiter'i Estate 5

t i (;, r, y p; f.

'. ng the.'to to

'u'.jj

Prisoner, in proportion to their respective Debts, who fh.ah ascertain the same, on Oath, in lib: manner as Creditors of Persons seeking their Discharge under this Acts are required and directed by this Acts to do: And if any Dispute shall arise touching the Reality or Fairness of any such Debt, the same shall be determined by the Justices at the next General or Quarter Session which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or place, wherein the Gaol or Prison in which any such Prisoner was in Custody, when required to surrender up his Estates and Effedfs in pursuance of this Act, is; and if, filter paying all the Debts of any such Prisoner, and all neccfiaiy Charges, any Overplus shall remain from his Estates or Effects, the same shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors, or Administrators.

XLVIIE And be it further enacted, That every Prisoner who shall be required to deliver up his elate and Effedfs as aforesaw, shall, at the General or Quarter Session at which he or she shall to required to appear as aforesaid, take an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest _ declare, That the Schedule now delivered in, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Dif

covery of all my Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of all the Goods, Chattels, and Personal Estate, which I, or any in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, now have, or am entitled to; and of all Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Fruft for me; and of all Securities and Contradfs whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable to, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Ule, or to any Person or Persons in Trust form; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contradfs; and also a true Account of all Books, Papers, Decrees, Writings, and

Evidences relating thereto, in my Custody or Power; and that neither I, nor any Person or Per

Tonnes in Trust: for me, have, to my Knowledge and Belief, any Lands, Money, Stock, or other Estate, Real orp.erfonal, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, other than what is or are in the said Schedule contained; except the Wearing Apparel, Bedding for myself and Family, Working fools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of tcnpouuds; and that have not, nor anybody for mehath, diredfly or indirectly, sold, lef fened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Messuages, Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contradfs, or 1 states, Real or Personal, or any Books, Papers, or Writings concerning the same, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage to myself or my Family, or wdtn any View or Design to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am indebted, or was indebted when committed to Gaol, in any wise howsoever. So help me G 0 DP

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Prisoner shall be obliged, from Time to Time, to undergo the like Examination on the Application of the Assignee or Assignees of his or her Estate or Effects, as Prisoners, seeking and obtaining their Discharge under this present Acts, are required to undergo; and shall be subject to the like Commitment for refilling to appear and answer, upon Oath, any lawful Questions, before anyjulfice of the Peace, for the Discovery of his or her Estate and Effedfs, in like manner as may be done, by virtue of this Acts, in the Case of other Prisoners.

L And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effedfs of any Prisoner who flit ll be discharged by virtue of this Acts, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protedf any Estate, Real or Personal, of any such Prisoner from his Creditors, and shall not, within thirty Days after any Assignee, Assignees shall, in pursuance of this Acts, be chose of any such prisoneps Estate, discover and disclose to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, either Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for theltfeof the Creditors of any such Prisoner; to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such prisoner's Estate, together with treble Costs of Suit.

EE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at all Times hereafter for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effedfs of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall he chose in pursuance of this Acts, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner or Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on twenty-one Days public Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was in Custody in London, or within the Weekly Hills of Mortality, and if not, then also in same News Paper which shall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shall have been in Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors or Accountants to such Prisoner or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can, upon such Composition, be gotten, in full discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Affigmc or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, Cause, or Thing relating to such Prisoner or Prisoners Estate or Effedfs, or to any Debt or d btid.ic, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the final End and Determination

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

17-

559

mination of Arbitrators to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have no Difference, and to perform

the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them; or otherwise to settle and

agree the Matters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such manner as the said Assignee orr otherwise may settle

Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree, and the same shall be bind ad asree as

ing to all the Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; every such Assignee or Assignees is and are they w 1 in u

hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this act.

lil. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this act, may be truly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his,

her, or their real Creditors, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law Affisnees m:, y be p*1.1" full to and for the respective Courts at Westminster, and the Courts of Great Session in Wales, and the fitvnv8fraud Principality of Chester, and the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from nagement, or other mif whence anyprocefs issued upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed, or, behaviour'j where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of Kings Bench,

Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to Time, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of any Insufficiency, fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects oft any such Prisoner or Court thereupon U Prisoners, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, tq Parties,

make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or Displacing such Af theretn as They ibau* signee of Assignees, and the appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such think, nt, y Assignee or Assignees lo to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and effects of any such Prisoner for the Benefit of the respective.

Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or Dilplacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be divelted out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before veiled' in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid; any Thing in this act contained to the contrary not with (land ing.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Whore mutual Credit

mutual Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pur bas been th':

fiuance of this act, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Dea j^wed.to e ucc an

livery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon

Oath, as aforesaid, the respective Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Parts, to Hate and allow an Account between them

and the other Party or Parties concerned 3 and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such

Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees, under such Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or -

effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them,

respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly stated.

LIV. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been, and are now, imprisoned for Debt thofcwjw are Prisoners upon Processes iiluing out of Courts of Confidence 3 it is hereby enabled and declared, That all such "Pon 1'r<'cf., C '"ll o Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this act, and be discharged under the same, provided ^itvetne bcne/itcf he, she, or they conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who this at. shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this act riabers Affirmation to an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Khtaker shall and may be accepted qa[h D leu °^and taken in lieu thereof 3 and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false Affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who Persons to^k the took the Benefit of an act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Benefit the of George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit Gc0' 'i' txcljde<i or Advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same 3 anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Per Mariners, and those who fons under the Age of fifty Years, who hath or have been at any Time in the Service of his late Land sv: ce re Majesty King George the Second, either by Sea or by Land, or any Mariner or seafaring Man thtrdiiclitte.'ttnder under the said Age of fifty Years, shall, during the present War with France, be discharged from his or 50 Years r a'«, and their Imprisonments, or have any Benefit or Advantage by means or virtue of this act, or anything approved < (, to serve herein contained, unless such Person or Persons, if approved of and deemed fit to forve his present dur, nide present War; Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Officer of his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who shall attend at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, at which any such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged, do and shall enter or lift himself or themselves into his present Majesty's Service, either by Sea or by Land, as a Mariner or Soldier, if approved of as aforesaid, immediately after such Discharge, and do and shall continue in such Service during the Continuance of the present War; and it any such Person or Persons who shall obtain his or their. 'v'f L

Discharge under this present act, shall desert or absent himself or themselves from such service^ at anvimprisonment, Tt" any Time during the Continuance of the present War, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Suit ot their Creditors

of

This Act not to extend

to Scotland.

Repealed in Part by 2 Gcj, 3. C 2,

C 18. Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

of the Creditors, at whose Suit such person or Persons was or were detained at the Time of his or their obtaining such their Discharge, to renew and sue out the likeprocefs as such Person or Persons flood charged in Custody with at the Time of his or their Discharge, and to cause such Person or Persons to be arrested, imprisoned, and detained in Prison anew, for his, her, or their Debtor Demand, in such Sort, Manner, and Form, as if this act had never been made, and such Person had not before been confined in Prison, in respect of such Debt, Demand, Contempt, Cost, or otherwise; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this at contained hall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting to Vis Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

freambb.*TT 7e, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways and Means the least burtheni ome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 2^62, 4001. out of the and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as shall, from Time to Time, be Sinking Fund, and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and'

other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, a Sum not exceeding one million seven hundred sixty two thousand and four hundred Pounds; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly, and 88, 667l. i os.ii. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thatthcsumofeighty eight thousand fixhun ^er^partof1 Jo 0001!" ret axty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the exchequer, being Part of the granted to his late Ma Sum of ninety thousand Pounds, granted to his late Majesty, in the Year one thousand seven hundred jerty on Account of the and fifty-nine, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, Militia; granted to his from the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to the twenty-fifth present Majesty, for the jay of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and for repaying the Sum of one thousand wiceo e ear 17 1. jjree hundred thirty-two Pounds and ten Shillings, advanced by his Paid Majesty, for the Service of the Militia, shall and may be in like manner issued and applied at the said Receipt, for and towards the said Supply.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million seven hundred sixty two thousand and four hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million seven hundred sixty two thousand and four hundred Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that purpose as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Adoney to be lent upon the Security of this at, shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this act, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her, or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent, shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; That all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books

Clause of Loar.»

Tallies of Loan to Le struck, sc.

Orders regi0erect and yaid in Course.

A.D. 1760. Anno primo Georgii III. c. 18. 561

Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid, out of the said Surplusses, excesses, or other p^evenues; and he, she, or they, who hall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surplusses, ex cesses, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues, composing the Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, hall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or diverti ble to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, as aforesaid; that no Fee, Reno See for regiforing, ward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also: if any undue Preference of one before another shall Penalty for undue Pre be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any ference* such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable, by action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall bs for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller njake Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvejinnnjler; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it hall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or No undue preferer.ee, Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Re where Tallies are dated ceipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, or brought the same Day: so as he enters them all the same Day.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Nor if subsequent Orders Point of Payment, if the Auditor direcv, and the Clerk of the pells record, and the Tellers do pay were not demanded subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders before other Colufe< 'mane, e 111 Persons that did not come to take their Moneys and bring their Orders in Course; so as there be so much

Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall Orders afliecatl;. be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as

aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of assign ment to be endorsed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders. (which the Officer shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators,

Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And, to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million seven hundred sixty two thousand and four hundred Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by ifi uing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of h: Majesty's Treasury, or any three Coimnlfiioners of ths or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of Treasury impouered to the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million preparoany Number of seven hundred sixty two thousand and four hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof by Exchequer Bills, contafni^one1 fommen instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered, sumtor differen^siims" at any Time or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, in the principal Moneys, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Suinof one million seven hundred sixty two thousand and four hundred Pounds, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or l.ke Rules and Directions as in and by a certain act of this present session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of Vql. VIII 4 C the

&2 C 19. Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

the Year one thousand j'even hundred and sixty one, are enabbed and prescribed, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Abb.

Chases in the Land Tax

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provi aft relating to Exche foes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the q.jej bus, ex'.en.iea to soso last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Intercfb to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Abb) hall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Acb, as fully and eftebbually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had.'been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes

had been particularly repeated and re enacbed in the Body of this present Abb.

Pills di cl rged to be X And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in cancelled. pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to, or attending

the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the growing Produce of the Lid Surpluses, Excelles, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues, composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former or other Abb. or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly (bated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them

shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reierv

ed in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

The Rank empowered to

XI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be advance on the said ce lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty ditof Loan, any Sum or in manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any juif 4oclxceitiins Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million seven hundred sixty two the Adof 5 & 6 w thousand and four hundred Pounds; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the

M. C 2o. noiwirhstand Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates

ins and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other fit quors, for securing certain

Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the jvar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for enabling, his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities or Sums of Money granted or to be granted to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal sub]ebbs, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, '

Credit of Lonn granted to his Majesty lor 1.000, 0001.

Treasury may raise the same by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

in I'iee manner as is pre kribedby the Land I'ax act of this section, con crr iinr Loans or Exche q jrr lulls thereby to be made out.

The Clauff*. c. in the sill Act (dating to the Loans or Exchequer Bill,

having taken into our serious Consideration your majesty's most gracious Message, signifying your majesty's Desire to be enabled by your faithful Commons to defray any extraordinary Expenses of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of your majesty's Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million for that Purpose; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabbed And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may by lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the commiftt cmers of his maj/. sty's Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, to cause or direbb any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the said Sum of one million, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an abb of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majrfy by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fxiy one, are enabbed and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Abb.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except:

A.D. 1760. Anno primo Georgii III. c. 19. 563

eept such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such

Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance expand.*<l: o the i.oam

of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Interns and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer; lnj Exchequer to

Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or^c^/t|1' rst^i.i>ut U"

Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Principal and ir.tmrffi together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, 'Vita t!lc ^haitics v.tend and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids t" e n^x^sindiet' f or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids oraj^f^vnc' fufecient Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred granted before 5 Jniy and sixty two, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and 176-.

Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are herelry charged and chargeable upon then ret bp; vd such Moneys as, at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven' 011 C u1

hundred and sixty two, shall he or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, excelfes, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses hv any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be blued and applied, as soon as the same can he regularly Hated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall 2nii fe Moneys so issued be so issued out of the said Surpluses, Exeesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing).0.|jscrepl.afed ou: of the the Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be 1 ul>d

then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

V. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may bethe Bank empowered to lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in adva"c< > on the M.d. Cve' like manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Loan granted by this Act, any 5^ nouxcceding^Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million; anything in an Act ))co, cool.

made in the fifth and sixth Years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act xhe Act of 5 & 6 w. & for granting to their Majestics several Rates and Dutis upon Tonnage of Skips and Vessels, and upon Beer, M. C 20. notwithstand alc, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such ir s persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying

on the tvar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fxty one; and so much Money, if, q.

any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be mrde on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Pvate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax, should be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans orexchcqu r Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament intituled, An Act for continuing and granting t; his Majesty certain Duties upon Mali, Milt Act,

Alum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of ike Year one thousand seven hundred and six ty one; and so, 3. C 3.

much Money if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or icmain, after all the

Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium,

ate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient In all be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfyand discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities and a Lottery, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Maje, iy an act Lottery Act, ditional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale; and for raising the Sum of twelve millions by ivay of Annuities 1 Geo. 3. 7.

and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty; and for further encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and also the Sum of one million seven hundred sixty two thousand and four hundred Pounds, and Sinking Fund, out of such Moneys as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excefics, or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, directed to be issued and applied by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain 1 Geo. 3. r. 13.

Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain aaonics remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fxty or.e; and also the Sum of eighty eight'v!, ill, )esumoq?/'57h

thousand six hundred sixty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of the exche ^erna'n'l, m th'"'

quer, being Part of the Sum of ninety thousand Pounds, granted to his late Majesty, in the yearo^j^pjoney granted in

one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and the Year 1759) tuva. Js

Clothing for the Militia, from the thirty first Day of December 011c thousand seven hundred and Pay and clo&ihing for

fifty-eight, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty; for rcpay tlle Will:, a cic

ing the Sum of one thousand three hundred thirty-two Pounds and ten Shillings, advanced by his said majesty, for the Service of the Militia, by the said Act directfed to be issued and applied; and the the m' hcr Sum of

4 C 2'further

56+

C 19.

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

1,000, ooool. granted further Sum of one million by this AR granted; shall be further appropriated, and are hereby ap

by this Act, propriated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; is to say,

viz. Out of th: Aids in VII It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids general, or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be i'fiued and applied, any Sum or Sums of Mo

3, 598, 6241. 7s. red. to ney, not exceeding three millions five hundred ninety-eight thousand six hundred twenty-four Pounds

wards Naval Services seven Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after particularly expressed;

is to say, For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the victualling

herein specified.

7, 1 30l. towards finishing the Hospital at Hall nejr Gosport.

thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards maintaining eighteen thousand three hundred and hfty live Marines; and for or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, for completing the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen at Hajler near Gosport. jo.occl. towardsfiniih

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids in tie Hospital rear or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex p., mouth. ceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for sick and wounded

Seamen building near Plymouth, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or chare of tunf^ort Sc -- $11p i?fies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex vlc; reeo rj' por'"'ceeding four hundred seventy nine thousand thirty-five Pounds ninteen Shillings and twopence, for the Charge of Transport Service, between the first of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, and the thirtieth of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, including the Expense of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces within the said Time.

7zs, 7161. 13s. ijd. for

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Charge of the Om: C of Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred twenty-eight thousand seven hundred sixteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven"pence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

XII. And it is hereby also enacxed by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids icv.mids the Land Foicesor Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exin general 5 ceeding eight millions four hundred fifteen thousand two hundred ninety three Pounds one Shilling

and fourpence halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million five hundred seventy six thousand nine hundred eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of the sixty four thousand nine hundred and seventy one effective

Ordnance for Land Ser vice

ST, 9, !. IS. 4d.: q.

cf which, 1, 576, 9831, 10s. 71! for Charge of 64, 971 effective Men including those in Germany, c.

843, 756l.

Men, including those in Germany, and including Commission and non commission Officers, and also i. 9d. for four thousand and eight Invalids for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Guards and Garrisons, Great Britain, Guernsy, and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any «v. m t e lvmtations, gum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight hundred forty-three thousand seven hundred fifty six'c' Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the

Plantations, Gibraltar, Guailaloupc, Africa, and the East Indies, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Prom dene, Quebec, Guadaloupe, Senegal, and Gorec, for !ri. for Charge of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed ihrec Regiments oi Footing twenty-two thousand one hundred and seventy nine Pounds, for defraying the Charge of three rei; the inliefiablihiment gjments Gf p00f on Irish Establishment serving in North America, for the Year one thousand fe

hundred aid tixty one5 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy two thousand oftbeg t vra] and Gene eight hundred ninety six Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence, for the Pay of the General and raistaffo.bccrj, and Of general Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year fleers of the Hospitals for one thousand seven hundred and sixty one \ and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hun -- tvv tt'4d for rec forty tfi°ufand three hundred fifty-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and fourpence, for defraying c'm v of the^cmhoj icd£fic Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the fencible Men mini in S. Britain; oi Argyleshire, and of Lord sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain for one hundred and the fcr.cible Men of and twenty-two Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, argyltih/c; and a Batto the twenty-fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, both Days inclu.five; N i'lipm \hh cfs inan(j any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred ninety-eight thousand six hundred sixty tr.i a' jnien jl 'umof eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, in Addition to the said Sum of one hundred forty thou jr.j, >61.95. icd. hr sand three hundred fifty-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge t:, Gid Purposes, to 2.4 of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the fencible Men of Argyle jfjirc, and of Lord sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, both Days inciufive, being three hundred and sixty five Days

Dae, 1761.

681. 15:

Ac; oir.t, for

ef, 5

?.d. upon and any Sum of Money not exceeding fifty six thousand five hundred sixty eight Pounds fifteen shil cloatii.'ng lings and twopence, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Clothing for the embodied Militia

3 for

A.D. 1760. Anno primo Georgii III.

C 19.

565

for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex the embodied Militia for seeding twenty-two thousand three hundred sixty one Pounds eleven Shillings and eight Pence, for de 1761. fraying the Charge of the Difference between the Pay of Major-general Anjirutbsr's Regiment hare ofvhc Difference Foot on the British Establishment, and the Sum paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, from the bt.lwgen (hc ja)! o^an! twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fourth Day of De ftmther's Regiment on cnnbsr, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, both Days inclusive, being three hundred and sixty thcbritifhestablishment, five Days, and of several Augmentations to his Majesty's Forces since the Estimates for the Year jn^ t" desum pa, d by one thousand seven hundred and sixty one were presented to Parliament, from the respective Times ^ugmentations to of the Commencement of their Establishment, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand tj, e Forces since the em seven hundred and sixty one, inclusive 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven mates for 1761 were de ty thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Adilitia livere.l in or that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part 0fj°r' 1 i, nu/cb, ft i, utf the said Militia now unembodied for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thou Milaia when i'nem sand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed ng thirty-four thou bodiedfoioneye.tr, from fund eight hundred fifty-four Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, upon Account of the reduced 25 March 1761. Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and rcducei, 'orc "2d'c f sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred seventy lhree land forces^a^lrin s. Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Of 2i57Jj. fs, <*, allow ficers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, a.ices to the officers and and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one private Gentlemen of the thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one tvp, Tl, °w's ?f Horr", thousand nine hundred and twenty-two Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of rcdnced^ntilpcr such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establifn animated Gentlemen of ment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day the four Troops of Horse of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hun guards* dred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighteen thousand three widows of^office^ hundred sixty Pounds two Shillings and eleven Pence, upon Account, for Out Pensioners who died on half Pay.' of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums 18, 360l. 2=. nd. for

-. Charge of the Troops

burgg, together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed against the Common of Hanover, Wolfenbut enemy, in Concert with the King of Prujfn, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou tie, Saxe Gotha, and sand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred '

and sixty one, both inclusive, to be issued in Advance, every two Months, in like manner as thef^ie/^vo7moaths in pay of the Hejfian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain; the said Body of Troops to be muf Advance; t.rned by an English Commissary, and the eftective State thereof to be ascertained by the Signature The Troops to be muf. of the Commander in Chief of the said Forces; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding tcrrdbyan.etighfh corn --

two hundred sixty eight thousand three hundred iixt)' Pounds eight Shillings and eight Fence, for dec, gd so, fraying the Charge of two thousand one hundred twenty Horse, and nine thousand nine hundred cha', ge of the Troops of > Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and Hesse Caffd, to 24. Dec. others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajjel, in the Pay together with the of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty five Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one Subsidy for the fsidtitae, thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to

Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred forty seven thousand seventy 147, 0711.- 5?. 2d. for one Pounds five Shillings and twopence, for defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of one Charge of an additional thousand five hundred seventy six Horse, and eight thousand eight hundred and eight Foot, together ti'00ps°r

with the General and Staff' Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belong 'au't031 C J ing to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of hejje Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty five Days, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the thirty first Day of December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty leven thousand seven hundred ninety-eight 57.798l. 163. for Charge Pounds and sixteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge of one thousand two hundred and five Ca ft, he Troops of the valry, and two thousand two hundred eight Infantry, the Troops of the reigning Duke of Bruns '

wick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty five Days, from the twenty-fifth day.fvtth the Subsidy for the of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one said Time, thousand seven hundred and sixty one, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy. for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand five 2, 569l. ics. to make hundred sixty nine Pounds and ten Shillings, to make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted, last'£">od the Deficiency of Session of Parliament, for the Charge of the Troops of Brunswick, to the twenty-fourth Day of De St: 15jovoted'cl?nber one thousand seven hundred and sixty; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twen Troop's. r*C tv five thousand five hundred four Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge 25, 5041. 63., 8rf. for of five Battalions, serving with his Majesty's Army in Germany, each Battalion "confiding of one Charges of five Battalions, d roop of one hundred and one Aden, and four Companies of Foot of one hundred and twenty fivetr, vir>g Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for three hundred sixty five> Days, from tb twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fourth Day of " j s'-

December one thousand seven hundred and fety cne, both Daysdncluftve; and any Sum or Sums of

Money

C

19-

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

Money not cxccc^'n on m'^'°n one hundred sixty seven thousand nine hundred three Pounds twelve i^jn^rojces' arufother* Shillings and six Pence, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and Services incurred in 1760, other Services incurred, to the nineteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty, not provided for by Pari, and not provided for by Parliament 3 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one Million,

of Artil

mgen um or

Prince Terainand. Sums of Adoney not exceeding nine hundred ninety three thousand eight hundred forty-four Pounds 593, 544]. 4s. 4d.; q. for four Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his ada tsti" njnforc^?jands f J e^y's Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the twentieth Day of November one thousand oih rsci wcesvncurred in seven hundred and hxty, to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, and not provided for by 1-60, not provided for. Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred thirty six thousand four 3-56, 4791.14.'. 1 d. 2 q. hundred seventy nine Pounds fourteen Shillings and one Penny halfpenny, for discharging the 10: extraordinary Ex extraordinary Expenses not provided for by Parliament, of Bread, Forage, and Firewood, furnished i^c' % urniil7d<'bt'ie Chancery at War of Hanover, in the Years one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and J nj' V one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, to the Hejjlan and Prussian Forces acting in the Army in Germany, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred and seventy thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prussia, pursuant to a Convention between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, concluded the twelfth of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, on Account, towards assisting his Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour, in Adoney, to the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffcl, pursuant to Treaty.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 1,000, 000]. to discharge Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be ill ued and applied any Sum or Slims of Money not exceed ^'i 1 ruin 'to7vt^0ofd' ins one million, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pursuance ol an act made cxcd!t of the lag Session. n the List Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

j, oco, oooo 1. upon Ac

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or count, to defray any cx supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money

traordinary Exoences ofr,) 3., ri 3 3

the War which may be not exceeding one million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary fx pences of the War, incurred or to be incurred for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million and five hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to pay oft' and discharge such Exchequer Bills as have been made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Lis Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off aid discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Chancery of Hanover in 1757 £, to the Heffisn and prultian Forces in Germany notprovidedfor. 6-0, 000 1. to the king of pruffiapurluanuotreaty. 120, 000). to the Landgrave jyf Helfe cafiej, pnrfuar.c to Treaty.

incurred in 1761.

1, 500, 000). to discharge the Exchequer Bills if seed, by an Act of the act schion, towards paring oft' the Navy Debt.

it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or ided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ill ued and applied any Sum or Sums of A'loncy

1. 12 s.9d. for Support of the Colony of 0, .,

Nova Scotia for 1761. Supplies province.^_.

not exceeding ten thousand five hundred ninety five Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Adoney not exceeding

Account, for defraying the Charges of the other incidental Expenses attending the, 'cn hundred and sixty, to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty one. salon^o thcls(wlners m

XVII. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the N Amr ica, f 0 t'xprnc.s Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there ih.ili and may be ilfiiej and applied any Sum or Sums incurred 11 levying, cof Money not exceeding two hundred thousand Sounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America, for the Expenses incurred

Troops there.

by them in the Levying, Clothing, and Pay of the Troops raised by the same, according as the active Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall be thought by his Majesty to merit; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be paid to the U nited Company ot Merchants of England trading to the eastindies, towards enabling them to defray the e.xpence of a military Force in their Settlements to be maintained by them, in L eu of the Battalion of his Majesty's Forces commanded by Colonel Adlercron withdrawn from 15, cool. toward rcpa.r thence, and now returned to Ireland, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen tlion sand Pounds, to be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, to be applied towards the improving, widening, and enlarging the Passage over and through London Bridge, without Account, other than as is directed for the Moneys raised by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, find enlarge the passage over and through London Bridge; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-four thousand one hundred ninety seven Pounds and ten Shillings, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ol ex poled and deserted young Children, to main

20, ocol. to the E. Ind: a Company, lo.v.ihv di frayini their ilitary Expenc 's.

ing London B idge.

4, V ! to <!. to the fmmilling mofpu.l, 'or rvuntain!i)2 the Cliii

A.D. 1760. Anno primo Georgii

C

ig.

67

tain and educate such Children as were received into the Card Hospital on or before the twenty-fifth dren admitted cn or le day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first Day of December one thou hre 25 March 1760/ land seven hundred and sixty, exclusive, to the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, inclusive 5 and that the said Sum be i/tiled and paid for the Use of the said Hospital the Came to be itfued without Fee or Rewaid, or any Deduction whatsoever; 2nd any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed without Fie. ing thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Fort a1 Anamaboe, 11,000). for fuprorting and the other Britifj Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa 5 and any Sum or Sums of thcbi iu/hfoitssnamc». Money not exceeding forty-nine thousand four hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to replace to the 49, 424l. to replace to Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of: !je Sinking fund the July one thousand seven hundred and sixty, of the several Duties on Malt granted by an act tricesimo j j tertio Georgii Secundi, to answer Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum charged there makvaxfo/ °i, Co.^upon and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy two thousand eleven Pounds six Shil yi)0j1 j. 6 s. u d. to lings and eleven Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make replace co the Sinking good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty, of the several f, lnd die like Sum paid Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pennons, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an act tricesimo primo Georgii Secundi, for paying Annuities at the Rank [>enfi0ns Houlis of England, in respect of five millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the&c. for 1760.

Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand nine hundred sixty nine Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth the like Sum paid Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty, of the sub/idy of Poundage upon certain thereout for Deficiency Goods and merchandizes imported, and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, to of the Subsidy ot poun answer Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum charged thereupon, pursuant to the at c'a£e on Goods imported. tricesimo secundo Georgii Secundi; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighty nine thousand ?9>51oi- 12 s iif.10 five hundred ten Pounds twelve Shillings and elevenpence, to make good the Deficiency of t h e^Of^grants m1760" Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Cy

Money not exceeding thirty-eight thousand five hundred fifty-three Pounds twelve Shillings and one 32, 553/- 12s. id. yq. for Penny three Farthings, upon Account, for paying and discharging the Debts and Wadlett Sums, ^chargingdiecjamison with the necessary expences attending the Payment of the same, claimed and fulhiined upon the t ie Lovat uate*

Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown, by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat, or so much of the said Debts and Sums as shall be remaining unsatisfied according to the several Decrees in that Behalf respectively made by the Lords of Session in Scotland, and pursuant to an Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing Certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same; and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Sup thefeaids to be applied plies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, to no otheru.'es. other than the Uses and purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments

directed to be satisfied thereout, by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XIX. And, as to the said Sum of thirty-four thousand eight hundred fifty-four Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, by this Act appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall be rus to be observed in' duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say. That no Person shall have or^Application of the receive any Part of the same who was a Minor, and under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Per on shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment,

Troop, or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately di/banded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the thirty third Year of his lateclaofe in Act 33 Geo.

majesty's Reign, intituled An lit for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million, for the 2' c ls*

Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain Supplies granted in this sej fbn of Parliament; the several Supplies which had been granted to his late Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; which,

any Sum or Sums not exceeding thirty-five thousand six hundred fifty-one Pounds and nine Sfiil lings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and ma c rines; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted,

and

C

19.

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of thirty-five thousand six vings of tlis said Sum of hundred fifty-one Pounds and nine Shillings, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said

Application of the Sa and

35, 651 1.93. granted Ahs hit Session towards Half pay.

reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf;, anything in tills Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

.. And, for the better and more easy Payment of the said Debts and Sums, upon the said s: IV 3 9- appropna Lands and Estate of Lovai, by this Act directed to be paid and discharged. Be it further enacted by Claims on thl'hovat the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Estate to be paid into the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more

The Sum of 38, 553 I.

Backs of Scotland.

of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to ifihe, or cause to be issued, in such Proportions

as he or they shall think fit, to either or both of the Banks of Scotland at Edinburgh, cr to either of their lawful Attorneys, a Sum not exceeding thirty-eight thousand five hundred fifty-three Pounds twelve Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, to be applied in paying and discharging the said Debts and Sums, with the necessary Expense attending the Payment of the same, in manner herein after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Creditors, whose Claims have been sustained upon the said Lands and Estate forfeited and annexed to the Crown as

land, the Decrees of the aforesaid', or some Person or Persons on their Behalf, shall, on or before the fifth Day of July one Court sustaining their thousand seven hundred and sixty one, produce, or cause to be produced, in his Majesty's Court of DM Claims, by 5 July Exchequer in Scotland, the Decree or Decrees of the Court of Session, sustaining the said Claims; and, upon Production of every such Decree or Decrees, the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to make out Debentures or Certificates, under their Hands, with all convenient Dispatch, for the several Sums of Money, as well the Interest computed to the Date of such Debentures or Certificates, as the Principal which shall appear to be due, by and under the said Decrees respectively, or so much thereof as shall be then remaining unsatisfied; which Debentures or Certificates shall mention the Nature of the Debt claimed, and the Date of the Decree sustaining the same, and shall be issued and delivered to the several Creditors respectively entitled to the Sums therein contained, or to such Persons as shall be legally authorised to receive the said Sums, in Right or in Behalf of the said Creditors, or any of them; and the several Sums contained in the find Debentures or Certificates shall be paid at Sight, lor ee, at w: thout Deduction, See, or Abatement, by the said Bank or Banks, out of the a4oney aforesaid, to the said Creditors, or other Persons in their Right, or on their Behalf, in whose Names such Debentures or Certificates shall be made out, or to such others as shall be duly empowered by the Nominees, in the said Debentures or Certificates to receive the same; and the said Debentures or Certificates shall he, to the said Bank or Banks, sufficient Discharges for such Payments.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Decree

The Creditors thereupon to produce to the Court ct' Exchequer in Scot

1761.

Court to make out Debentures for the frinci jul and Inter eft;

to be paid at S out Deduction the Banks.

The Decrees not being produced by the said Day, the Claims are no entitled to carry further Interest.

t or Decrees, sustaining the Claim or Claims of any Creditor or Creditors aforesaid, shall not be so. produced as aforesaid in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on or before the fifth Day of

Baron" of the Exchequer to ascertain the Officers L ecs;

the far to be paid by the Banks,

Officers not to demand cr take any See of the Creditors,

on Forfeiture of iool. with full Costs of sut.

Surplus of the Men appropri >ted for d f c' arging the said Claims to be reserved for the future Dilpofuion of Farlument.

July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one. such Claim or Claims shall not carry any further Interest, to be computed from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons of the Exchequer, or any three or more of them, may and shall, and they are hereby empowered to settle and

feertain, with the Con fen t of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more r .1 -- 1-: .- -- 1. t.t; .1. — -- .1 - r t]le Commissioners of thctrea

Act, to the Officers of the said by the said Bank or Banks out of the Money remaining in their Hands, after the said Debts are satisfied and paid; and such Debentures shall be, to the said Banks, sufficient Discharges for such Payments.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer or Officers of the said Court of Exchequer shall ask, demand, or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, from any Creditor upon the said Estate, in the Name of See or Reward, or on any other Pretence whatsoever, for or on account of their Trouble in executing this Act; and the Officer or Officers offending herein, and being thereof lawfully convicted before the said Barons, who are hereby empowered to judge and finally determine upon any Complaint brought against any such Officer or Officers, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; to be levied and applied by the said Barons, in the same manner as other Fines payable in the Exchequer in Scotland now are, and shall further be found liable to repay to the Party the Sum or Sums so illegally exacted, with full Costs of Suit.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Money by this Act appropriated for discharging all the said Incumbrances on the Lovett Estate, after all the several Claims and all Arrears thereof tyre satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Rem under shall be referred for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be

Anno primo Georgii III.

C 20.

569

be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament j anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas several Sums of Money and Annuities granted by his late Majesty to his £ Royal Family, out of the Revenues for defraying the Charges of the Civil Government, were by 'certain Acts of Parliament exempted from the Payment of all Taxes, Impositions, and other publick Charges whatsoever, and it is proper that the like Exemption (hold be allowed upon and in respect of such Annuities and Sums of Money as have been or shall be granted to the Royal Family by his present Majesty; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Supis of All Annuities, c. Money and Annuities as have been granted, or which shall be at any Time hereafter granted, by his granted his Majesty Majesty, to any of the Royal Family, out of the Revenues appointed for defraying the Charges otfj"to^tw frai F" the Civil Government, and supporting the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, shall, from and after m 0 C r'e' the twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, be free and clear, and the same, and every Part thereof, is and are hereby freed and discharged from all Taxes, Impositions,

Sees, and public Charges whatsoever; any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not \yith (landing.

CAP. XX.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attorneys or solli citors, and filing thereof.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, for raising the Supply granted to your Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and also towards raising the Supply granted to your Majesty for Naval cervices, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; have resolved to give and K grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and do there tore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Credit of Loan granted That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or War to his Majesty for rants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's i»500>°col.

Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer Treasury may raise the for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of 'january one thousand seven hun same by loans or ex dred and sixty two, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer chequer Bills, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules in like manner as is pre and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant bribed by the Land Tax ing an Aid to his Majesty by a Land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thou loans^orexd" sand seven hundred and sixty one, are enacted and preferabed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills quebms°thaeby0 be" 10 be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act made out.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the clauses, Provisoes, theclanfcs, c. in the Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said last said Act relating to the mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act ex Loans or Exchequer cept such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such cljls>

Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Loans extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents andand Exchequer Bills to Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last j^/this a" mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re uncl 0 1 1s enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Exchequer bib's, after

Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued and "ein? '[ ", ed aa 3?plietp paid at the Exchequer to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the time being, and applied by him "Am A ayanv Col" for the Purposes herein after mentioned, be afterwards, at any Time before the twenty sixth Day o 1 ledtors, cof the pub March one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, received or taken, or pass or be.current to any lick Revenues, before Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or26 1762.

Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, otherwise, or on any other Account, than for the Discharge and Cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or.order of Payment before the said twenty nxth Day of March; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange at any Time before the said 'Vol. VIII 4 D twenty

No Action to Rich Refusal.

Prioc ipa! and I rite rest, will) the Charges attend m?, to be paid out of the rrjxt Sarpiiet;

and if none fupri 'nt be granted befcre 5 f tly r 6z, then they are to b? paid out of riii iag Fund j

G. 20.

Anno primo gf.orgii III

A.D. 1760.

twenty sixth Day of March, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued and applied as aforesaid by virtue of lie for this at; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neg etfling or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the said twenty sixth Day of March, anything in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one tkoufandseven hundred and jtxtv one, or this at, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 'hat all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, 'together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or otit of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand fcvehfiundred and sixty two, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, 'and i'v ^nt -- Gl, arges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys as, at anytime or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any act or acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the lame can be regularly Rated and ascertained, for and towards paying off cancelling, and dischargin such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be.paid: off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and referred in the Exchequer, to be payable; on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

and thr Moneys To in to be replaced first Supplies.

j V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other P

The Bank irr.pcweroj to

Sums not ex ceding j. 500, 000 1. the Act of 5 & 6 W. & Mvc. 20. notwidifland

Application of the said Sjin, V z.

r, c.co, ocol. towards p vin^oft ihe Debt of

cut of the so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first: Supplies to be then after granted iiv Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it; shall and maybe

C'fe* or Governor and Company of the Bank o^england, to advance or lend to his Majesty in

ito o n, ..ns, 1cr manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the.sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesies severed Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and cither Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as frail voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the jvar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 0 -

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by this at granted, shall be appropriated, and is hereby appropriated, for and towards the Uses and purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say. That out of the said Sum there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and any Sum or Sums of Money

'qnnot exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Naval Services herein after mentioned; A. thevcar 1-61. "* that is to say, Towards victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and towards sea services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and half-pay to Sea Officers, and towards maintaining eighteen thousand three hundred and fifty-five Marines, and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty onc.

VIII. And whereas some Persons have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper Office, of the actual Execution of several Contracts in Writing entered into by them to serve as Clerks to Attorneys or Sollicitors, within the Time in which the same ought to have been done, and many Infants and others may thereby incur certain Disabiliries For preventing whereof, and for relieving such Persons, Be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Krtt.'. Time i: That every Person who hath neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as afore f N vor to be made and filed, and who, on or before the sixth Day of November one thousand seven him

thcrx mjii.nov/i'.r'i'ics ^rc(^ an sixty onc, shall cause one or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be v. o cio*!ts to auoi filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due Time, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities in or by any astor Acts of Parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any such Neglect or Omission in not caiifing such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made and filed in such manner as the same ought to have been; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, as aforesaid, shall he as efl edlual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective Times the same ought, by the Laws now in being lor that Purpose, to have been so made and filed.

Jjies ct soll.u'.r'is.

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

r, 2l.

57*

., CAP., XXL

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for repealing Part of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may it

please your mo ft Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's mostg.a7 e n'^-ot L e i "!<cn Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and memi" fied v 'mooi commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same! Phat no Person Fowl or Tarmagan be in Scotland shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, have in his or tween 10 nv. and 25 her Possession orul'e, any Moor Fowl or Tarmagan, between the tenth Day of November and thejub; twenty-fifth Day of July, in any Year 5 nor any Partridge between the first Day of February and the tetvveen 1 Ftb

first Day of September, in any Year; nor any Pheasant between the first Day of February and the first phealitsbetween ireb Day of October, in any Year; nor any Heath Fowl commonfy called Black Game, between the first and ioft,

Day of December and the twenty-fifth Day of August, in any Year. Black Game between t

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person transgressing this Act, z5 Aue, ri in any of the aforesaid Cases, shall, for every Bird so taken, killed, destroyed, carried, sold, bought, f j found in their Possession, or used, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds Sterling; and in case of ivionfhs imp rifon insolven'cy, the Party offending shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Months. ment.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences ag inst this Act shall offences how to be en. and may be inquired into and determined either by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible wit quired into and deter ness or Witnesses, or by the Confection or Oaths of the Parties accused, before any two or more of, rnnc<1, his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall be found; and that all Prosecutions for Offences against this Act shall be carried on, either at the Instance of the Fifchal of Court, or of any other Person who will inform or complain.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Forfeitures to Application of the fcr be incurred for any Offence against this at, shall, when recovered, be paid to the Informer or pro feiture' fecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed.

V. Provided always, That any Person aggrieved by the Judgement of any Justices of the Peace, or persons aggr eyed may Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, may have Liberty to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in senior, or loi of" case such Judgement was given by any Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, or to the Lords of Justiciary judiciary, in their next Circuit Court, or (where there are no Circuit Courts) to the Court of Judiciary atj Edinburgh, in case the Judgement complained of was given by the Sheriff Depute of any County; and that the Determination of the said General or Quarter Sessions, or of the Paid Circuit Court, shall be final and eonclusive to all Parlies.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to any Pheasant or Partridge, Act not to extend to which shall be taken in the Seasons allowed by this Act, and kept in any Mew or breedingpheafants or Partridge

ill 1 J b kept in Mews, &c.

Fla

ace.

gc3

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this clause in at 24000. present Act, so much of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty2< - 34 king George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as limits the Time for killing any Moor Fowl, Partridge, or Heath Fowl, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one., '

[Preamble.]

the Sum of seventy thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, upon

Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; in order therefore that the Charge of Pay and Clothing of such Militia may he duly and properly defrayed and satisfied Be it enacted by the King's moil Majesty, by and with Where "Pa) has not yet the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this presentbfenffucd» th,: L U parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within ten Days after that Ins ivia jesty's Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or[erh"vi0ngcertified^the

4 D 2 Plac

ia.ee

C

22.

Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

turned home.

Treasury the a&uahn Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where Pay has not yet been issued for the rclment of thepioportion Militia according to Law, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or quhed^o be implied High Treasurer for the Time being, That three Fifths of the Number of private Militia Men of any

lore Pry, Arms, or Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place,

Clothing are iflu abje, have been chosen and enrolled, and that the like Proportion of the Number of the Commission Officers of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, have been appointed, and have taken out their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications as is by Law required, his Majesty's Laid lieu a e to certify the same tenant, or, in his Absence, the said three Deputy Lieutenants, shall also certify the same to the Real 10 to the Receiver Ge ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place; and when any re nera) of the Land L axe; giment, Battalion, or Independent Company of the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, within any of thvtroocs^n art °* Great Britain aforesaid, that shall have been embodied and cah ed out into atftual Service, have been embodied ard shall be disembodied and returned home by Order of their Commanding Officers, and thereby be no called ou', which shall longer Iiititled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments oath disembodied and re Root receive, his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall belong, or, in his Absence, any three Deputy Lieutenants, shall certify to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place, that such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company is disembodied and returned home as Receivers General are to aforesaid; upon Receipt of which respective Certificate, such Receiver or Receivers General of the make ifties of Months Land Tax shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for the several Uses herein after mentioned;

n adfvafncl protmc that is to say. For the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance from the Date of cates, According to the Certificate, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is by this

establishment of Pay at allowed; and at the Rate of one Shilling a Daw for each Sergeant, with the Addition of two here fct down. Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Sergeant Major, where a Sergeant Major is by this Act

allowed; and at the Rate of six Pence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of six Pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is by this at allowed; and also at the Rate of one Shilling for each private Militia Man, with the Addition of six Pence to each Corporal, for every Day in which such private Militia Man or Corporal shall be respectively employed in the Militia; and also at the Rate of two Shillings for each private Militia Man, with the Addition of one shilling each Corporal for his March on the Monday and Saturday in imoitfun week, to and from the Plate of General Exercise; also at the Rate of five Pence a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of with half a year's Salary Militia; and also for half a year's Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment of Militia, or of the bat to: hc Regimental and talion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, at the Pvate of fifty Pounds a Year; anyth allowances to ant a ore qfpeibive Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the the Clerk of the General several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to say. To the Clerk of the General Meetings; and Clerks of Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of thesubdivisionmeaings: the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the and also Pay for Cloth Clothing of the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, where the Militia hath not already,: |S' been clothed, at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each private Man, and at the Rate of

two Pounds for each Drummer, and at the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings for each Sergeant. Where Certificates, as

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such County, Riding, or Place, within the a^haveb.nrc Part of Great Britain aforesaid, for which his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, any three Deputy Lieutenants, shall have certified to the Purpose aforesaid, and received the Clothing for the Militia thereof which shall not have been embodied and called out into actual Service; and in every County, Riling, and Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, where the Militia shall, after having been embodied and called out into actual Service, be disembodied and be returned home by Order of their Commanding Officers, and thereby be no longer entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, and such Return shall have been certified as aforesaid; Receiver or Receivers General of the Land "Fax for every such respective Certificate for that i'ur County, Riding, or Place, shall make the Issues or Payments aforesaid, without any new or other Ccr

poe "

The Money to be paid to the Clerk of the pscgi jiiciit or Kattaken;

the Receiver-general are to make the usual issues, without any new

tificate made for that Purpose.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid (except such as shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid) shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiment or Regiments, or of the Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding, or Place; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independent Company or Independent Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax into the Hands of the respective Captain of each Independent Company of Militia, or to such Personas such respective Captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons, hereby entitled to receive Pay, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independent Company or Independent Companies, A second Payment to be |luve hccn appointed to consist: such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax shall m Tic, w1 i*nrl also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the on. 1? n cr northeast u, fa'lc] first Payment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall also, and a third within three within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said Miwith* after thcucond. fficond Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent Expenses of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks

an! for Independent Companies, to the rc fycdtive Captains, 01 to tiicir Order.

Anno primo Georgii III.

C

22- 573

Receipts of the Persons to whom the Money shall be paid, discharge the Receivers General.

Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned: And the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Captain of an Independent Company, or Captains of Independent Companies, or of such Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land fax for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after theclc ks are to pay 1

the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one Calendar month's Pay Month inadvance to the in Advance to the Adjutant, and fourteen Days Pay inadvance to the sergeant major and drum major Arjutant, and ijdays to of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Commanding Officer of each jrunf m.^jor"^aj0r an Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months Pay in Advance for his respective and 2 Months pay in Company, and for the contingent Expenses thereof; and so, from Time to Time, so long as any Advance to thecap<ains, Money, on that Account, shall remain in his Hands: Which Pay every such Captain or Command for their respefuve Coming Officer is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company by this Aul inti pa.mes ', .,

11., / ". n, 1, n, a b r who are to distribute the

tied to receive the same, as it shall become due; and shall once in every Year give in to the Clerk of fameas it becomes due; the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, an Account of the several Payments and account for the f.m'e he shall have made in pursuance of this al, and shall pay back to the said Clerk the Surplus, if any, yearly to the Clerk, and of the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands, except the Pjy the Surplus Money by this Act allowed for contingent Expenses; for the Disposition whereof, Provision is herein an<uhb the Balance of after made: And the said Money allowed for the contingent Expenses of each Regiment orbattalion the Money allowed for of Militia, shall once in every Year be accounted for by the Captain of each Company respectively, contingent Expenses; in manner aforesaid; the Balance thereof shall be by him paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, to be applied to the general Use of the which is to be applied to fai! Regiment or Battalion, as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the greater Part of them, the general Uie of the shall, at a General Meeting, direct: And the Captain of each Independent Company is hereby c^ti^ov independent required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company entitled thereto, such Money as he Companies to cifinbu.c shall receive by virtue of this Act; and the said Money, allowed for the contingent Expenses of each the Pay to thciimen, and Independent Company of Militia, shall be respectively applied to the particular Use of such Inde a?fly the Money allowed < pendent Company by the Captain thereof. ior contmscnt Expenses.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his Clerk to retain in his own Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance Hands Money for his herein before made for his Salary; and such Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall pay to such Person own sa!ary '

or Persons as shall produce an Order from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from the Commanding Officer

of such Regiment or Battalion; and such Captain of an Independent Company, or such Personas and discharge the Clcath

shall be by him appointed for that Purpose, shall pay and discharge such Sums of Money as shall be ins Bills

due and owing for or on account of thecloathing of the said Militia, not exceeding the Rates herein

before mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent During the Time the Company of Militia, is or shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Troops are embodied, Officers and private Militia Men are or shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private scrvke^ltpr^iom1111 Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General the Receivers General is of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Indepen to cease.

dent Company of Militia shall belong, whether to the Adjutant, Sergeants, private Militia Men, or others, and all Money allowed as aforesaid, for the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion, shall, during such Time of actual Service, cease and not be paid.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the The Clerk of the Gere clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each f3.1 M; etin?s ls tobep, !ld Meeting, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or ducinganord^tromthe from three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay lieutenant, c.

to each and every the Clerks of the ^ubdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of one and the Clerks of the Pound one Shilling for each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or Subdivision Meetings, more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which vvn'u

said Order or Orders shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax a sufficient Lieutenants. PU Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account. Orders to discharge the

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Mi Receivers Central, litia, shall give Security to his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regimental and Batta regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond, to his Majesty, in the Penalty of one half of the 'i00 Cierksto give Sccu sum required, for the whole year's Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such rlty fr Pay, nsand ac; Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall, from Time to Time, have reicwecf by^hem; °nl6i received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him

reposed; said Bond shall be lodged in the hands.of the Receiver or Receivers General of the lh.e bofkis to e lc, dsrd Land Tax for the respective County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion ^ral/and pun suitvy Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprised in the said Bond, shall and is hereby required them', c. onnonpcr forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the formance of the condi full Costs and Charges of which Suit shall be paid by the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk to the tl.°"s, »iand they^Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be entitled to, and receive to c0fts Charges" "*or their own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, oat of all such Moneys as shall be by and 51. perctnt. of the him or them recovered thereon j and shall account for the Residue thereof with the proper Auditor of Money recovered;

hislhc restjue to^eac

Uy.

Recovery of Penalties, c.

tsto See to be paid for if

ney.

574 C 23. Anno primo Georgii III. A.D. 1760.

m

counted for to the Audi his Majesty's Revenue, the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax charging himself or for themselves therewith upon the next Account of the Land Tax, to be by him or them passed.

The Regimental and

IX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Cap rattaiion Clerks, and tain of every Independent Company of Militia in every County, Riding, and Place, within the Parr Captains of Independent of Great Britain aforesaid shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fifth Day Companies, are to deli of 'Jinie in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, deliver to the Receiver or Receivers "Rece: ptsc a°ndkbulie' General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or mems. Independent Company, sit all belong, a fair Account in Writing of all Moneys by him received and

difhui led for the Service of the preceding Year, in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for and pay ovtr the Balance the same; and filial pay back to the said receiver.or Receivers General of the Land Lax, any" to the Receiver. Geneul; Surplus of such Moneys that shall then be in his Hands; which said Accounts, signed by such regi who are to transmit the mental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independent Company respectively, shall be Accounts mto the Au transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax into the Office of the proper

d.for S Office. Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue.

Jo taktpromrsccu^of ena<^e^5 That in case his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place,

the Clerks, or todepofu within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall neglect to take such Security as aforesaid from tfe the 3or.ds with the Re Clerk or Clerks of his or their respective Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, of M ilitia, ceivtrs Generjl, or to deposit the same in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the

are answerable; for any same County, Riding or Place, such his Majesty's Lieutenant shall be answerable to such Receiver or by t\eir Dctauk.11 a northeast Receivers General of the Land Tax for any Lot's of publick Moneys sustained by the Default of such Clerk or Clerks.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Person is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall he given or fuhng Warrants for mo paid, for or upon Account of any Warrant or Sum of Money, which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance of, this Act.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions in an Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, 'and better securing the Rights ami Liberties of the subjcll) relating to the Commissions and Salaries of judges.

able, reciting Aa

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty d j3 Will. C. 2.4 King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and letter fe curing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; it was enacted, That after the Limitation of the Crown thereby made should take efleft, Judges Commissions be made Ahcamdiu fe bene gejferint, ' and their Salaries ascertained and established; but upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament, ' it might be lawful to remove them: And whereas your Majesty has been graciously pleased to de 1 clare from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, that you look upon the Independency and Uprightness of Judges, as essential to the impartial Administration of Justice, as one of the beftse curitics to the Rights and Liberties of your loving Subjects, and as most conducive to the Honour

of your Crown; and in Consequence thereof, your Majesty has recommended it to the Considera tion of your Parliament, to make further Provision for continuing Judges in the Enjoyment of their Offices during their good Behaviour, notwithstanding the Demise of your Majesty, or any of your Heirs and successors; and your Majesty has also desired your faithful Commons, that you may be

enabled to secure the Salaries of Judges, during the Continuance of their Commissions; And whereas in return for th: s paternal Goodness, and in the justest Sense of your tender Concern for the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of your People, we have taken this important Work into our

Consideration, and have re Solved to enable your Majesty to efteftuate the wife, just, and generous, ' Purposes of your Royal Heart: May it therefore plcal'e your Majesty that it may be enacted; 'And

!t' 'ovwnt ofu^heir Ot' c^by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the fic's during their ^ood Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the au liehaviour.notv/ithaand thority of the same, That the Commissions of Judges for the Time being, shall be, continue, and ing any Demise of the remain, in full force, during their good Behaviour, notwithstanding the Demise of his Majesty t: rovv'1» (whom God long preserve) or of any of his Heirs and Successors; any Law, Usage or Practice,

to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. but they may be rrmnv.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it may be lawful for his Ma

addfc60mbt) hmcn°"ic^x' ^'s i^cirs' ant Succcfl ors, to remove any Judge or Judges upon the Address of both Houses, s 0, ira nt: of Parliament.

J heir sa!tries secured

III. And be it cnr.ft: d by the Authority aforesaid, That such Salaries as are settled upon Judges for the >' heir corn°mmons, Ce mc being, or zny them, by Act of Parliament, and also such Salaries as have been or shall be granted by his Majesty, his Heirs, and Succcfl ors, to any Judge or Judges, shall, in all Time coming, ^be paid and payable to every such Judge and Judges for the Time being, so long as the Patents or Commissions of them, or any of them respectively, fhidl continue and remain in force.

Preamb' 12 and

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

575

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Salaries of Judges as are now or shall become payable out of the annual rent or Sum granted for the Support of his Majesty's house hoid, and of the honour and Dignity of the Crown, hall, from Time to Time, after the Demise of his Majesty, or any of his Heirs and successors, be charged upon, and paid and payable out of, such of the Duties or Revenues granted for the Uses of the Civil Government of his Majesty, his Heirs, and successors, as shall be subsisting after every such Demise respectively, until some further or other Provision be made by Parliament for the Expenses of the Civil Government; and from and immediately after the making of such Provision, and during the Continuance thereof, such Salaries shall be paid and payable out of all or any of the Moneys which shall be applicable to such Uses and Expenses as aforesaid» '

ro be paid, after any Demise of the Crown, out of such of the Revenues granted for the Uses of the Civil Government as shall be subsisting after such Demie, until further Provision be made by Parliament, canno

Regni GEORGII III. Regis Magnss Britanniae, Francis,

6c Hiberniae, secundo.

: A

T the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain,

France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and from thence continued by several Pro rogations to the third Day of November following, being the first Section of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain. t C.

CAP. T.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of - 'the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

Annas, C 7.

WHEREAS your majesty's most faithful Commons reflect with the greatest Pleasure on the joyful and auspicious Event of your majesty's Royal Nuptials with a Princess, defeend ed from an illustrious Protestant Line, distinguished by the most eminent Graces and Endowments,

and worthy to be the Royal Partner of your Throne, by possessing every Virtue that can adorn it,

and have a just Scnfe of that aftcdfionate Regard which your Majesty has hewn for your People,

by consulting on this most important and interesting Occasion, as on every other, their Happiness and that of their Posterity, and are truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that 4 a good, certain, and competent Revenue be settled for supporting the Honour and Dignity of her Majesty, your Royal Consort, in case (lie should survive your Majesty (whose Lives God long 4_ preserve: whereas by an act made in the i^rfl Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving the Inheritance of several Revenues of the Crown, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, all Grants thereof (other than such as are therein expressed) are declared to be void; and by another a&made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled An Aid for efiahushing a General Pcjl9 Anna, C so, Office for all her Majestf s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum qut of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, it was enabled. That such Part of the Duties and Revenues arising in or by the General Letter Office or Poll Office, which was thereby veiled in her said late Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable,

should not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable for any Estate, Term, or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of the King or Queen that should make such Alienation, Charge, or Grant respectively; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, and Assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of, and charged upon, the same Duties or Revenues, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provision pfi that AR should be null and void: And whereas by an act made in the last Seffiom Geo. c, u 4 of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Support of his maje/lys Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, the Duties and Revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together with several temporary Duties and Revenues thereby continued, and all other Branches and Revenues which, on the twenty-fourth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty, flood settled or appointed to be towards the Support of the Haufhold of his late Majesty King George the Second of blessed Memory, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, were except as is therein excepted) directed to be, during your majesty's Life, carried to, and made Part 4 of, the General or Aggregate Fund established by an act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; for the Support of your majesty's Houfhcld, and of the

Honour and Dignity of your Crown, a certain yearly Rent or Rents, or Sum or Sums of Money,

and

1

5.7 6

C

I.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

the Tame to be paid qu terly,

His Majesty empowered, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall by Letters Patent under and may be lawful to and for the King's 1110ft Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent, or inden urro^t^e Cjueen ta0nsarrture' or federal Letters Patent or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to nuiry of ico/dcol "be made, to give and grant to her said Majesty the Queen, or to such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit, to be named in such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of, or in Trust for her Majesty, one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of hundred to take Place from the thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred Decease of his Majesty, thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall commence and take eftedi immediately from and after n" tura l?fec ^U1U'* kerthe Decease of his Majesty, and continue from thenceforth for 2nd during the natural Life of her Majesty j and shall be paid and payable at the four most utual Days of Payment in the Year; that_is to r say, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at such of the said Days as shall first and next happen after the Decease of his Majesty, in case her Majesty the Queen shall survivchim, as aforesaid; and that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds shall or may, by such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, be directed to be issuing and payable out of the hereditary and out of, or charged and chargeable upon all or any Part of such of the said Duties, Revenues, and other Revenues carried to Branches, which by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the sup th"^aggr_egate Fund, by port CJ f}js Majestf s Houshold., and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, were carried to, and made Part of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, as shall be subsisting after the Decease and anyoccafionaldefci of his present Majesty; in case the Duties, Revenues, and Branches, out of which the said An, ency to be made good out nuity or yearly Sum of one bundled thousand Pounds shall be issuing or payable, or charged or t' e'f'a^fund cornpoflfle chargeable upon, shall at any Time or Times be deficient to make good the same, or any Parr thereof, such Deficiency and Deficiencies shall or may, by the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, be directed to be from Time to Time, as often as such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall so happen, supplied, issuing, and payable out of, or charged and chargeable upon, all and every the D uties and Revenues which compose the said Fund, commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of in Preference to alloihcr Money, as hath or have been directed by any former act or acts of Parliament to be paid out of Payments which shall the same) but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon,

thereunon be chargal and payable out of, the said Fund.

'n'..,

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thou

piidat therecdpt of ifisland Pounds shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or by and from the immediate Hands of all and every the Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers for the Time being of the said Duties, Revenues and Branches respectively, upon which the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for [laving the same, or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance and Acquittances of her Majesty, or her Trustees, or of her majesty's Treasureror hr Majesty 'or her Tiuf Receiver-general for the Time being, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment there

tcer, to be a 1'ufficient

'of, without any further or other WARRANT to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf; and that Discharge. the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be

free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other public Charges whatsoever: that if the Officers refirfing or northeast Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the said Commissioners, Farmers, treasu m^to llie, r rers' or Recc, ivers for the Time being, of a! or any of the said Duties, Revenues, or Branches, y upon which the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts

thereof, shall he charged, as aforesaid, shall refuse or negle<st to pay the said Annuity or yearly Sum, or any Part thereof, to her Majesty, her Treasurer, Receiver-general, or Trustees, or to do any at necessary to enable her Majesty, or her Trustees, or her Treasurer, or Receiver-general to receive the same, then her Majesty, or such her Trustees, as aforesaid, may, from Time to Time, due, prosecute, or implead such Officers, Commissioners, Tanners, Treasurers, or Receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for such Sum and Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity of one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, as shall be in the fiands of such Officer or Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, at the Time or Times when Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said yearly Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal orneglcdl to do any at necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers, to enable her Majesty, or her Trustees, Treasurer, or Receiver-general to receive the same.

III. And, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty, in case ft e shall happen to survive his ti Majesty impov.'crc Majesty, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and r'p'^c'npi the^'*for S notwithstanding any Restriction contained in the said at made in the first Year of

Git sa n 'the^i'ji.irc of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, by any Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, un sonil rfct House in ihc der the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give, grant, (ettle, or assure, all that his Majesty's Palace or S: ran with in Rights cjapital Message called by the Name of Demnark house, alias sow.erfct House, alias Strond House, appuucji&rtet, situate in or near the Strand, and in or near the Parish of Saint Mary at St) one, in the County of Middlfx, with its Rights, Mcmbeis, and Appurtenances whatsoever, and all ani singular Houses,

<ju -

majesty's Exchequer,

free of all Taxes and

Charges;

t

Anno secundo Georgii III.

G. 2.

577

Outhouses, Stables, coach houses, Edifices, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Palace or Capital Message belonging, and other the Premises, or any of them, belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, used, or enjoyed, as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or any Part thereof; and also to give, grant, settle, or allure, all that his ma unl also the Lodge majesty's Hotife, now or heretofore usually called the Lodgey and formerly in the Tenure of John Latton igthmond Old Park, and Esquire, situate and being within the Park called or known by the Name of Richmond Old Park, ina" s, af jf11 ls the County of Surrey, and all and singular the Closes, Wood Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, or held or enjoyed therewith by his Majesty upon his ac.celfion to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, all which Premises are Parcel, or reputed Parcel, of the Manor of Richmond, alias jvefl Sheen, in the said County of Surrey; and also ail those Messuages with kede's Farm in the and Closes of Land, commonly called keele's Farm, in the Parish of Mortlake, in the said County of of Mortlake, Surrey, purchased by or in Trust for her late Majesty; and also all such other Closes, Wood Grounds, ^jcd'lo^o^use^with*7' Walks, Easements, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, purchased by or in Trust for her said the said Park, and enjoy late Majesty, or his said late Majesty, or either of them, and added to, or used with the said Park, ed therewith'^ his ma or any Part thereof, or as an Easement or Convenience thereto, and held and enjoyed therewith, by.iesty's Accession to the his Majesty upon his Accession to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, in as full, large, ample, and jrown beneficial Manner and Form as his Majesty might have given, granted, settled, or assured the same, or any Part thereof, if the said Act of the first Year of her said late majesty's Reign, or any the Restrictions, Clauses, Matters, or Things therein contained, had never been had or made; so as by such Gifts, Grants, Settlements, or assurances, or some of them, a good and sure Estate and Interest of and in the said Palace, or Capital Message and Appurtenances, and the said House or Lodge, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, and all other the Premises aforesaid, and every of them, be limited, appointed, settled, or allured, to or for the Use of, or in Trust for her Majesty, in such manner that she may have and enjoy the sole Benefit thereof immediately from and after the Decease of his Majesty, during the Term of her natural Life; and so as an Estate or Interest be thereby also limited, appointed, settled, or allured, to or for the Use of, or in Trust for the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of her Majesty, to take Effect: immediately from and after her Decafe, and to continue for one whole Year from thence next ensuing.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Precepts, The said Letters Patent Directions, and Clauses, to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, Adeemed good in Law, hereafter to be made, as aforesaid, for the better and more certain Payment and Assurance of the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and for making the said respective Revenues, or any of them, or any Part thereof, liable thereunto as aforesaid, and for granting, conveying, settling, and alluring, of the said Palace, or Capital Message and Appurtenances, House or Lodge,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other Premises, shall be, and are hereby enabled to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be expressed, notwithstanding any Restriction, or other Matter or Thing, notwithstanding any Recontained in the said Act: of Parliament made in the first Year of her late majesty's Reign, entitled, 1 e C

An Act for the better Support of her majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and notwithstanding any Restriction, or other Matter or Thing, contained in the said Acts made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for establishing the Poll Office, or in any other Act: or'

Acts of Parliament, and any mif recital, non recital, Omission, or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

V Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs, Execu refaction of Rights, tors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi ors, and

other than to such Person or Persons, who door may Hand seized or possessed in Trust for his Majesty., his Heirs, and Succefi ors) all such Right, Title, Interest, and Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them have, or may have, of, in, to, or out of the Revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or of, in, or to, the said Palace, or Capital Message and Appurtenances, House or Lodge, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, as aforesaid, so to be granted as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made } anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

or g Annp.

CAP. II.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners charged in Execution to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for Relief of Infohent Debtors A Geo. 3'7«

And whereas by the said Act: any Creditor of any Prisoner committed, or who should be committed, and charged in Execution, is empowered to compel such Prisoner to deliver up his Estate and efteftsj in order to his being discharged, in such manner as by the said Act is directed: whereas great Inconveniences have arisen from such Power being given to Creditors as aforesaid; it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent

C 3" 5» Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

Majesty, by anti with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Thr cvnpnlmve Ciaufr in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the ietoe recited Act repeal nineteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, so much of the said recited A CL as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners charged in Execution to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

itraft^ouvichstand" rove always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this at shall not extend, ins such repeal, nwy or construed to extend, to pardon, indemnify, or discharge any Person who hath incurred, or, behued for, 1*1 before, the said nineteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall incur,

any Penalty or Forfeiture, by committing any Offence against: the said act made and passed in the and the Offenders are said first: Year of his present Majesty's Reign; but that every such Offender shall be liable to the for mide liatic to the Pe feitures and Penalties incurred, or, before the said nineteenth Day of November one thousand seven tr, ', ^!5idci: u'es hundred and sixty one, to be incurred, under the said at, made and passed in the said first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as if the said at had not been repealed, and had continued in full Force.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the yyar one thousand seven hundred and sixty two. E XP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for more effectually preventing the excessiveufe of Spirituous Liquors for Home Consumption, by laying additional Duties upon Spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the same, arn for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors.

[Preamble.]

33 Geo. 2. C

former labi's conarn

WHEREAS by an act made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low tvines and Spirits from

t. /. ui. rv. i r if. 7?/.. A. 1 rr___

d

a?*rr. 3. C 30. st

cj ty, 3. C 10. 10e? 11

ty. 3. r. 4 '& it.

W. 3. C II 1 a 'n.ji. i

2. C 14. 4 Ann. C iz. C

J z Ann. j. 2. C 3. 3 C

tr J. C a. 6 Geo. 1.

- u. t

(jio. 1, C IS.

c. 30. a Geo. C 6 Geo. 2. c. 17. < C 14.9 Geo.

lo Geo. 2. r. Geo 2

c. 2. in Geo

2 1.

Gei

7 (" "

z C 2 j7 JS

11 Geo. Geo. 2. 17.

o^O I J j - it.

Liquors, and other Provisions were established, in order by continuing the high Price of such Liquors, to prevent the excessive Use thereof for Home Consumption, at the same time that the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors was intended to be encouraged: And whereas some of the Provisions made by the said act do no less tend to enhance the Price of Spirits made for Exportation, than the Price of those made for Home Consumption: whereas the present Method of subjecting Spirits made for Exportation to the Payment of Duties, and in consideration thereof granting Drawbacks or Allowances upon Exportation, has been found to be attended with many inconveniences: order therefore more effectually to carry on the wife and salutary Purposes of the said Act, by providing a more convenient Method of encouraging the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, and at the same time effectually guarding against any Increase of the Use thereof for eo. f C 7.6.' Home Consumption; it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted f And be it. f. 25. i6 enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords ljgto.z.spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority. 2. <. i2.of the same,'That from and after the twenty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

A c. sixty two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef

20 Geo. 2. C

gio. 2. C AC.

2. C 13. 27 Go. 2. r.fors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the several Kinds of Spirituous Liquors herein 11. 31 G: o. 2. C after mentioned, specified, and enumerated, which shall be made in Great Britain for Home Con

32 Geo. 2. c. 29.

The atlj»ti jnni Dtitics following laid on Spirituous liqut rs, matly or imported into Create Bu

tain, no: being the 1'roducc of the British Colonies; to taloe Place from and after 21 Jan. 1762

fiimption, or imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas (not being the Produce of the British Colonies) over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions by any former act or acts of Parliament thereupon respectively set, rated, and imposed, the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned and expressed; is to say,

The Duties. II For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any

Sort of Drink or Wadi brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from Brewers Wash or L ilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers Wash or Tilts, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny.

III. For every Gallon of Strong Waters, or Aqua Viter, made for Sale of the Materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, threepence,

X IY. Tonne

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

579

IV. For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first extraction, made or drawn in Great Britain from any Foreign or Imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the dif tillers or Makers thereof, three Fence.

V. For every Gallon of Spirits made or drawn in Great Britain, from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, twopence.

VI. For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except those before mentioned) or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny three Farthings.

VII. For every Gallon of Spirits made for Sale, from Cyder or any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except those before mentioned, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, twopence.

VIII. For every Gallon of Single Brandy Spirits or Aqua Vita:, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, not being the Produce of the British Colonies, to be paid by the Importer before landing, six Pence.

IX. For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits or Aqua Vita above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, not being the Produce of the British Colonies

t

to be paid by the Importer before landing, one Shilling.

X. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying, and securing the Duties in England to be

Rates and Duties by this act imposed on the said spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds there undsr, he Receipt and 4 in, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this act granted, as are charged upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in, or e.\dfe there imported into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the Time being; 'and such of the said Rates and Duties as are imposed by this act, upon Spirituous and the'ein Scotland, Liquors made, extracted and manufactured in, or imported into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt; J" 're. and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and and there impowered* the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power by Com to appoint proper Officers million, under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers under them in that Bias shall beneceflary in that Bcmalf; and all Moneys arising by the said Duties in Great Britain, or any?. arjf!r_.

Part thereof (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time tjiercby aleto be paid into Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from to the Exchequer atweft all other Branches of the public Revenue; and shall be subject and liable to such uses, Applications, minster, separate from all and Purposes, as shall by any future act or acts of Parliament be directed or appointed. o: he( punches of the

XI. And whereas by a Clausein the said act of Parliament passed in the thirty third Year of the publick. Revtnuc Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, reciting, that whereas many Evils had arisen

to the Public by reason of the compounding or rectifying of Spirits, by Persons practising the d(ft ]u'r5t0compounder Trade or Business of making or distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain; it was therefore enacted, testify Spirits into Cm, That from and after the twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and hxty, if any or Brandy,

Person practising the Trade or Business of making, extracting, or distilling Low Wines or Spirits,

from Corn or Grain, or any Mixture therewith, or having any Interest, Share, or Property, in any such Trade or Business, should, directly, or indirectly, either by him or herself, or any other Person or Persons in Trust, or for his or her Benefit, rectify, compound, or make, any Sort of Spi rits into the Liquor commonly called Gin, or into Brandy, or any other compound Spirituous Li 4 quors whatsoever, every such Person should, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and that the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of any Person who should, after the said twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, have been guilty of the Offence aforesaid, should not be entitled unto, or maintain any Cause, action,

or Suit, for Recovery, either in Law or Equity, of any Sum or Sums of Money, Debt, or De 4 mand whatsoever, on account or by rcalon of any Interest or Property in, or Profit or Advantage arising in respect of Spirits made, extracted or distilled from Corn or Grain, or any rectified or compounded Spirituous Liquors whatsoever: And whereas it it thought expedient to answer the Purposes of this act, to repeal the same Clause Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore is repealed, said. That the said recited Clause, and every Part thereof, shall, from and after the said twenty first Day. of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, be, and the same is hereby repealed, and 'made null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XII. And for the more effectual securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirits, it is hereby T enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first Day ofnealcr in s'i' its ml' January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no Person or Persons who shall either make or ha^nh^is^hofienimly rectify. any Spirits for Sale, or who shall sell cr deal in any Sort of Spirituous Liquors, shall have insriii or Stills, which his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Per separately or together, Tonnes in Trust, or for the Use or Benefit of him, her, or them, any Still or Number of Stills, unless Tfia, n lcfs p'3n. such Still if a single one, or such Stills taken together if more than one, shall contain at the leaftt!y°°f i0°i' n 1 one hundred Gallons, on pain to forfeit for every such Still the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and and all the fmsliorun that such Stills as shall contain separately Iefs than one hundred Gallons shall be all placed in one der sized Stills, are to c Room or Workhouse, on pain to forfeit for every such Still not so placed, the like Sum of one hun l)ljc^_inpne nom un' dred Pounds; and every Person and Persons who shall, after the said twenty first Day of January wha vriil deal in one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, sell or deal in any Liquors which are chargeable with any excitable Liquors, and Duty of Excise, and who shall also make or distill any Spirits, shall be deemed and taken, and is /hailalfodiftilspirits, are and are hereby declared to be a common Distiller or Distillers for Sale, and is and are hereby required Eclated to 40, 1)1

a. E 2 to

S

C

to enter his.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1j6i

her, and their Still and Stills, and shall be liable to be charged with, and to pay for all'

all the Stills, and other velteis which he shall make use of,

ter their Stills, and paylow Wines and Spirits made by them, the several Rates and Duties of Excise charged by this, and

Duties accordingly. all and every former Act or Acts for laying Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits, and be subject to the

Survey of the Officers of Excise, and to the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this or any

former at or Acts of Parliament nowin Force, in any wise relating to Distillers.

All Waft, and the Low

XIII. And for the better encouraging the Exportation of Spirits made in Great Britain;, Be it v mes, and Spirits there thej cfore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty full Day of Janu- ex^rution^are^xernpt ^t one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no Wall which shall be brewed or made for the ed from the Duties of Ex making of Low Wines, in order to extract Spirits for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, nor any cife; such Low Wines or Spirits, shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise

granted by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament for laying of Duties upon Low Wines or and no Drawbacks or Spirits; and that from thenceforth all and every Drawback, Allowance, and Bounty, which hath Allowances are to be paid keen g|ven or granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament on the Exportation of British made rcon, lor 1 e uture Spirits, to Parts beyond the Seas, whether payable by the Commissioners of Excise or Customs, cease, and be no longer payable or paid; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. except such as were ship XIV. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Payment of the before! iln Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, for such Spirits as shall have been really and bona fide Ship

J'7 '"pedor sent Coallways in order for Exportation, before the said twenty full Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and which had been tried and ascertained according to the di redlions of the said recited Act.

Every Distiller of Spirits

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. from and after the said twenty for Exportation is previ fjrft pay Gf January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, all and every Distiller and Dillil offiwof Exdfc*' ntxt lers who^be derirous of making or dillilling Spirits for Exportation, shall, Days at the leall J before he, she, or they shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wall to be dillilled into l ow Wines, in order to extract Spirits for Exportation, make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise, within the Limits whereof, his, her, or their Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse; or other Place for dillilling or keeping Wall, Low Wines, or Spirits, is or shall be situate, of all and every Still, Copper, Tonne, Walhbatch, Calk, or other Vessel, which, he, she, or they shall make use of for the Brewing, dif tilling, Working, Making, Laying, or Keeping any Worts, Wall, Low Wines, or Spirits, and also of the Casks or Vessels which every such Distiller or Distillers shall make use of for the Brewing, Holding, or Keeping of the after runnings or Feints from the second Extraction, which shall, from and his Workhousesand Time to Time, be drawn from every such Still; and also of all and every Workhouse, Stillhouse, Warehouses, Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place, by him, her, or them used for the Preparing, Dillilling,

with the Day he shall or Keeping Wall, Low Wines, or Spirits; and in such Entry shall insert the Day when he, she, or they shall intend to begin first: to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wall to be dillilled into Low Wines in order to extract Spirits for Exportation; and shall Time afterwards to give afterwards, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of such Entry, give or leave Notice in tut Notice to the proper Writing at the said Office of Excise, or with the Officer of Excise for the Division or Place where o near, before he shall gpjr; ts are intended to be made, four Hours at the leall before he, she, or they shall begin any

Rrewingf cc, Uen such subsequent Brewing or Mixing; and shall insert in such Notice the Hour when he, Ihe, or; nd a like Notice before they shall intend to begin; and shall also, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of such en lie shall pump up, or con try, give or leave Notice in Writing at the said Excise Office, or with the said Officer of Excise, four Hours at the leall before any Wash is pumped up, or otherwise conveyed into the Still or Stills, and shall insert in such Notice the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to begin: And if he, she, or they shall neglect or refuse to make such Entry as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such Entry the Day, when he, she, or they shall intend full to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash as aforesaid, or to give such respective Notices as aforesaid, or to insert in such Notices respectively the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to begin his, her, or their respective Operations as aforesaid; such Distiller and Distillers, for every such. shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds: And if, after such Entry so made,

mvi optrauontormhe ^"uc^ Distiller or Distillers shall not begin and proceed to brew, or mix his Materials as aforesaid. Day and Hours mention the Day mentioned in such Entry, or within four Hours next afterwards; or having given ontd in the Entry and such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, shall not begin and proceed in such respective Operations at the respeihve Notices, c. Hour, and Time or Times, mentioned in such respective Notices, or in two Hours next afterward; n to make a freth Entry, then every such Entry and Notice shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be null and void; and and give fresh Notices, every such Distiller and Distillers shall be obliged to make a freln and like Entry, or to give a ftelh before he proceeds there an(j like Notice or Notices as aforesaid: in case any such Distiller or Distillers shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any Materials for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall pump up or otherwise convey, or cause or fufler to be pumped up or otherwise conveyed, any Wall into the Still or Stills, without making such fresh Entry, in case the lull became void, or giving such fresh Notice or Notices respectively, in case such first Notice or Notices shall respectively become void; then, and in every on Penalty of iooi. such case, such Distiller and Distillers so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

No Distiller for Exporta

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to permit or authorise any uon may enter or give Distiller or Distillers to enter or give Notice of his Intention to make Spirits for Exportation, whole will not contain 1600 walli still will not contain one thousand six hundred Gallons, and the Spirit or Low Wine hill Gallons, and the Spirit eight hundred Gallons neither shall any Distiller or Distillers be entitled or permitted todiftil Spirits

or Low vire- -- ico for

first begin to work; and is from Time to

vey any Wall into the Still

n Penalty of iooi.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

Sr

for Exportation, although he may have made an Entry as aforesaid, unless he, she, or they hall ac allons'^, 'rn!efs he tually have distilled into Spirits all the Wash nd Low Wines in his, her, or their Custody or pofl ef spiri^yn the waffiand fion for the making of Spirits for Home Consumption, at least forty-eight Hours before the daylowwinesinhiscustody mentioned in such Entry. for Home Consumption,

48 Hours before the Day mentioned in the Entry.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Distiller When thewafli and Low or Distillers shall be desirous of diifilling any Spirits for Home Consumption, and hall have actually porutb^fha'n be distifl distilled into Spirits all the wah, Low Wines, and Feints, in his, her, or their Custody or poflef ed, and the Spirits lock fion, for the making of Spirits for Exportation, and such Spirits shall he locked up in the Warehouse up; as herein after is directed; he, flic, 01 they may withdraw his, her, or their Entry for Exportation, and shall be at Liberty to make a fresh and like Entry for making Spirits for Home Consumption; on, and make En

at the Expiration of six Days after such Entry made, it shall and maybe lawful for such Distiller try anew forhomecon and Distillers to begin to brew or mix Materials for Wash to be distilled into Spirits for Home Consumption, and within six fumption: And if any such Distiller or Distillers hall begin to brew or mix Materials for Wash toda.ysatterbeg!nbls°pe' be distilled into Spirits for Home Consumption, without having made such Entry, or contrary torat'°.nfs^c°^'ne y 5 any of the Directions of this Clause, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum ofa0 these Directionshe two hundred Pounds. forfeits zool,

XVIII. And, for the preventing of Frauds, which Distillers for Exportation may commit, by privately removing and concealing the Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits; and in order that the Officer may obtain true Gauges of the same It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Waffi for Spirits for Ex that from and after the said twenty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, portationistobepumped, -. no Wash that shall be brewed or mixed for the extracting Spirits for Exportation, hall be pumped up into the Still or Stills, or otherways removed from the Back or Vessel wherein the same was fer reenceo an cer» mented, but in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, on any Pretence whatsoever; and all and every and the Low Wines ims such Distiller and Distillers shall, and is and are hereby required to run or draw off" his, her, or their mediately run offinto an Low Wines immediately from the Still, into an entered Vessel or Vessels only, and to continue ^tetr^jve^ele dandthcrc them therein, so that the Officers of Excise may take a true Gauge of such Low Wines; and such and vpropercafk enter distiller and Distillers shall each of them provide a proper Caff which shall be duly entered and ed and gauged, sufficient gauged, into which the Spirits shall run immediately from the Still; which Caff shall be sufficient to contain the Spirits ex -- to contain the whole Produce, of Spirits to be extracted from each Still when made up to the protracted is to be provided;. per Strength such Spirits are required to be; and when the whole Quantity of Spirits shall be collect and when the whole is ed in such Cask from each Still, all and every such Distiller and Distillers shall, and is and are hereby collected, required immediately to make up such Spirits, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, to thetbe Spirits are to be made Strength of one to six under Hydrometer Proof; and a true Gauge of such Spirits so made up, hall fhr00l; £ the Presence then be taken by the Officer of Excise, who shall keep an exact Account thereof; and such Spirits, t/him; ^' a" 6aug>' and every Part thereof, shall immediately afterwards be put into Caffs, and secured in the Presence and afterwards put in of the Officer of the Excise, in a Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided and duly entered at theca/ks, and secured in his proper Office of Excise, and kept for that Purpose by and at the Expense of such Distiller and Dif Presence in some entered tillers, which Spirits shall be kept there separate and apart from all Spirits made for Home Consump and approved Warehouse, tion; and no Spirits for Home Consumption shall be put into the same Warehouse; and such Ware vp^rate^om'spi house and Warehouses shall be secured under three Locks and three Keys to each Warehouse into rits for Home Consump -- which the said Spirits shall be carried; one of those Locks to be provided by such Distiller, and the tion, other two Locks to be provided by the Surveyor, Supervisor, or Officer of Excise, of the Division or Place where the said Spirits shall be locked up, at the Expense of such Distiller; whereof one Key. of each Place shall be kept by such Distiller, and another by such Surveyor or Supervisor, and the third by such Officer of Excise, until the same Spirits shall be delivered out for Rectification, or af until delivered out for > terwards for Exportation; which Warehouse and Warehouses shall be made well and sufficiently Reftification, or Export fcgure to the Satisfaction and Approbation of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise fortation> the Time being, in whose Division or District any such Warehouse or Warehouses shall be situate, whose Approbation thereof shall be signified in Writing, under the Hands of such Surveyors or Supervisors; the respective Surveyors or Supervisors are hereby required to attend, on reasonable an(j the Su'ors are to Notice to them given by the respective Distillers, in order to view the same: And if any Distiller or view, and sign their Ap Distillers for Exportation shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, pump up into the Still or Stills, probation of the said or otherwise remove any such Waftj as aforesaid, from the Back or Vessel wherein the same was fer Warehouses. mented, but in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, or hall not run off, or cause to be run off, his, j^hefe dketffoot"8, 7' her, or their Low Wines immediately from the Still into an entered Vessel or Vessels only, or shall*'

continue the same in such entered Vessel or Vessels, so that the Officers of Excise may take a true gauge of such Low Wines, or shall neglect or refuse to provide a proper Cask into which the Spirits shall run immediately from the Still as aforesaid, or to enter such Cask, or shall run off any Spirits from the Still into any Cask, except such Caff herein before directed to be provided, or shall, when the whole Quantity of Spirits shall be collected as aforesaid, neglect or refuse immediately to make up, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, such Spirits to the Strength of one to six under Hydrometer Proof; or shall by any Ways or Means prevent, hinder, or obstruct the Officer or obstructing the Officer of Excise, from taking a Gauge or Gauges of the Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, or to take a Samplein the Gausing> taking or Samples of them or any of them, or to try the Proof of the Spirits (which Gauges, Samples, and ^ap.^s ^h^proo^"*

Trials of Proof, they are hereby empowered to take and make, as often as the Commissioners of Ex r tr>ln2 1 e r00*cife for the Time being hall direct, and which Samples shall be returned by the Officers of Excise to 1'the

s; 82

C

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

tt.

!il

respective Traders, when the Commissioners of Excise shall find it expedient to give Directions for that Purpose) or shall neglect or refute, immediately after the Spirits are so made up to the Strength aforesaid, to put such Spirits into Calks, and secure the same, in the Presence of the Officer of ex cife, in a Warehouse or Warehouses, according to the Directions of this act, or shall neglect or refute to provide and keep a Warehouse or Warehouses for that Purpose, or to secure the same well and sufficiently, according to the Directions of this act, or to provide and keep such Warehouse and Warehouses with Locks and Iveys for securing such Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, or to enter such Warehouse or Warehouses for that Purpose at the proper Office of Excise, or shall make Use of any Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Place or Places for keeping Spirits for Exportation, before the same shall have been first approved of according to the Directions of this act, or shall put into, or keep in, such Warehouse or Warehouses, any Spirits made for Home Consumption; if nr if he flu'.: open any of any such Distiller or Distillers, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever by his, her, or their Order, the Locks in the Ab Privity, Connivance, or Direction, after any such Spirits shall have been locked up and secured in fence or the Officer, any Warehouse or Warehouses for keeping Spirits for Exportation, shall open any of the Locks or Doors in the Absence of the proper Surveyor or Supervisor and Officer of Excise, or shall make any or make any Way into Way or Kind of Entrance into any such Warehouse or Warehouses, or shall remove any Part what such Warehouse, ever Df the Partition between any Warehouse or Warehouses for keeping Spirits for Exportation, and or alter the Condition any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall, after any such Warehouse thereof without giving or Warehouses shall have been so approved of as aforesaid, make any Addition to, or any Way alter Notice to the Surveyor, the same, without Notice first given to the proper Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of such intended and his Content be fist Addition to, or Alteration in, such Warehouse or Warehouses, and his Consent in Writing first had }iad; and obtained for the same; or shall remove any of the said Spirits from any locked Warehouse or

m ^an^o^thtsoidrs^arehouses to any other Warehouse or Warehouses for keeping Spirits for Exportation before the mote any C e pm. >pame he taon out either for immediate Rectification or to be immediately put on Shipboard, and exported to Parts beyond the Seas; or shall, by any Art, Contrivance, or Device whatsoever, remote, or Wash or Low Wines convey away, or conceal, or cause, procure, or suffer to be removed, conveyed away, or concealed, c; of the Wash, or Low Wines for making Spirits for Exportation, or any such Spirits, whether

shall forfeit 500l. raw or rectified, either before the same are put into the Warehouse or Warehouses, or afterwards;

then, and in each and in every such Case, such Distiller and Distillers, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lole the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

Spirits made for Expor

XIX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to hinder any Maker of ration msy be [ent by Spirits for Exportation from sending such Spirits out of his locked up Warehouse to any other Distill ind being first Aveii ^er' Provided such Maker of Spirits sending the same, and the Distiller who shall receive the same, for the due exportation do, before such Spirits are taken out of the Warehouse, give Bond with sufficient Security, to beap thereof, and lea.ealfo had proved of as any other Security is directed by this act to be approved, in double the Value of such from the Commissioners, Spirits, and double the Duties they would have been liable to, if made for Home Consumption, for and Nonce given to the the hueand fair Exportation of such Spirits, within three Months next after the Date of each respectccr>^tive Bond, and provided Leave for that Purpose be first obtained in Writing from the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and that Notice thereof shall have been given to the Officer of Excise, twenty-four Hours at the least, in order that such Officer may receive the same into such distiller's and so as the same see restock; provided such Spirits be removed with a proper Certificate from an Officer of Excise; moved with Certificate, and when such Spirits shall be so received by such Distiller, the same shall be under the like directi &c. ons as to the Rectification and Exportation thereof, and all other Matters and 'Filings, as if such

iuil 'the fam ^p*ri'ts ben rectified and exported by the Maker thereof; and such Distiller shall, for Breach of

ties for Breach of direc any f those Directions, be subject to the like Penalties as the Maker of such Spirits would have tionsj as the Maker, been for the like Offences.

would have been. _

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty rar i! naftlkcd Sp, r!tsj first Day of 'january one thousand seven hundred and ffxty two, no raw unrechfied Spirits shall be dffiillean giveffi^no permitted to be exported; and when any such Distiller or Distillers, for Exportation, shall be defi tice to the proper officer, rus to take any of his, her, or their Spirits out of any of the said Warehouses, where the same when any Spirits are in shall be locked up, in order to be rectified, or when rectified, and again deposited in such Warehouse tended to be taken out of or Warehouses, in order to be put immediately on shipboard for Exportation, he, she, or they to" be retified shall thereof S've Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Supervisor, or the Officer of Excise of the

on Board for Exportation Division or district where such Spirits shall be so locked up, the Space of four Hours before the c. Time he, she, or they shall design to take out the same, as aforesaid, and shall also insert in the said

Notice, the precise Day and Hour of such Day, when he, she, or they shall or do intend taking any of the said Spirits out of the said Warehouse or Warehouses, and shall also infer! in such Notice the Quantity and Quality of Spirits he, she, or they do then desire to take out, and whether such Spirits are raw or rectified, and out of what particular Warehouse, and whether the same are for and the officer is to at Rectification, and by whom, or for immediate Exportation, or to be sent Coastways, and to whom, tend, and take an Ac and to what Port, and whether for Merchandise or Stores; and in such Case the respective Surveyor count thereof; or Supervisor, or Officer, is and are hereby required to attend pursuant to such Notice, at the respective

Places where the said Spirits shall lie locked up, and see the Quantity of Spirits taken out in pursuance of such Notice, and he or they are hereby required to take an exacf Account of the same; and diailler not keeping and in case any such Distiller or Distillers shall not begin and proceed to take the said Spirits out of the to his nme, n to give fa; (i Warehouse or Warehouses, at the Hour and Time mentioned in such Notice, or within two Hours next after, then every such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be void, and such Distiller

ficffi Notice

or Distillers shall be,

and is hereby obliged to give a fresh and like Notice in manner aforesaid, four

Hours

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 5. 5#3

Hours at the least before he, she, or they shall begin to take any of the said Spirits out of the said

Warehouse or Warehouses: in case any such Distiller or Distillers shall negleh or refuse to give and tailing in any of the

such first Notice, before he takes out any of the said Spirits, or to insert in such Notice the Particulars ^a^sul^so|ierete^ulied

in such Notice herein before required, or to give a fresh Notice in manner aforesaid, four Hours at or el s

the least before he, she, or they shall begin to take out any of the said Spirits in case he, she, or they shall not begin and proceed to take out the said Spirits at the Hour and Time mentioned in the said first Notice, or within two Hours next afterwards, such Distiller or Distillers shall!, in every such

case, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any raw Spirits shall be so taken pavv sp nts taken ou

out, in pursuance of such Notice, the same shall be immediately pumped up, or put, in the Presence ofi, "e^beforthwithout' the Officer of Excise, into the S ill or Stills, and be rectified forthwith, and the Spirits shall be run Into the still in the off immediately from the Still into a like Cask as is before directed to be provided and entered for theficer's Pretence, andrre^ containing of Spirits immediately distilled from Low Wines; and when the whole Quantity of spi tified., and run into rits designed to be made into Brandy shall be collected in such Cask from each Still, the same shall bethe s{'int cask; p, immediately made up in the Presence of the Officer of Excise to the Strength of one to six under by gauget; e°p r00* drometer Proof, at which Strength all Spirits are to be exported, and a true Gauge of such Spirits and are afterwards to be fomade up, shall then be taken by the Officer of Excise, who shall keep an exah Account thereof; put into Caiks, and ship. and such Spirits shall immediately afterwards be put into Calks, and, in the Presence of the officerped for Exportation, or of Excise, either carried direct, on shipboard for Exportation (if intended to be immediately in proper aie

ported) or else into such Warehouse or Warehouse, to be locked up in manner aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall ^ev^4fp from the* at any Time so happen, that the Spirits distilled for Exportation in one Day belonging to any Dif 5!; mca'/k tfamebay, tiller or Distillers, cannot, for Want of Time, be conveyed from the Spirit Cask (into which they and secured in the ware are directed to be run immediately from the Still) and locked up in the Warehouse or Warehouses, house,

as herein before is directed, the Officer of Excise shall gauge the same, and secure the Lid of the said Spirit Cask, and take Samples thereof; which Spirits shall be locked up in such Warehouse or Ware Officer is to gauge houses the next Morning (if not intended for immediate Exportation): And if it shall appear that thereof and secure" any Decrease has been made in the Quantity or Quality of the said Spirit so gauged, or in case any the Lid of the Cask; Spirits shall have been removed in the Absence of the Officer of Excise, in either of the said and if any Fraud shall Cases the Distiller or Distillers shall be and are hereby charged for the said Spirits so decreased or re thereupon be committed, moved, with double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with if made for Home Con pajf

fumption; which the Officer of Excise is hereby required to charge accordingly. °L'

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Distiller or Distillers, after he, she, or they have deponted any Spirits made for Exportation (whether.

raw or rectified) in manner aforesaid, in such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall be deftrous of ufingalv, e said Pr, t3' any such Spirits for Home Consumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their Desire to the Com expoitadon/may upon missioner of Excise for the Time being, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or Application to the com any two of them, to direct the Quantity of Spirits so deftred to be taken out of such Warehouse ormifi>0ners, and Payment Warehouses, and delivered to such Distiller or Distillers, he, she, or they having first duly paid toof duties, be taken the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, the Sum of°nd°uvevfor Home con forty Pounds and ten Shillings, for each Tonne of such Spirits of the Strength they were taken into fumption. such Warehouse; one to six under hydrometer Proof. A Gallon of Brandy, or

XXIV. And for the Purposes of this Act, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, thatproof Spirit, to be reek

each Gallon of Brandy, or Spirits of the Strength of one to six under hydrometer Proof, shall be, iedat 7ib l30Z' the; taken and reckoned at seven Pounds and thirteen Ounces the Gallon. Gallon.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Q" an.tlty

twenty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, when any Quantity of raw prod^ed/a^vasddiver spirits shall, in pursuance of any Notice, be delivered out of the Warehouse or Warehouses, in ed out of raw Spirits to order to rehify the same, as many Gallons of rectified Spirits, and of the same Strength when made be rectified,

up, shall be produced, as such Quantity amounted to when taken out of the Warehouse or Warehouses, allowing only for the Feints; and the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being are herebyallowingfor thefeints. authorised and required to make just Allowances for necessary Waite, and the Difference that will Allowances to be made arise between gauging and weighing Spirits; which Feints shall also be run off from the Still directly jj jnv^ftev(.egnd into one large entered Feint Cask, and shall be immediately gauged as loon as the Still is off, in gand^veigtiin^spu k^ and an Account thereof taken by the Officer of Excise, and kept in Stock by him, who shall and p^nts to b°run°ofr into' may take a Sample or Samples of such feints; which Feints shall be in like manner locked up in such the Feint Cask, and gaug warehouse or Warehouses, and shall be there put into one or more large Casks to be provided by such ed> and km in Stock, Distiller or Distillers, and marked with the Word Feints; and every such Distiller and Distillers shall, ad fefured >, anl, am a Month at least, distill all his Feints, and makeup the Spirits to be produced therefrom of the and to beall distnkd once Strength of one to six under hydrometer Proof; and all such Spirits shall then be locked up, or ex a»mor.th, atleaft, and ported, as other Spirits for exportation.are hereby direhed to be. made into Proof Spirits

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said and then locked up or ex

twenty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and., sixty two, in order the more effectually, to pay double

to prevent such Distillers from fraudulently removing Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, if any Decieale Dntyj for any fraudulent shall at any Time or Times appear to be found in the Wash of any Distiller or Distillers or Decrease of washorspi. made for the Distilling of Spirits, for Exportation (except such Decrease as shall be made appear for ts for Exportation;, the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, to have really and truly arisen

from Accidents) such Distiller or Distillers shall be, and is and are hereby charged with a double.

Duty.

C

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

and the Spirits from be ing secreted.

On Delivery of Spirits

Duty for the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits such Wash so decreased is presumed to make; and to be compute., accord Officers of Excise are hereby required in such Case, to make such Charge accordingly, calculating Wa fh won id ma kv 0 f such Wash so found to be decreased, to produce the same Quantity cf Low Wines and Spirits as Low Wines and Spirits Wash is presumed to do when Spirits are made for home Consumption: if any Decrease shall at for homeconsumption jany Time or Times appear in the Stock of Spirits made for Exportation, belonging to any such and to pay double Duty, j)jfti]]er or Distillers, except such as can or may be accounted for by the Certificates of the proper fraudu!ent"i?ecreab" in' ^cer or Officers, either as being exported as Merchandise, or for Stores, or as being taken out for his Stock of Spirits made home Consumption, on Payment of Duties by the Consent of the Commissioners of Excise, or by any for Exportation. Allowance the said Commissioners shall have made to any such Distiller or Distillers, for or by reason

of Waste, or any Difference which may have arisen between Gauge and Weight, or by being sent Coastways for Exportation, or by being sent, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Excise, to any other Distiller, in order to be rectified for Exportation; every such Distiller and Distillers shall be charged, and the Officers of Excise are hereby required to charge him, her, or them for all the Spirits so found to be decreased and not properly accounted for, with double the Duties such Spirits Officer to secure the Still would have been charged with if made for home Consumption: the more effectually to prevent and other Vessels from such Distillers from working in the Absence of the Officers of Excise, every such Distiller and distil b ing fraudulently made]ers Js and are hereby required to permit the Officer of Excise to secure the Head and Heads of his,

1: e of in his Absence j her, or their Still or Stilis, when such Still or Stills are not at Work, and also the Pump or Pumps for charging the Still or Stills, and emptying the Low Wine and Spirit Calk, so as to prevent the same being used in the Absence of the Officer, and also to secure the Lid or Head of the Low Wine and Spirit Casks, and the Safe at the End of the Worm, to prevent any Spirits or Low Wines being secreted, whilst the Still is at Work; all which the said Officers are hereby empowered to do.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when Spirits made for Ex

tobefentcoaftways, with portation shall be delivered out of any Warehouse or Warehouses so secured as aforesaid to be sent

Certificate for Exportati coastways (with a Certificate from the proper Officer) in order for Exportation to foreign Parts from

Bond and securit5fo^thean y p°rt of this Kingdom, the Distiller or Distillers, out of whose Warehouse such Spirits were

due"landing thereofin delivered, shall, on taking out the same, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his

the Port wtiere entered Heirs and successors, to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excise for the Time being,

for. or any three of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint for

that Purpose, in double the Value of the Spirits, and double the Duties which are payable for the

like Spirits distilled for home Consumption, that the same Spirits, and every Part thereof, shall (the

Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly landed in such Port of this Kingdom,

Bonds not tobedischarg for which the same shall be entered; and such Bonds so entered into, shall not be discharged or be

ed, till acertificate, con delivered up until a Certificate shall be produced from the Chief Officer of Excise of the Port for

ditioned to be reiumed in which such Spirits were entered, testifying the Landing thereof, and describing the Number of the f, X Months, be produced casks

or other Package containing the Spirits, and the particular Marks of such Casks or Package, of the landin the same anc the exa^t Quantity of Spirits landed; and also testifying that the Master, Mate, Purser, or other accordingly, C Person, having the Charge of the Ship or vessel during the Voyage in which the said Spirits were

and of Oath being made sent Coastways, had made Oath before him that the said Spirits, and every Part thereof, were fairly by the Master, that the landed there 5 and that at the'l ime of landing the y were of the same Quality as when shipped on ' 'withoutan"^fraud hoard, and that no Part of such Spirits had been wilfully or fraudulently diminished, relanded, or ir] the Quantity or Qua unshipped, since the same were put on board (which Oath the said respective Officers of Excise are lity of the Spirits; hereby empowered to administer) and also testifying that the same Spirits, and every Part thereof, ned Proof that the same Were really and truly, since their Arrival there, exported from thence to foreign Parts; and the con havi hnce been exported ass such Coast Bonds shall be, to produce such Certificate in six Months from the Date

j, 1' ence to ulugn thereof; and such Spirits so to be sent Coastways, when landed at the Port for which they were and the Spirits on their entered, shall be, immediately on the landing thereof, put into a proper Warehouse, and there cou lamling, aretobe securedtinued until the same shall be exported, and shall be secured by the Person to whom they are sent, in a proper Warehouse ancj by the said Chief Officer of Excise, by two different Locks and Keys, one of which said Keys .1. exported. shall^said perfor, 5 ancj the other by the said Officer; which Warehouse Locks and Keys

Matters, and others, con shall be provided by the Persons to whom the Spirits were sent; and all Masters, Commanders, and tvned in the fraudulent other Persons, belonging to any Ship or Vessel carrying Goods Coastways, who shall assist or coiir lmding, or imbezzhng nive at the fraudulent landing, embezzling, or diminishing any Spirits sent Coastways, and all other hal'e'to Penalties' ^cr^"ons assisting or Otherwise concerned in the unshipping the same, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, are hereby declared to be subject and liable to all the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are inflidied by any former Act or Acts of Parliament for enforcing the fair Exportation of Spirits to foreign Parts.

XXVIII. And for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits made or drawn in A Bounty of 3l. 12s. pdgreat Britain from Corn, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty tun, is allowed on all first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, there shall be a Bounty of three bn'.iffi Spirits made from Pounds and twelve Shillings for every Tun of Spirits so drawn or made in Great Britain from Corn Corn, exported as Mrr V 'hich shall be exported as Merchandise to Parts beyond the Seas; and upon Oath being made before oath bhngmndenofts any two 0! more f the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place due Conformity to the from whence any such Spirits are intended to be exported, that the same were drawn and made in Regulations of this Act j Great Britain from Corn under the Regulations of this Act, and not mixed with any other Materials, except what were neccftary for rectifying the same; and that since the making thereof the same have been properly secured in a Warehouse or Warehouses according to the Directions of this Act; and

thai

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

585

that the same are to be exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas; and upon producing and a Certificate proa

Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the Officer or Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where duced from the proper

such Spirits were hipped, of the Quantities so hipped, and that the same were hipped in the Pre the Quantity

fence of such Officer or Officers, the Distiller or Distillers shall be paid by the Commissioners of hippe

Excise, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits shall be hipped, the said Bounty of

three Pounds twelve Shillings for every Tun of such Spirits so shipped off; and foin proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XXIX. And whereas Spirits shipped for Stores are frequently concealed from the Sight of the Officers of Excise, under Pretence of the same being put or placed beneath other Goods, which ives an Opportunity to defraud the Revenue; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, Spirits shipped for Stores, all such Spirits as shall be hipped for Stores shall, during the Time the Ship or Vessel is or shall be to be openly (lowed, within the Limits of any Port of this K ingdom, be openly flowed and kept so that the Officers of tke Vessel is m Excise may at any Time examine the same; on pain of forfeiting the double Duty of all such Stores 'examine ti same which hall not be so flowed and kept, or produced and hewn to the Officers of Excise; said 0; 1 Forfeiture of double double Duty shall be charged by the Officers of Excise for such Stores which shall not be so flowed, Du yj and kept or produced and hewn, according to the Rate such Spirits would have been charged with, if made for home Consumption; which Charge shall be paid by the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel to be paid by themaster. on board of which such Stores were shipped: when any Spirits made for Exportation shall be entered for Exportation to Ireland, or his Majesty's Plantations in America, or to any other Parts On Entry of Spirits made beyond the Seas in Europe, or to any Parts beyond the Seas iw Africa, the Exporter or Exporters for Exportation forlie thereof, when the whole Quantity of Spirits intended at that Time to be exported shall be hipped, euvo^hke

hall immediately give and enter into such and the like Bonds for the due and fair Exportation of such Bon ar^tobe^iven, C Spirits, and produce such Certificates within the respective Times, and make such Proofs as were Certificates produced respectively required to be given, entered into, produced and made, by the said herein in part recited m.d. Picofs made, as are Adit of the thirty third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, on the retmed m similar Caies Exportation of Spirits to the respective Places before mentioned, in pursuance of the Directions of n i^tedaft of*33 that Actexcept only that the Penalty in every Bond so to be entered into in pursuance of this Act, Geo. 2. 33

hall be double the Value of the Spirits entered for Exportation, and double the Duties such Spirits excepting as to the pe ought to have paid, if they had been made for home Consumption; until such Bond shall be nai, y which is to be entered into by the Exporter or Exporters, the Distiller or Distillers from whole Warehouse such joue arid.

Spirits were sent, shall be and are hereby charged for such Quantity of Spirits lb hipped for Expor tni* Bond Is entered Into tation, with double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with if made for home con by the Exporter, the fumption; and such Charge shall not be discharged until such Bond shall be entered into: And when b.fiiileris liable to the any British made or foreign Spirits shall be entered for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas in double Duties.

Sljia, the Exporter or Exporters thereof, when the whole Quantity of Spirits intended at that Time S utbc

to be exported shall be shipped, shall immediately give and enter into a Bond of the like Tenor and of like Tenor av.d Con condition, with the like Security, and make the like Proof as was required to be given, entered into, dition with those required and made, by the said herein in part recited Action the Exportation of Spirits to Parts beyond the by the recited Act for Seas i Africa, in pursuance of the Directions of that Act; except only that the Penalty in every Spirit? enured forafnca, Bond so to be entered into in pursuance of this Act, shall be double the Value of the Spirits entered txceptas to the Penalty; for Exportation, and double the Duties such Spirits ought to have been charged with, if they had been made or used for home Consumption; until such Bond shall be entered into by the Exporter and until Bond is en or Exporters, the Distiller ordistillers from whosewarehouse such Spirits were sent, shall be and are tered into, thedistilleris hereby charged for such Quantity of Spirits so shipped for Exportation, with double the Duties such liable to the dut!cs> r Spirits would have been charged with, if made for home Consumption; and such Charge hail net be discharged until such Bond shall be entered into; and also except that the Proof of the due Exportation of such Spirits shall not be required to be made till the End of three Years from the Date of such respective Bond; and all and every Person and Persons authorised by the said in part recited Power of administering

act to administer any Oath or Oaths in any ways relating to the due Exportation of Spirits under the Oaths in ihh'e Cases,

Directions of that at, shall be and are hereby empowered to administer the like Oaths for the Pur the as under ue poses of this act. _ recued Act.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Penalty ofobfimaingan Distillers, or any other Person or Persons, shall obstru£l, molest, let, or hinder any (Officer of Ex officer in the Execution cife in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities, or any of them, given by this a.61, all and of hls Dut 10qi' every Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Autho The Powers, Rules, pe ritie1 --, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in nalties, and cu.i.es.&c.

..ji______ an___j_ ..__ir.l v_____rn_r>-: cv u. c___j i. i, ? An r in Act: 2 Car.

or m

and by an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for taking axvay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Pur Intend'd

veyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieujhereof) or by any other Law now in force, to this Act.'relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, or in any wise relating to the due and fair Exportation of Spirits to foreign Parts (not otherwise altered by this A6V) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, Tor the securing, enforcing, managing,

586 C 6. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

Recovery, Mitigation, and Application of Penalties, in general.

Ceneral Issue,

Treble Cells.

raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering the Duties and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, or in any wise relating to the due and fair Exportation of Spirits to foreign Parts; as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, Means, and Methods, as any Pine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or maybe recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise (not otherwise directed by this Act) or by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success ors, and the other Moiety to him or t..em who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molelted, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General issue, and give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontkiue his, her, or their action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Coils awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter into this Kingdom from Ireland, for a limited Time for the Supply of his Majesty's Ships, Transport and other Ships and Vessels, in his Majesty's immediate Service and Pay.

[Preamble.]

Commissioners for victualling the Navy, and Persons authorised by

F'

OR the more easy victualling of his Majesty's Ships, and Transport and other Ships and Vessels, at this Time; Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of December in this present Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, it shall and may he lawful for the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, or for any Person or Persons having an Authority under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, to import

1 VI uiv — 1 j 1 1 j J J j

yort an! o i er vefris in to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; the Hid Commissioners, and other Persons authors

Majesty

duty free, &c.

ravirg care that sin r he depefited in the

the

rized as aforesaid, acting according to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, shall be, and they are hereby, exempted from the Payment of all Subsidies, Customs, Rates, Duties, or other impoli tions, and from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, and Punishments for or upon account of importing or bringing of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter into this Kingdom from Ireland, for the Uses aforesaid; act or acis of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And the said Commissioners shall take care that upon the Importation of such Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter into this Kingdom from Ireland, the same, and every Part thereof, shall be deposited in his Majesty's Store .1 lord ucccid^iv 2nd houses at or nearest the Port where the same shall be imported, there to be under the Care and in spection of the proper Officers having the Care of his Majesty's Stores for victualling Ships and Vessels in his Majesty's Service, and shall be applied as is herein before directed; and the said Commissioners shall cause an Account to be kept of all such Salted Beef, Pork and Butter, and how the same is disposed of.

II. Provided nevertheless, That if at any Time it shall happen that any of the said Provision9 which shall be imported under the Authority of this act, shall be, by the said Commissioners, deemed unserviceable, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to order and direct any Person or Persons they shall think proper to sell the same, for the bell Price or Prices that can begot; and such Person or Persons so authorised to sell the same shall, and

2nd that an Account be !<ep! thereof, and how the same is disposed cf.

If any of the said pro vil ions shall be deemed unserviceable, the com milt-.or.ers may authorise: !.e lame to be sold

tr.c Purchaser.

I. miration of Actions.

and Punishments for or upon account of such Salted Beef, Pork, or Butter so purchased by them as

aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority commenced against any Person or Persons for any feiulant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit

aforesaid, That if any action or Suit shall be Thing done in pursuance of this A CL the de shall and may plead the General Iffiic, and give

this act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon;

and that the same was

gi.ueral isle.

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 7,

s87

was done in pursuance, and by the Authority, of this Act: And be it hall appear to have been so

done, the Juryshall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff' shall be nonsuited, or

discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared > or if Judgement hall

[Treble Costs.]

be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants

hath or have in other Cases by Law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in This Act 0 be in force force from the said twenty-fourth Day of December in this present year one thousand seven hundred tili 2+ Dec 1762. and sixty one, until the twenty-fourth Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and no longer.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Par preamble,

liament assembled, for raising the Supply granted to your Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and also towards raising the Supply granted to your Majesty for 6 Naval cervices, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; and do there the Sum of 1, 500, 03c!.*fore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's granted; most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the

Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, to be raised by Loans oj from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Exchequer Bills, Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules in like manner as loans and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grantor Exchequer Bills autho ing an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thou r'zeti b>'.the Land Tax of sand seven hundred and fxty huo, are enabled and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills 1 1s C ion> to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provi and all the Clauses and foes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said Powers, c. in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act Act relating to the Loans (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such extendedlo^bls Act Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of Exception.

the said Act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and reenabled in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Exchequer Bills irtued CC

Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued andiie °! chved"

paid at the Exchequer to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being, and applied by him in Payment of any for the Purposes herein after mentioned, be afterwards, at any Time before the twenty sixth Day of of the publickrevenues, March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, received or taken, or pass or be current to any

Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Succefi ors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic "or Corporate, otherwise, or on any other Account, than for the Discharge and Cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment before the said twenty sixth Day of March; lior shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange at any Time before the said or changed before 26 twenty sixth Day of March, for any Money of fuctyrevenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his lviarch 1763.

Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued and applied as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neg ebling or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the said twenty sixth Day of March; anything in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 'one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, or this Act, containediio the contrary notwithstanding.

C 8.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

The raid Loans or Exchequer Bills, and inte teii, to be paid our of the first Supplies granted in the next Session;

otherwise to be charged on, and payable out of, the Sinking Fund.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and hail be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall he granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose hall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the interest. Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the lame, hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys as, at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, hall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues com poling the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use orufes by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fundshall and may be issued and applied, as loon as the same can be regularly Rated and ascertained, for and towards paying oft, cancelling, and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, interest. Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, ball, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then ate r granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in like maimer at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million five hundred thousand

Act 5 & 6w. & M. Pounds; anything in an Ail made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and

c. 0, Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of

Ships and vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recoonpences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against Frznce, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act granted, hall be appropriated, and is hereby appropriated, for and towards theules and Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say, That out of the said Sum there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, towards paying oft' and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Naval Services herein after mentioned; that is to say, Towards Viiluals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and towards sea services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and half-pay to Sea Officers, and towards maintaining nineteen thousand and sixty one Marines; and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows, or

Moneys iluicd ent of the Sinking Fund for tint Purpose, 10 be replaced «<: of the first Supplies,

Bank of England authorised to advance the said Sum.

The same to be applied, viz. i, cco, cool, towards discharging the Debt of the Navy;

and 500, 000 1. towards Naval Soivices.

Preamble, reciting Claufrs in the Acts of 2, 0 Geo. 2. c. 3.

20 Geo. 2. c. 42.

21 GV«. 2. C 10, and 31 Geo. 2. c. 22.

Lights.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty aether Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds, by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; it was enacted, That there hold be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiois, the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, in the said Ail mentioned; which Ail was explained, amended, and enforced by two other Acts, one made in the same Session of Parliament, and the other in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty: And whereas by an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights \ and for raising the Sum of five millions, by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; it was enacted, That there hold be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows or Lights, in the said Act mentioned: And whereas byanaitof this Session of Parliament, the Annuities payable in respect of the Sum of twelve millions advanced upon the Credit of the said Ail, are charged upon the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the said Annuities, oryearly Payments, so charged on the said Fund, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several Rates and Duties upon - 3 ' Windows

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III. Q. 8. 589

Window's or Lights herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it

maybe enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pref.nt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the f.tme, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thou The following Rates and.

fond seven hundred and sixty two there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, esantd°a['1eke p!fre.

his Heirs, and Successors, the several Rates and Duties upon Windows, or Lights, herein after men a"izattr 5 p "

tioned; that is to say.

For every Window, or Light, in every dwelling house inhabited, or to be inhabited, within is. upon every Window, and throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain eight or nine Windows, °r_light, in Houfo Conor Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling for every Window, or Light, in such anti^mort" Windows* House. n 1 '

And for every Window, or Light, in every dwelling house as aforesaid, which shall contain tend. additional on all or eleven Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of six Pence for each Window, cont v g to or n, andr or Light, in such Houfo; over and above, and by way of Addition to, the several and respective no more 5 Duties chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf.

And for every Window, or Light, in every dwelling house as aforesaid, which shall contain i s. additional on all twelve, thirteen, or fourteen W indows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling for containing 12, 13, or each Window, or Light, in such House; over and above, and by way of Addition to, the several 145 and nomort» and respective Duties chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf.

And for every Window, or Light, in every dwelling house as aforesaid, which shall contain fif additional on all teen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, or nineteen Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum t°ntain, ns l J. of threepence for each Window, or Light, in such House; and above, and by way of Addition iu>or and not more* to, the several and respective du.ies chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Laid several Duties by this Act im Duties of this Act to be posed within and throughout the Laid Kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon such Windows or ra, Peda, d Paid as tlae Lights as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied and collected, and paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, for th/recited^ft" of 20, the Purposes in this Act expressed, in such and like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, Zl> and 31 Geo. 2. are and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and diiated;

Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties on

Houses, Windows, or Lights, in and by the said several Acts of Parliament, made in the Laid twentieth, twenty sir ft, and thirty first Years of his late Majesty's Reign, herein before mentioned; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and the Powers, c. in' and Things, now in force, contained in the said four several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, tl, e fid Acts for for the raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full ^u.rpofts> extended force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, within and throughout the whole nis, '

Kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same, or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present.

Act; and that all Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Th(; artfng by

Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into aelepui, ev bsp;, ld the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches pate avd^pan from nil of the public Revenue, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund commonly called the other Branches of the Sinking Fund, towards making good the said Annuities or yearly Payments, payable in respect of Public Revenues;

the said Sum of twelve millions charged upon the said Fund by an Act of this Session of Par and to fc^camed into liament. > _ the Sinking Fund.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners authorised for Commissioners for the

putting in execution the four said former Acts, or either of them, for all and every the respective forimr Acts, tomeeton Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respee 7 the

tively, within Great Britain, shall meet together at the most usual and common Place of Meeting.execution of this iuh " within such Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and

Places respectively, within Great Britain, on or before the eighteenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act, for aftefting, raising, levying, and collecting the Duties hereby, granted, in such and the same manner, to all intents and Purposes, as is prescribed by the four former Acts, or either of them, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any T hing by him or them done or executed in pur fuanee of this Actor of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter, in Evidence, for his or their Defence; General Issue, and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him Treble Costs* or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

59°

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

CAP. IX.

An Act for charging certain Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, on the Sinking Fund, and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loll, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Preamble, reciting Act 33 Geo. 2. c. 7.

The principal Sum of S, oooo, ooool. borrowed

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt 3 and for raising the Sum of eight millions by way of Annuities and a Lottery,

to be charged on the said Duties 3 and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills., Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lojl, burnt, or othervjifs defrayed 3 several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, have advanced and lent the Sum of eight millions, upon the Credit of the several Duties upon Malt, by the said Act granted, for the Purchase of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the certain Term of twenty-one Years, and from the Expiration thereof, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament: And whereas an additional Capital of three Pounds was by the said Act directed to be added to every one hundred Pounds advanced towards the said Sum of eight millions, amounting to two hundred and forty thousand Pounds, to be attended with like Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively: And whereas it is thought necessary that the said principal Sum of eight millions, and likewise the said additional Capital amounting to two hundred and forty thousand Pounds, together with the Charges and Expenses attending the same, should be, with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, to be signified within the Time herein after mentioned, charged upon and paid out of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund and that the several Duties upon Malt, which by the said Act were made a Fund for Payment of the said four Pounds per Centum Annuities, Should be carried to and made Part of the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund3' May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, the said principal Sum of eight millions, borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and the said additional J. d^tn/the ad if Capital amounting to two hundred and forty thousand Pounds, carrying an interest after the Rate of tional Capital of four Pounds percent uni per Annum, for the said Term of twenty-one Years, and from the Expiration 7.4c, ocol. directed to thereof, an interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, together with the Charges le added thereto } are to and Expenses attending the same, shall be charged upon and paid out of the Fund commonly called b charged upon and ejgj}£ g\nfang Fund., until Redemption thereof by Parliament; anything in the said Act made in fngvund111 'Ir " the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Proprietor? who Oiaii not H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors who shall not, on bgnity their Dt'lcnr by Qr before te twenty first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, signify their dif to beopened^bt thwank* ft'111 to charging of their Annuities on the Sinking Fund, in Books to be opened at the Bank of deemed to aftem thereto '.england for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto; anything to the contrary ihereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which have arisen since the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, or that shall or may hereafter arise, of the several Du ies upon Malt, which were made a Fund for Payment of four Pounds per Centum per Annum at the Bank of England; and also of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in manner abovementioned, on eight millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and on the additional Capital amounting to two hundred and forty thousand Pounds; shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Sinking Fund, and shall be issued and applied to such Uses and Purposes as the several excesses, siirphslcs, or Overplus Moneys, composing the said Sinking Fund, are or may be issued and applied; any T hing in the said Act of the thirty third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas several Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets, and likewise for Annuities of diverse Kinds payable at or near the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, as also several Receipts of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some of them, for Moneys contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities transferrable in the Books of the said Governor and Company, or for other Moneys payable there in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, have, by Casualty or Mischance, been lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; which

Exchc

The Moneys arisen by the said Do'ies since 5 Jan. lafr, or that shall iitrcjlrer anse tlieieby, to be carried into and made Part of tilt sinlc irgfund; and to be issued accordingly.

Cliuf" of Relief for ex ch qwer Rill', i.orrery ( Ticke'p, Certificates, C

Annuity Orders, c.

lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 10. 591

i Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders of the respective Denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear, by Affidavit, to be made before any or either of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being (who shall interrogate the Deponent thereupon) to the Satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer Pills, or any such Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders as aforesaid, before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, have been, are, or shall be lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or that there be good Reason to believe the same have been burnt, lost, or otherwise destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue or make forth such Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, or to pay or discharge the same, or to issue any Moneys due or payable thereupon, upon producing a Certificate from any or either of the said Barons, of such Affidavit made before him or them (which Affidavit the said Barons, or any or either of them, is and are hereby authorised to take; and which Certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make and grant, without Fee or Reward); and on Security given to the find respective Officers and Persons to their good Liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning the Moneys specified in or due upon inch respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or Tickets,

Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, Order or Orders, they the said Persons respectively shall, and are hereby required, to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay, satisfy, and discharge the same, and all such Interest as is or shall be due on any of them carrying Interest, or to make for.h Stock or transferrable Annuities in lieu of such Receipts, as he or they should have paid, fati fied, or discharged, or made forth on the said original Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money, in their respective Accounts; and in all Cases where the Signing of the commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord high treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be necessary for making the said Duplicates, or any of them, eft edtual for the Purposts aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to sign such Duplicates accordingly.

CAP. X

An Act for raising by Annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of twelve millions, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and also the Moneys arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an act of this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your majesty's public Expenses, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of twelve millions, to be raised by Annuities, in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for or towards raising the said Sum of twelve millions, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the several Persons, Natives' or Foreigners, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, in pursuance of the refolu tion of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed and agreed to contribute to the Payment of the said Sum of twelve millions, and who have, in pursuance of the said Resolution, deposited with or paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, the Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, in part of the Sums by them subscribed respectively, to advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, who is and are hereby appointed the Receiver or Receivers of such Contributi ns (without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf) the Remainder of the several Sums so subscribed, at or before the respective Days or Times, and in the Proportions, in this Act limited in that Behalf.

II. And whereas it is intended that every Contributor to the said twelve millions shall, for every

one hundred Pounds contributed, be entitled to an Annuity, transferrable at the Bank of England, ' after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for nineteen Years, and then to stand reduced to three Pounds percent: 771 per Amunn, redeemable byjparliament. ancj ajf0 to an Annuity, transferrable at the Bank of England, of one Pound per Centum per Annum, to continue irredeemable for C a certain Term of ninety-eight Years, and then to cease; and that every such Contributor shall, ' for every Sum of eighty Pounds per Centum paid in to the Cashiers of the Bank of England, upon account of his Share in the said Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per a?inu7n,

be entitled to one hundred Pounds Capital in the said Stock of four Pounds per Cetitutn Annuities;

[Preamble.]

The Sum of

12, 00c, coo], granted

to be raised by Annuities.

natives or Foreigners, who, in pursuance of a Resolution of the Commons, have subscribed towards the said Sum,

and have deposited 15 1. percent, in Part of their Subscriptions,

may pay the Remainder, at the Days, and in the Proportions, following;

C io.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

viz. in respi£t of ilia Sum of 9, 60c, cool, the further Sum ol 10 1. by 1 o Fu'u.

10 1. by 23 March.

101. by 21 April, jo 1. by 26 May, jo 1. by 23 June,

j 3 1. by is August, jo I. by 17 Sept.

nd tyre remaining 10 1. by 20 t.

And in respeeb of the Sum ot 2, 400, 000 1. the further Sum of 25 1. by 10 March,

50 1. by j2 May,

3c 1. by 21 July,

Subscribers, for every So 1. advanced towards the said Sum or" 9, 600, 000 1. are inti tled to 100 I. Capital, and an Annuity thereupon or 4 1. percent. for 19 Years; and alter the Expiration of that Term, to 3 1. percent. to commence on 5 Jan. 1762

And for every 20 1. advanced towards the said Sum of 2, 400, 0001, are intitled to an Annuity of 1 1. for 9s Years, to commence on 5 Jan. 1762.

Annuities to be paid halt yearly, viz. on 3 July, and 5 Jan.

Subscribers paying in the Whole of their sub criptions towards the said Sum of 9, (00, 000 1. by j8 Sept.

and towards tyre said Sum of 2, 400, 0001. by j3 May 1762, are entitled to an Interest ot 3 1. percent, from the Times of complete ing their Payments to 20 061. tn respedb of the said Sum of 9, 600, 0001. and to 21 July, in respect of the fa: d Sum ot 2, 400,000l.

Annuities transferable at the Dank.

Cashiefs to give re c'ipts for the Sums paid in;

in part of the Sums by them severally subscribed, as a Security for their making their future Payments, shall make the same accordingly, at or before the respectivetimes or Days, and in the Proportions, hen in after limited and appointed on that Behalf; that is to say, In respect of their proportionable Share of the Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Pounds, to be attended with the said four Pounds per Centum Annuities for nineteen Years, and afterwards to be reduced to three Pounds per Centum Annuities as aforesaid, the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, being Part of the said Sum so remaining, on or before the tenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-third Day of March then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds pemcentum, other Part thereof, on or tefore the twenty full Day of April then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum., other Part thereof, on or before the twenty sixth Day of May then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-third Day of June' then next following; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the eighteenth Day of Aul iffi then next following; the further Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the seventeenth Day of September then next following; and the remaining Sum of ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the twentieth Day of October then next following: And in respect of their proportionable Share of the Sum of two millions four hundred thousand Pounds, to be attended with the Annuity of one Pound per Centum for ninety-eight Years, the further Sum of twenty-five Pounds per Centum, being Part of the Sum so remaining, on or before the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; the further Sum of thirty Pounds per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twelfth Day of May then next following; and the remaining Sum of thirty Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty first Day of July then next following.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns, shall be entitled for and upon every Sum of eighty Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid towards the said Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Pounds, to one hundred Pounds Capital Stock at the Bank of England, and to an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, during the Term of nineteen Years; and after the Expiration thereof, to an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and no more, for and upon everyone hundred Pounds of such Capital Siock; which said Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Tcim of nineteen Years, there shall be paid, instead and in lieu of such Annuity, an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and no more: And that the said several Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, Avail also be entitled, for and upon every Sum of of twenty Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid towards the said Sum of two millions four hundred thousand Pounds, to an Annuity after the Rate of one Pound for a certain Term of ninety-eight Years; which said Annuity of one Pound shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of January one ^loufand seven hundred and sixty two; and the said respective Annuities shall be paid by half yearly Payments, in even and equal Portions, on the fifth Day of July, and the fifth Day of January, in each Year.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns respectively, paying in the Whole of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Sounds, on or before the eighteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; or paying in the Whole of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of two millions four hundred thousand Pounds, on or before the thirteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; shall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of the Sum so compleating their Contribution, on or before the said eighteenth Day of September, or the said thirteenth Day of May, respectively, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount unto, from the Day of compleating such Contribution to the twentieth Day of October then next following, in respect of the Moneys paid towards the said Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Pounds; and unto the twenty first Day of July then next following, in respect of the Moneys paid towards the said Sum of two millions four hundred thousand Pounds; such Allowances respectively to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Moneys contributed towards the said Sum of twelve millions, as soon as such respective Subscribers or Contributors, their Executors, ad ministrators, successors, and Assigns shall have completed such Payments.

V and be it further enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid shall be transferrable at the Bank of England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive, any Part of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of twelve millions, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums; and that the Receipts to be given shall be

assignable

A.D. 1jgi. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 10. 593

assignable by Endorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the fifth Day of December one thou the same made assignable land seven hundred and sixty two, and no longer. before 5 Dec. 1762.

VII. Provided always, That such Cashier orcafhiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any Cashiers to give Security: three or more or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being,

for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the public Use, all the Moneys which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from Time to Time, of and for the Laid Sum of twelve millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in them reposed; and shall, from Time to Time, pay all such Moneys as soon as lie or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards Moneys to be paid oer at the far the ft, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, bytheinint° the exchc dedutting such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act; for which<juer*

Sums so paid Allowance shall be made iq his or their Accounts.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for The njonics to be ap

three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to Plied, fy.lhe Treasury tc> ifl ue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt vote by

his majesty's Exchequer, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been

voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this present Session of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the acccmptantbotll\s be provided at General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Bookslhc B?", C for etltcnne shall be provide! and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered; which onln u'"' "anu»Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Sue to be inspected gratis. ceftors and Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to, and

inspect without any Fee or Charge; and that the said Accomptant General shall, on or before the Duplicate thereof to be fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly touted int the written on Paper of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Exchequer. C °*C majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contributors duly paying the Contributors duly paying whole Sum or Sums subscribed, at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, theu subscriptions, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, a; e titled to a propor and be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy their proportionable Share of the110." ?1 stiare "f thearw Annuities by this Act granted, in respect: of the Sum so subscribed, out of the Moneys appropriated nuitlfis»

by this Act for Payment thereof; and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein; subject nevertheless to Redemption as is herein after mentioned, concerning the said Annuities of three Pounds per Centum, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and that all the Annuities by this Act granted, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XI. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with, or but not making good shall hereafter pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Times and in their Payments within the Manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums. so by them respectively subscribed; oriim.lted' lt the respective Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, hall not advance and pay to the Laid have paid In*or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned; then, and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sum or Sums so fub

icribed as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to any Annuity whatsoever in respect thereof sir all be extinguished; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any Contributors, their Con'rlbutors complete executers, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall have com pleated their Payments of the whole |n°hthegrcb ajrncnt5?arc Sum payable by them respectively, towards the said Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand e°00kle0f the bank for Pounds, and two millions four hundred thousand Pounds, respectively; the principal Sum or Sums the Money so paid;

'so by them subscribed and paid respectively, shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of Inch respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, completing such Payments respectively; and the Persons to whose Credit such principal which may be trans sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall and fcrred> may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England and such Sums shall carry the respective Annuities herein before mentioned, and shall and made Stock of be raken and deemed to be Stock trunsferrable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat the several Annuities which by Annuities charged on this Act are granted and made payable, in respect of the Sum of twelve millions, until Redemptionthe Slnkins Fl, nd thereof by Parliament, in manner herein mentioned, "shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Moneys which Avail from Time to Time arise, and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and the said Surplusses, Excesses,

Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

XIV. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of all the Annuities established by this Act, Be it fur Bank to employ a chief there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the faiu governofand Company of the Bank of England, ca&kr, andacccmpt n: yox. VIII 4 G and

C 10.

Anno fecunao Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

General, for the pur p< fes of this Act.

with the Vouchers.

Annuities deemed a Personal Efrate.

Annuities with respect to the Paid Sum of 9, 6 o, oco I. are made cue Jrint Stock, transferable at the Bank, with those granted by the Act of 33 Geo. 2. r. 7.

2 Geo. 3. c. 9.

and their Successors, shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of the said Annuities, after the Rate cf four Pounds for every one hundred Pounds capital Stock, and until the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds for every such one hundred Pounds capital Stock, shall be redeemed, and until the said Annuities for the certain Term of ninety-eight Years shall be determined, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Person within their Office in the City of London, to be their chief or first Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be Treasury to issue Moneys their Accomptant General j and that so much of the Moneys by this Act appropriated for this pur upon Account, rcr Pay pose, as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time, to answer the said several and respective Annuities, ch cr' ^5' ?'n ter Payments herein directed to be made out of the said Moneys, shall, by Order of the commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time betng, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, and obtained, in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for the Time being, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities, payable who is to pay the same by virtue of this Act 3 and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Money shall from Time acco jin^ly, anj account to Time be issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render wath the exc.ieq aer. his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

a comptan: Ceneral to

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant gene examme all Receipt, and ral for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments phlm.yts.r..^u. c. ier' of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom cf London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to which any Person or Persons shall become in titled by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Pounds, on which the said Annuities of four Pounds, or of three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be attending, shall be added to, and made one Joint Stock of transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, with the Annuities granted by an Act made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second; and which by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging certain Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise defrayed; are charged upon and made payable out of the Sinking Fund; and also with such other four Pounds per Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, as shall, by any other Act of this present Session of Parliament, be charged upon, and made payable out of, the Sinking Fund; subject Subject to Redemption nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner, and upon such Notice, as in the said 1/ Parliament. Act made in the thirty third Year of his late Majesty's Reign is directed, with respect to the Redemption

of the Annuities thereby granted; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as. aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said joint Stock of Annuities.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accomptant General for the Time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Pounds, and two millions four hundred thousand Pounds respectively, shall, at all seasonable Times, be entered and registered; Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall he signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, in Writing, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of aligning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any rnterefl therein, shall be good or available in Law.

XVIII. Provided also, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in either of the said 1 t y the fiidstock, stocks of Annuities, or any Ellale or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will, in Writing,

/JC' ', Co y ' '3 attested by two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such De.., _ vise, till so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate, or Interest, in the said Stocks of

fr a dc.'fc, e^ccjtor "annuities, be entered in the said Office; and that, in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Arc entitled theicto. 'share, Estate, or Interest, in the said Stocks of Annuities, shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Tram cn to be without Successors and Assigns; that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of twelve millions, any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall ucccflarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonablcy and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as.

shall

Becks to be kept at the aco nptant general's Office for entering all Alignments and trans ters.

Method cf transferring.

Shares or Interest in

'I reasury impowerrd to di Jurge all incident Ch iges attending tl.e Exc ution of this Act;

and to settle the Allow

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 10.

595

shall be thought proper, for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for ances for though ftiers, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Contributions; and also shall have Power to make, and oner officersj out of the Sinking Fund, such further Allowances as shall be judged reasonable, for the Service, Pains, and Accom; t ntgcn? and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said ral;

Annuities, payable by virtue of this Act; and also for the Service, Pains and Labour, of the said the rare to be at, e Accomptant General, for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances c. of rh Onto

be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour, of any Officer or Officers of vemor and Company of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Com l')e Bank, pany, and at their Disposal only.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Go rank to continue .1 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemp poration. norwithfc.inotion of all or any of their own Fund, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or an y ' JT

of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, till all the Annuities payable in th^said annuities respect of the said Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Pounds, shall be redeemed by Parlia be redeemed and determent as aforesaid, and until the said Annuities, attending the said Sum of two millions four hundred mined, thousand Pounds, for the said Term of ninety-eight Years, shall be determined; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any disabili ty, for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution mo No Fee to taicen y nies, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys demanded for receiving for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum great or small ^mooies; otpayinc, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon pain that any Offender, or Person offending, by taking c. the several Annul or demanding any such Fee or Reward, or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the ties, con Penalty of Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Infor 201

mation, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, and Costs of Suit.

Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXII. And whereas by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, and on Li rfr, tz] of Claure in Act cenca for retailing the same, and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail s^the said Liquors; Rates and Duties were laid upon Spirituous Liquors: And whereas byquors ' u " '

another at made in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising, by Annuities and a Lottery in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, at threel° "era 16 Geo.

Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year one thousand fven hundred and forty-three, 2' C the said Rates and Duties upon Spirituous Liquors were charged with, and made subject and liable to, the Payment of the Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrableat the Bank of England, which by the said Act were granted, in respect of the principal Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties; and the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, after satisfying, or reserving Money sufficient to satisfy, the said several and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, was by the said Act reserved for the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on Spiritu spn huons Liquors of 17 ous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for explaining and amending the Geo. 2' C. 7' said Act in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies; the said Surplus or Remainder was charged with, and made subject and liable to, the Payment of an annu ty or yearly Sum of thirty thousand Pounds to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas by another Act made in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million lottery a£lof 17 Get. eight hundred thousand Pounds at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year one" cl' "thousand seven hundred and forty four, the said Surplus or Remainder, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, the said Annuity or yearly Payment of thirty thousand Pounds, wras charged with, and made subject and liable to, the Payment of the Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which by the said Act were granted, in respect of the principal Sum oi one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, advanced upon the Credit of the said Surplus or Remainder; and the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, after satisfying, or reserving Money sufficient to satisfy, alb the said several or respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, was, by the said last mentioned Act, reserved for the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and gkss and spiwtuour L Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of iaoney by Annuities, 1uors ft j9 Geo -- and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating same Doubts about making outc' i2,

Orders at the Exchequer for the Moneys advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; certain Rates and Duties were laid upon Glass and upon Spirituous Liquors, and the said Rates and Duties were by the said Act charged with, and made subject and liable to, the Payment of the Annuities transferrable at the Bank of

Spirituous Liqjors of24 Geo. 2. c. 40.

Annuity act of 25 Geo. 2. o. 27.

Spirituous Liquors of 33 Geo. 2. o. 9.

Surplus of the Moneys lrifing by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by the recited Acts of 24 and 33 Geo. 2. after paying the Annuity of 30, 0001. to the India Company; and 45, oocl. for Annuities lor Lives payable at the

596 C. 10. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

England, which by the said Act were granted in respect of the principal Sum of three millions,

advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties; and were also charged with, and made subject and liable to, the Payment of the yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds, for answer ing and paying the Annuities for Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by the said Act; and the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, after satisfying or reserv ing Money sufficient to satisfy all the said several and respective Annuities, was by the said Act referred for the Disposition of Parliament. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upen Spi rituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the Janie; and for repealing the Act of the twentieth Year of his present majeslf s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty to be paid by Distillers upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors 3 and for the more ejf(finally refraining the retailing of disliiled Spirituous Liquors; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British made Spirits; and that the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in the County of Middlesex, fall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise; additional Rates and Duties were laid upon Spirituous Liquors, and the said Rates and Duties were, by the said Act made subject and liable to the same Uses and Purposes as the then fubfifing Duties on Spirituous Liquors were at that Time liable and appropriated unto: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year ofh ssaid late majesty's Regin, intituled, An Act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned into several 'Joint Stocks cf Annuities, transferable at the Bank England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, and also for confcli dating the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of allunities, transferrable at the South Sea House; all the said several and respective Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, herein before mentioned to have been charged upon any of the several Rates and Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, were, from the Time in the said Act mentioned, charged upon, and directed to be paid out of, the Sinking Fund; and such of the said Rates and Duties upon Spiritu ous Liquors as had been granted and appropriated by the several and respective Adds, in the said last mentioned Add before recited; that is to say, By the Adds which have been herein before mentioned to have been made in the sixteenth, seventeenth, and nineteenth Years of his said late majesty's Reign, for Payment of the said several and respective Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, as aforesaid, were directed to be carried to, and made Part of, the said Sinking Fund, after reserving

to pay the Annuities for Lives at the Exchequer, and other Charges and Incumbrances charged on the said Rates and Duties: And whereas the Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors granted by the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, not being by the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, directed to be carried to,

and made Part of, the Sinking Fund, Fill remained subject and liable, in common with the former Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, to the Payment of such Charges and Incumbrances ori ginally charged upon the said Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, as had not been by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty transferred to the Sinking Fund; that is to say. To the Payment of the Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds to the east India Company; and also to the yearly Payment of fortyfive thousand Pounds, for answer ing and paying certain Annuities for Lives, payable at the Exchequer; and the Surplus of the said Rates and Duties granted by the Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, Fill remained, by virtue of the several Acts herein before recited, reserved for the Dispofi tion of Parliament: And whereas by an Act of the thirty third Year of the Reign of his said late majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying addi ticnal Duties thereon 3 for shortening the Prohibition of making Low jvines and Spirits from ivheat,

Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits 5 and for more cjfefiually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits; and preventing the fraudulent Relanding or Importation thereof; certain farther additional Rates and Duties were laid on Spirituous Liquors, and were, by the said Act, directed to be appropriated and applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the then fubfifing Duties on Spirituous Liquors were, at that Time applicable and appropriated unto 3 so that as well the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen or to arise from the said Rates and Duties upon Spirituous Liquors granted by the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late majesty, as from those granted by the said Act of the thirty third Year of his said late majesty, after satisfying the said Annuities or yearly Payments of thirty thousand Pounds, and fortyfive thousand Pounds, to the Payment of which all the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by the several Acts herein before mentioned,

Sand in the lirf Place Table and appropriated, do, by virtue of the said several Adds, Sand reserved for the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the Annuities payable by virtue of this Act in respect of the Sum of twelve millions, are hereby charged upon, and directed to be paid out cf, the Sinking Fund; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, "1 hat from and after the fifth Day of jaunary one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys which Flail, from i ime totime, arise by the said Rates and Duties upon Spirituous Liquors granted by the said Acts of the twenty-fourth and thirty tivrd Years of his said late majesty's Reign, after paying or reserving, from Time to Time at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, Money sufficient to f: t tisfy and pay the said Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, payable as aforesaid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the east hulics, ami also the said yearly Payment of fortyfive thousand Pounds for answering the said Annuities for Lives, payable at the Exchequer, shall be

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 11 — 24. 597

carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund, towards making good the Interest or Annuities Exchequer, to be carried charged by this Act on the said Fund. into the Sinking Fund.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys which shall, from Moneys arising in die Time to Time, arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the additional Exchequer by ihe addi rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by an Act of this present Session oftional duties on Spiri parliament, intituled, An Act for more cjj equally preventing the excejfivevfe of Spirituous Liquors forh^st/n'on home Consumption, by luying additional Duties upon Spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the be carried into the same; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for securing Sinking Fund.

the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; be also carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund, towards making good the Interest or Annuities charged by this Act on the said Fund.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in General Niue. Evidence, in his or their Defence or Defences: And if afterwards a Verdidd shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Addions,

or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise,

[Treble Costs.]

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Colds awarded to him, her or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on shore. Refer to i Geo. 3. c. 8.

and see Geo. 3. c. 8.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fixiy tvjo.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale, for better securing the Revenue upon Strong.

Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as extends certain jprovi fionc relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the re landing of Beer, Ale,

Cyder, and Mum, shipped for Exportation as Merchandise.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Brewers, innkeepers, Vidduallers, or other Retailers of Strong Beer or Ale,

have been threatened with, and may be subject to, vexatious Prosecutions for advancing, or having advanced, the Price of Strong Beer or Ale, however justly and reasonably: Now, in order to prevent such vexatious Proceedings, may it please your mould Excellent Majesty, that it may. be

enacted And be it therefore enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That no Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler, or other Retailer The Pfice of Strong Beer

of Strong Beer or Ale, shall, at any Time hereafter, be sued, impleaded, or molested by Indictment, a" d a'e

Information, popular Aidion, or otherwise, for advancing, or having advanced, the Price of Strong subjecti^e the^v«ndaw'

Beer or Ale in a reasonable Degree; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Prosecution

And whereas the mixing Strong Beer, Ale, or Strong Worts, with Small Beer or Small Worts, or with Water, either by the Brewer, after the Gauge thereof hath been taken, or by the

Victualler, after such Strong Beer, Ale, or strongworts, shall be sold and delivered to him or her,

is greatly detrimental to his Majesty's Revenue, and is an Imposition upon the Consumer, and

hinders the Sale of genuine Strong Beer and Ale; and the Provisions already established bylaw

found to be inefficient to prevent the same For Remedy thereof, and for the more eftedduaf

Prevention of such Frauds; Be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after 501. Penalty on frauds the passing of this Act, if any common or other Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Retailer of Beerlenrly mixing Strong or Ale, shall mix, or cause or fuft er to be mixed, in any Vessel, Tub, Measure, or otherwise how i5"' A, vtor Strong Lever, ang Strong Beer, a!e, or strongworts, with any Small Beer or Small Worts, or with Water, er*

after the Gauge of such Strong Beer, Ale, or strongworts, shall have been taken by an Officer ol Excise, every such Person so offending, for every such Offence, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III

598

Recital of Clause in Act 1 Geo. 3. c. 7.

The recited Clause repealed.

Provision in Act 1 Will. & Mary, btff. 1. C zz.

All Beer, Ale, Cyder, ?nd Mum, which shall be re landed, caster being hipped (or Exportation, is to be forfeited, with 501. for every c«/k the: eo(.

Recovery and Application of Penalties

General lilbe.

Treble colic.

14. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

III. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale;

and for raising the Sum of twelve millions by way of Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty j and for further encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; it was provided and en ailed, That all the Rules, Regulations, Directions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Mat ters and Things, which, by an Act made in the then last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive use of Spirituous Liquors by laying additional Duties thereon; for for toning the Prohibition of making Low I Vines and Spirits from ivheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran \ for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, and for more effectually securing the Duties Payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent re landing or Importation thereof)

were provided, settled, established, and infliited, for and in respect to the paying and allowing the Drawback and Bounty thereby granted upon Spirits exported as Merchandise, and for preventing, deteiting, and punishing Frauds and Abuses in the re landing the same, and all other Frauds and Abuses previous to the Shipping, or relating to the Exportation of such Spirits, and the obtaining such Drawback and Bounty, not otherwise thereby altered, should, except such Parts as relate to the Size of the Casks, and Burden of the Ships or vessels, be exercised, practised, applied, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for paying and allowing the Drawback and Bounty thereby granted upon Beer and Ale, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds and Abuses in the Relanding such Beer or Ale, and all other Frauds and Abuses previous to the Shipping, or relating to the Exportation thereof, and the obtaining of the said Drawback and Bounty, as fully and effec tually, io JJ Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Directions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses Matters, and Things were particularly repeated, and again re enacted, in the Body of the said recited Act: And whereas it is found by Experience, that the like r iilcs, peg jj^uons and Directions, which are established for enforcing the due Exportation of Spirits, are not necessary to enforce the due Exportation of Strong Beer or Ale, but are found to be inconvenient Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Clause, and every Article, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall he and are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

IV. And whereas the Provision established by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, Cyder and Mum; for preventing the re landing the said Liquors sipped in any Vessel for Exportation, as Merchandise; extends only to the re landing such Liquors within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of jvalcs, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas it is necessary that the said Provision should be amended and enforced, and extended to all Parts of Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, if any Merchant or Master of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person, shall cause or fufter any of the said Liquors, which shall be hipped for Exportation as Merchandise, to be unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within the Kingdom of Great Britain, he, he, or they hall forfeit the same, together with the Casks and Package containing the same, and also the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Cask of such respective Liquor he, she, or they shall so unduly unship, unlade, or lay on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel which said respective Liquors so unduly unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of thecufloms or Excise.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, hall be filed for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by such "Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or maybe recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or other Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Fleirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who hall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

VI. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if. any Person or Persons shall be sued, molelted, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Pei soils shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards avcrdidt shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise; such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 15.

599

El. C 5. 3 Jtic. 1. C

12. 30 Car. 2. C g.

9 Geo. 2. c. 33. 2 igco, 2. C

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to For former Laws concem reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protest and encourage Fisher 5* men.

10 & 11 IF. 3. C 24 25.^Ann. C 15. 12. 4 {s' 5 ytfw. C 21. g Ann. C z6. ( Coo. i. C is. 2 Geo. 2. C lg.

24. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 29 Gw. 2. C 23 (Sr 39. 30 Gw. 2. C 21 & 30. 33 2. <. 27.

WHEREAS the better supplying the Cities of London and ivrjbninster with Fish, and en preamble.

W couraging Fishermen and others to employ themselves in fishing on the seaco«fls, and in the navigable Rivers, o f Great Britain will tend to reduce the present exorbitant Price of Fish

£ it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; ' be it enacted by the King's most Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and General Licence to any Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and fcrfon>tho not a Flfh* after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person, although not brought up in the Trade Sea coa^or*

of a Fishmonger, to buy (subject to and under the Restrictions herein after contained) at any Market, River, c.

seacoalt, Creek, Port, Haven, Bank of any River, or Place, in Great Britain, any Fish in Season, ar.y r '. fh in seacon, and which shall not be unfizeable, or under the Dimensions the same respectively, by the Laws now inllze?ble5 force, are allowed to be sent to the City of London, paying the usual and accustomed Dues at the Places where any such Fish shall be so purchased; afterwards to sell again all such Fish in pub p.jrchafej and to sell lick or fixed Shops, Stall --, or Houses in any other Market in Great Britain, where Fish or Flesh are the same again in any or usually have been sold, in manner by this Act prescribed, paying only the usual Stallage or Market cish orfidh Market, Dues paid at every such Market, without incurring any Penalty or Forfeiture; any Law, Statute, the usualmarkec Custom, orufage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding" " '

Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein Covent Garden Market, before contained shall extend, or be construed or taken to extend, to permit, empower, or authorise ard the Prcc, n<as there any Person or Persons to sell, or expose to or for Sale, any Fish in Covent Garden Market, or in any of01' excefu

the Precincts thereof, in the County of Middlesex.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fish allowed to be bought assuchfish not tobere aforesaid, shall be sold again by the first Purchaser thereof, or any of his or her Agents or Servants, sold by the flirt Pur. before such Fish shall have been conveyed by Land Carriage, or otherwise, to the Cities of London or^f' before th "rame Westminster, or such other Places in Great Britain, as the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall^or" think fit, from Time to Time, to consign the same to; under pain that every one who shall offend to where consigned, '

in the premiltes shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be reco under Penalty of 201. vered and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Fish, allowed to be pur ami to be conveyed to the chased as aforesaid, shall be permitted to be, from Time to Time, sent and conveyed to the Place or ph«s consigned^wuh places to which the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall think fit to consign the same, without being stopfe^an^exposed to subject or liable to be stopped in any City, Market Town or Place, in order to be sold or exposed to Sale on the Way.

Sale there, under pretence of any Custom or Usage whatsoever.

V. And, for the more expeditious Conveyance of Fish by Land Carriage, be it also enacted by the <-arr ase? emp!°yed in Authority aforesaid, That every Carriage which shall be used for the Conveyance of such Fish as p^n^jyce aret0 catry aforesaid, shall only carry Fish, allowed to be bought as aforesaid, therein, with the necessary Package

and Implements which shall belong to such Carriage; and shall be marked on the Outside Fish Machine and to be marked on the

- j 7 -j — -- o- - -7 - lauuing wai rvj y

hereby required to receive every such respective Entry, and to cause the same to be registered in the Coaches, paying is. for said Office; and afterwards the respective Number of ev ry such respective Carriage shall be marked the regilfcring; on some conspicuous Part of the Outside thereof, in large Figures, painted, or eke shall be put on "of^os'1' n Pe" Lead or other Metal, and shall be fixed in the Front, or on one of the Shafts, or same other county ° 40s' fpicuous Part of every such respective Carriage; and that no Fish Carriage shall be deemed or taken and are not liable to be to be a Common Stage Wagon, Wain, or Cart: And if any one shall neglect to comply with and sta&s

pe form what is herein before directed, touching the marking, registering, numbering, and keeping 'iet>ons' 'c' the Number of every such respective Carriage on some Part thereof, and shall be convicted of any such Neglect, in manner herein after mentioned, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Neglect, the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied, recovered, and applied as herein after is. directed. 1

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Fish Carriage num they/full be permitted bmed and marked as aforesaid shall be permitted to travel, pass, or be drawn on any Turnpike Road, 5° 'ravel with Hcrfes by any Number of Horses in Pairs not exceeding four, ct by any single Horse, or by any Number of ^, hotfcs'in'length^5 Horses at Length not exceeding three, although the Fellies of the wheels of any such fishcarriage tho'w; thnarrowwheels> shall not be of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side; and that every such. Fish and shall only pay the Carriage shall only pay the like Toll, at every turnpike gate or Bar through which every such Fish like Toll* portchaifwj Carriage shall pass, as Poll Chaises, or other Chaises, drawn by a like Number of Horses, or by a traw^u' single Horse, by the Laws now in force, are subject and liable to pay there. um er or j1

VII.

6oo

C 15.

Anno fecimdo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

VII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Fish Carriage as afore

and shall be alwed to -

travel on Sundays and said shall be allowed to travel, pass, and be drawn on Sundays and Holy days, on any Road, whether

Ilolydnys;

as shall also the returned Horses of such Carriages;

laden or returning empty; and that the Horse or Horses which shall return from drawing any such '.Fish Carriage, although rode on by any Driver of any such Fish Carriage, or drawing back any empty Fish Carriage, shall also be allowed to pass on Sundays and Holy days on any Road, without any Driver of any such Fish Carriage, or the Rider on any such Horse as aforesaid, incurring any Penalty for so travelling therewith, and neither Carriages or

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no loll shall at any k°rfts, n returningemp Time be paj j for any such Fish Carriage returning without Fish, or for any Horse or Korfes which Toil; 3*1*U C tu ?ily shall draw the same back empty, for passing on any Turnpike Road, or through any turnpike gate or Bar, or for any Horse or Horses returning from drawing any such Fish Carriage laden as aforesaid, although such Horse or Horses, or any of them, shall be rode on by any Driver cf any such Fish Carriage, and although such Horse or Horses shall not draw back any such empty Fish Carriage.

and if any Game, or

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall put any Game, aether Th nu tefid's Fish, or any other Thing except Fish as aforesaid, and the Baskets and other necessary Package in which r^ewvmh^carri^'e6" fbe same be Packed, and the necessary Implements of every such Fish Carriage, into any such be put therein forco^n Fish Carriage to be conveyed thereby; every Person, other than the Driver of any such Fish Carriage, who shall so put any Game, or other Thing than Fish, and the Baskets and other necessary Package and Implements as aforesaid, into any such Fish Carriage, and to be thereby conveyed, shall, on being convihed thereof in manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein after specified: if the Driver of any such Fish Carriage shall take up, or suffer any Passenger, Game, or other Thing take up, orfuflerany except Fish, and the Baskets and other necessary Package and Implements as aforesaid, to be at any Thingfu) carried r Time carried or conveyed in or by any such Fish Carriage; every Driver of every such Fish Carriage, who shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned: And if, on the Conviction of any Driver of any such Fish Car

\eyunce, the Person put ting in the same shall forfeit 5 1.

and if the Driver shall take up, orfuflerany

therein, he a12ii forfeit 40 f.

and on nonpayment,

ilia 1 be committed, and rjaoe9 the Sum forfeited shall not be forthwith paid, thejuffice cr justices before whom any such intimcnot exceeding driver of any such Fish Carriage shall be convicted, shall, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or northeast Month. ° their Hands and Seals, commit every such Driver of any such Fish Carriage, who shall be so as aforesaid

convicted, to the House of Correction of the County, City, or Place in which the Offence for which any such Driver was convicted, or where any such Driver shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, as any Justice or Justices shall order, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid.

If Bulk shall be broke of X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or any other Person*; who shall have the Care or conduct of any such Fish Carriage as aforesaid, which after the passing

Market Sec. beforebe this Act shall be loaded with Fish as aforesaid, and consigned for the Supply of the Cities of London ing brought within the or Westminster, shall break Bulk before the same shall have been brought within the Weekly Bills of Biilsof Mortality, or Mortality, or sell, or expose to Sale, any of the Fish which shall be loaded in any such Fish Carriage, Sale made of the hiih i.e. before the same shall have been brought to the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Weekly the^rlidvitrkcts^he1 ^ls of Mortality, and exposed there to or for Sale in manner herein after directed, he, he, or they, ottender shallfoiicitiol. who shall so offend in the Premises, shall, on being thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

XI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Fish as aforesaid which shall be f'mthwah foitrf1nnjex brought by Land Carriage to the Cities of London or ifijimhifler, or to any other Place within the posed to Sale in Yome Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, with all convenient Speed after the same shall be so brought there, publ ck Market the be sorted, and the next Morning at farthest after the same shall be so brought there, shall be openly and publickly offered and exposed to Sale in some public Market or Markets within the Weekly Bills of Mortality (except such next Day shall happen to be a Sunday, and in such Case, then on ard until such Fish is fomonday Morning next following) and that, until such Fish as aforesaid shall be so exposed to Sale in hto be sold by Rttait fmc public Market or Markets as aforesaid, no Part thereof shall be sold, or offered to or for Sale, on Penalty cr 101.'by Retail; upon pain that every Person who shall offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof con

vidli d in manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein after mentioned. t >1 fu hc C 'u r i a pc s" m'a *

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall he construed he sold onsunlys.*to prohibit the selling any Mackrell, 'which shall be brought by any such Fish Carriage as aforesaid, before or after Divine Service 0: 1 a Sunday.

£l!contn<th made for

XIII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts made by or with aavlobflc^s, Yre vacated an Person or Bcrfons for any Fish, except Salmon and Lobsters, from and after the first Day of May after mjy'1762, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be and are hereby declared to be void, so far as the the Parties discharged same fikill relate to, or be intended to take effect at any "lime subsequent to, the said first Day of from the Penalties ot May one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and the Party and Parties to every such Contract and p^rfiwu^ntrafliiic nn Contracts is and are hereby respectively discharged from all Penalties and Forfeitures he or they after t'hc salt time for may incur byjcafon of the nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts: And if, from and

buying up Fish, other than Salmon and Lob-

- V - V ' II. — V

before

next Morning, Sundays excepted

r after the Paid first Day olmay orc thousand seven hundred and sixty two, any Person or Persons shall >- into or make any Contrail or Contracts for buying up any Fish, except Salmon and Lobflers,

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 15.

6ot

before the same shall be first: brought to an open Market, or some usual pi.ice for the Sale of Fish, !|cr, V befirolv

and before the same shall be there exposed in the ordinary Manner, and for the usual Time Fish shall ^vdi ket, and duly ex

be there exposed for public Sale, every such Contrail: and Contrails is and are hereby declared topo; 'ed to sale there,

be absolutely void, and every Party thereto shall forfeit and pay, for every such Contrail which he

or fhc shall be a Party to, or concerned in, on being convicted thereof in manner herein after men forfeit 501, and the Con

tioned, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in manner herein after tract is declared vcid:

mentioned.

XIV. Provided always, and be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said And after 1 May 1762, Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no Contrail or Agreement which shall be tlm°^traand l°wjrs1^1 made or entered into for the buying of any Salmon or Lobflers which, shall be taken in any River, hall be in force longer orin any of the Seas, or on any of the Sea Coasts of Great Britain, shall be or continue in force for than 1 Year;

any longer Time than for one Year, to be computed from the Date of every such respective con trail or Agreement which shall be entered into in Writing; and if not entered into in Writing, then ^ith reaft:

only for one Year, to be computed from the Time of the making or entering into every such Parol to any Parol Contracts. Contrail or Agreement respectively.

XV. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall, atpar7ovmay employ or any Time after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, employ or be be employed in buying at employed by any other Person or Persons in buying, or to buy, in or at any Market in the City of the Markets of London London, or in the City of Westminster, or elsewhere within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any fishorweftm!nfter»&c Flftl which shall be brought there to be sold, to be divided by Lots or in Shares amongst any Fishmongers b^afterwards^div^ded' l or other Persons, in order to be afterwards put to Sale again, or sold by Retail; nor shall any fish amongstf; am0ngers, oi monger, or other Person, at any Time after the said firfc Day of May one thousand seven hundred others, to be sold', and sixty two, buy in ally Market in London, or in the said City of Westminster, or elsewhere within nor may any Person buy the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any Fish, but what shall be for his own Sale or Use only; upon pain mh said Markets any that every Person who shall be convicted of any such Offence, in manner hereby directed, shall forfeit h s WU, i saleor use/ f and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence, to be levied, recovered, and applied in then Penalty of 201/ manner herein after directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Proprietor of Fish, orsalefman otliep any Salesman or Person intrusted or employed to sell any Fish in any public Market, shall refuse to Pe' le u pto/"ep>'

r, / n 11 a V /. r i 1 r u 7*r i tt, > i or enter into an Agree

fell, or mail enter into any Agreement or Confederacy not to iell, to or ror the Use of any particular ment not to fejj to orfor Person or Persons, any Fish which shall be brought or exposed to or for Sale at or in any such pub any particular person's lick Market; then, and in every such Case, every Person who shall so offend in the said pre u!e> any exposed to misses, and shall be thereof convicted in the Manner by this Act directed, shall, for every such saleatapul', lckmarketx Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manneron Penalty of sol hereby directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fish of any of the respective/^iu sorts % edfied ir Sorts herein after specified, which, after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and theaft, brought after r sixty two, shall be brought for Sale to the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Weekly May 1762, for Sale to Bills of Mortality, hall be openly and publicly exposed for Sale at the first: Hand; and shall be foldt}lc tendon Market, dull in no greater Number or Quantity of Fish in anyone Lot or Parcel, or by any greater Weight of r?of, fni v sold at the first Fish in any one Lot or Parcel, in Billingsgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of bil wcm ber'or

lingfgate Dock, or in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, than herein after is a Let than is prefcrfbed;

directed and prescribed touching the same respectively; that every Lot or Parcel of such Fish as

aforesaid, shall consist only of one Sort of Fish, and shall not be composed of two or more different3^e^yloretownhft C C t? ru r of one Sort or Fish only.

Sorts of Fish; is to say, 1

All fresh Salmon, Sturgeon, large fresh Cod, Skait, Pike, Turbot, Bret, Bril, Pearl, Kingston, thespecies of f)fvand Ling, and Dorys, by the single Fish; all Half fresh Cod, not exceeding two in any one Lot; a]] Number and Quantity Quarter fresh Cod, not exceeding four in any one Lot; all Mullets, Cole Fish, Salmon Trout, and fojedr<j° ayot at billingf other Trout, not exceeding two in any one Lot; all small Cod, not exceeding twenty-four in any gate, or other Markets, one Lot; in Billingsgate Adarket, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding e'ight in any one Lot

All small Pike, not exceeding six in any one Lot, in Billingsgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding four in any one Lot:

All large Haddock, not exceeding four in any one Lot, in Billingsgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding two in any one Lot:

All small Haddock, not exceeding twenty-four in any one Lot, in Billingsgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock; and, in any other market within the weeklybills of Mortality, not exceeding eight in any one Lot:

All Perch, above six Inches long from the Eye to the Fork of the Tail thereof, not exceeding twelve in any one Lot, in Billingsgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding eight in any one Lot:

All Carp, Gurnet, Tench, and Sea Bass, not exceeding six in any one Lot, in Billingsgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards oi Billingsgate Dock; and, ia any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding four in any one Lot:

C 15. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

All Thornbacks, not exceeding two in any one Lot, in bulingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of bulingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding one in any one Lot:

All large Soals, not exceeding four Pair in any one Lot, in bulingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of bulingfgate Dock and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding two Pair in any one Lot:

All small Soals, not exceeding eight Pair in any one Lot, in bulingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of bulingfgate Dock 3 and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding four Pair in any one Lot:

AH Mackrell, Whitings, Whiting Pouts, Plaice, Dabbs, Herrings, Pilchards, Garb Fish, Flounders and Majds, not exceeding sixty in any one Lot, in bulingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Y ards of bulingfgate Dock and, in any other Market within the W eekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding thirty in any one Lot:

All Smelts, not exceeding fifty-two in any one Lot, in bulingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of bulingfgate Dock 3 and, in any other Market within the Weekly bills of Mortality, not exceeding twenty six in any one Lot:

All Eels, not exceeding twenty Pounds Weight in any one Lot, in bulingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of bulingfgate Dock 3 and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding ten Pounds Weight in any one Lot, unless any singlefish shall exceed that Weight:

Ail large Lobfiers and Crabs, not exceeding, of either Sort, in any one Lot, twenty, in billingf gate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of bulingfgate Dock 3 and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding ten of either Sort in any one Lot

Ali small Lobfiers and Crabs, not exceeding, of either Sort, in any one Lot, forty, in bulingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of 3i!liugfg, <tcdock 5 and, in any other Market within the eekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding twenty of either Sort in any one Lot:

None of the said several Species of F: fh may be boughr or sold lf ine first Hand u: the fa: d Markets in a greater Number or Quantity in a Lot, than is prescribed,

Jtor more than one Sort of Fish in a Lor, be sold, or offered for Sale, on Penalty of 5 1.

but a smaller Member of ary of the said Fish, than a Lot ccr.filts of, if it contains more rhan one; and 'Jft> a lesser Weight of Eels than makes onp Lot, may be sold or ex pofid to Sale in the said Markets.

No Fish may be sold again, or exposed to Sale the fair.: Day, in the fain: Market where it was before sold, on Penalty cf 10l. but the Boyer may sell the fume, whilst sound; nd whole so.tie, in any other Place.

Before any Fish, to be sold at the (irfl Hand in any of th hud ma.ku, kscxpi td to say, an a xuunf of the Sorts, and Quantify of in

luge lc. ib echarafltis, is to be p of at the f.fh stanj,

tly ni m1 r of f'on d rs. Pi ice, l.'tios, tx cr C*;

an 1 at. f Mackrell,

M ith, Her; 1 jr i 1 j.(hards and if a, y o her 1- i'll of the Sc,: s u.c, tiunc'j ir, ic b.

Parcel, containing any greater Number of any Sort of Fish as aforesaid in any such Lot or Parcel, or any greater Weight of Eels in any Lot or Parcel, than is herein before directed and appointed to be sold in any one Lot or Parcel 3 or if any one filial fell, or offer for Sale, in any such Lot or Parcel, more than one Sort of any of the Fish herein before specified 3 he, she, or they, who shall so offend in the Premises, and be convicted of any such Offence in manner herein after mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein after directed.

XVIII. Provided always, That notwithstanding anything herein before contained, it shall be lawful for any Person. to expose to or for Sale, and to sell in bulingfgate Market, or in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any of the said herein before mentioned respective Sorts of Fish, where more than one is to be contained in any Lot as aforesaid, in any smaller Number; or any Eels by any lefier Weight than hereinbefore is prescribed for the selling, in any one Lor, any of the said respective Sorts of F ifih herein before specified.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall a second Time sell or expose to or for Sale in bulingfgate Market, or within the Space of one hundred and fifty Yards from bulingfgate Dock, or in any other Market in the City of Louden, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any Fish which, in the same Day, shall have been before sold in the same Market; but any Buyer of Fish in any of the said Markets may sell the same again, while sound and wholesome, in any other Place or Places whatsoever, any Law, Custom, orufage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 3 upon pain that every one who shall offend.in the Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in manner hereby prescribed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no Person shall sell, or expose to or for Sale, at the first Hand, in any Market in the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, any of the several Sorts of Fish herein before specified, before he, she, or they shall have, fronitime to Time, first placed or put up, in some conspicuous Manner, on or over the Form, Bench, Stall, or Place, at which he or she shall intend to offer or expose for Sale, or shall off er or expose for Sale any of such Fish in any such Market, a true Particular or Account, and in a large, fair, and legible Character, and either wrote or printed, distinguishing therein the several Species or Sorts of all such Fifii as aforesaid, and the Quantity of every Sort thereof respectively which he, she, or they shall then have, or have been entrusted with or employed to sell in any such Market, except as to the Number of Flounders, Plaice, Dabbs, Mackrell, Maids, Herrings and Pilchards, which shall be brought to any such Market for Sale: And if, at any Time of the Morning or Day in which any such Account shall have been so placed up, and before the Market of that Day shall be ern ed or over, any other Fish of the Species or Sorts herein before mentioned, except as before ex' C pted, shall be brought or fejit to any such Market as aforesaid to be sold, the Person who shall be employed

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

603

till

be f; IJ, or

employed or intruded to sell the same, before he or she shall sell, or offer or expose to or for Sale, all brought for sa'e, before or any of such other Fish, shall add a true Account or Particular thereof to the Account before putfhe 'viar|cet ot tt: e>da, V up, if he or she had before put up any such Account, and if not, shall put up such Account thereof ttthe acas

is herein before directed; and the Party or Parties hereby directed to put up such Account and count, before they are^x accounts as aforesaid, shall take care that every such Account and Accounts shall continue up, posed to Sale; and the where the same shall have been ffrfl placed, until all the Fish specified therein shall be sold, or the said Accounts are to be Market of the Day shall be over or ended, without being defaced or obliterated; upon pain that every ^7ttheupi; j^ni, cijc'<1' one who shall neglect to put up any such Account, or shall not continue up such Account as hereby the mar)fe(. t is directed, during the Time such Account ought to continue up, and shall be convicted in manner herein after prescribed of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the sumon Penalty of 5l. of five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in the Manner herein after mentioned; and that or if anyverson before every Person who shall be convicted, in manner herein after directed, of wilfully taking down, de ruh Timeiu'1 wl, roi, 3r facing, obliterating, or altering, or causing to be taken down, defaced, obliterated; or altered, any 'gr 'the^accounts' fc ml such Account hereby directed to be placed up as aforesaid, at any Time whilst the same, according to up' orcaufc the same ro the Intent of this Act, ought to continue up, shall for every such last mentioned Offence, forfeit and pay be done, he forfeits 40s. the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fisherman, Mariner, or nofitterman, caster

other Person, who shall be employed on Board any Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, Vessel. Boatthe Arrival of his Venn shall, after her Arrival from Fishing, wilfully destroy, or throw or caff away any Fish, which any rom F, h nf» may de' such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, Vessel, or Boat, shall have brought from Sea, or caught in any ofr^' jpftcar0t heinb un navigable River, that is not unwholesome, perished, or unmarketable, except Sprats, which shall uhoiefume, peritted, or remain unsold when the Market, to which the same shall be sent for Sale, shall be ended; and if any unmarketable, remaining such Fisherman, Mariner, or other Person, shall offend in the Premises, and be therefore convicted un!old after Market is in manner herein after prescribed, every such Fisherman, Mariner, or other Person, who shall be so 0vp5 lt convicted, shall be committed to the House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, in which rmtted^and0kep^totml any such Off ender shall be convicted or apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for labour for an) Time not any Time not exceeding two Months, nor iefsthan one Week, as the Justice or Justices, before whom exceeding Months, nor any such Offender shall be convicted, shall order. Jcls than 1 Week

XXII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this p.,

at, all and every the Person and Persons within the four Degrees or Descriptions herein after spe the Dc

eified, who shall be employed in the Fisheries of these Kingdoms, shall be freed and exempted from feriptions, employed in being impressed into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, other than and except in the the Fisheries of these Cases herein after excepted; that is to say, Sirs, every Matter who shall have the Care or Conduct Kingdoms, are exempted of any Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, Veiled, or Boat, which shall be employed in the Fishery on [h^king^s'service, VI any of the Sea Coaffs of Great Britain, or in any of the navigable Rivers within Great Britain, and ig, Matters of Fishing who, or some Owner of which Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, Vessel, or Boat, shall have, or within Vessels, who, either six Calendar Months before the applying for any Protection, as herein after is allowed, shall have themselves r their ow had, one or more Apprentice or Apprentices, under the Age of ffxtcen Years each, bound to him, or to ivs', hav, e'f01 w: tiyn 6 any such Owner as aforesaid, for a Term not less than five Years; and which Apprentice or ap for°avr0tca°ion, 3 than" 3 prentices, in pursuance of such Binding, actually shall be, or have been, in the Service of such have had, one or more Matter or Owner, in the Business of a Fisherman: Every such Apprentice, not exceed Apprentices, under 16 ing the Number of four Apprentices to every such Matter or Owner as aforesaid of any Fishing Ship, years of Age.' bound Fdr Sloop, Smack, or Vessel, of or above the Burden of thirty Tuns; and not exceeding the number^thebufinefs0ffiftm^ of two Apprentices to every such Matter or Owner as aforesaid, of any Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, 2dly, All such Appren vessel, or Boat, under the said Burden of thirty Tuns, during the Time every such respective ap tice s, not exceeding to prentice as aforesaid shall continue as an Apprentice in the actual Service, of such his Matter only, ev£ry ^ia.fler or Owner or of his Representatives or Assigns, in thebulinefsof a Fisherman, and in no other Service, and until ^u^sflgl'"tb^e^elrofu3)° the respective Age of twenty Years of every such Apprentice who shall so long continue in the Fish wards. and a'to every ing Trade: Thirdly, One Mariner, besides the Matter and his Apprentice or Apprentices as afore vessel under 30 Tuns; said, who shall be employed to navigate or fish, in any Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Vessel, ofduring the Time f their the Burden of ten Tuns or upwards, on any Parts of the Sea Coasts of Great Britain, during the

Time such Mariner shall continue and be so actually and truly employed in the said Fishing Service: c^m?inuin° ford'e

And, fourthly, any Land man who shall enter on Board any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, or Time in thebufiness of Vessel, of the Burden of ten Tuns or upwards, and be actually employed in navigating or fishing therein Sitting only; dly, one

may then be engaged in, and if he shall continue and be so long really and truly employed in such Service, wards, employed on the

Sea Coast, during his Continuance in such Service. 4thly, Any Land man entering, and employed on Board such Vessel, for 2 Years from his first going to Sea, and to the End of the Voyage then engaged in, if he so long continue in such Service.

XXIII. And to secure to the several Persons hereinbefore described, the Benefit intended for them pjla^av, t be, p.s. de respectively by this Act, and to punish the Persons who shall act contrary to the true Intent and jald b^foie the^admiral* Meaning hereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on an Affidavit sworn before ty, that the Persons some Justice or Justices of the Peace, making out that the Person or Persons named and described in therein named and de such Affidavit come, or is or are within some or one of the Descriptions herein before specified, and fcnbed> c°me withm inserting therein the Tunnage of every such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, Vessel, or Boat, and thedetrttiions^rivfcrting2 Port or Place to which she belongs, and the Name and Description of every such Matter, and the the Tunnage of the Vtf age of every such Apprentice, and the Teipn for which every such Apprentice shall be bound, and

604 C 15. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

fei, ani Port (he belongs the Date of his Indenture, and the Name, Age, and Description, of every such Mariner and land to; the Nan and De man respectively, and the Time of every such Land man first going to Sea, being offered to the Lord lcriptson of the miil r; High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral A renrice°' and term Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or left at the Office of Admiralty, he^bound for, ich the the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, is and are Dare of his indenture; hereby directed and required, with all convenient Speed after every such Affidavit shall be tendered End the Name, Age, and to him or them, or left at the Admiralty Office (unless he or they hall have reasonable Cause to fuf descript: or cf every such the Truth of any such Affidavit, and in every such Case he and they is and are hereby directed to

vf: 1 j Pect tnc - ruttl °* any luen Affidavit, and in every inch Laic northeast and they is 2nd are hereby directed to

Inquiry to be made into the Truth of the Matters contained in every such Affidavit) from Land man firfr going to Time to Time, to grant a separate Protection to everjr such Person as aforesaid respectively, during

.., {, producing the Protection which shall have been granted to him in pursuan^ u u.u mv.

Casethey are directed to mans Officer, who shall have in his Custody, or under his Care, any such impress ed Person as inquire into) gramme, with aforesaid, be forthwith discharged and released by such commanding Officer, out any Fee, a separate Protection to every such Person; on producing whereof, they are to be forthwith released, if irfiprcfied.

Perl onihah be impressed,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, during the Continuance

except in the Case of In of any Protection which shall be granted under this Act, any Person who shall be thereby protected vafion, orimminantdan shall be impressed to serve his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, other than and except in the case

- U and/tf 1\ J Art it AT" o IT f /*.*t7 1 T. c 1 i*1 1 /* 1

some Order or to the 'ime being;

Ihai not examine, or shall and on producing the Protection which hall have been so granted to him, to the commanding Officer

the commanding Officer the Party entitled thereto, and hall not forthwith discharge the Party who shall be so impressed; if there shall not discharge the Party so impressed shall be carried on Board any Ship or Vessel of or in the Service of his Malum on such Protccbqn jesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Captain, or any Officer, who shall have the Command on. 11\' n^awaaframrh rn Board any such Ship or Vessel of or in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Succejl ors, hall on tendering to him Tn not, on any such Protection granted as aforesaid being produced or tendered to him; or if such Pro affidavit made before tedlion shall have been taken away from the Party to whom it was so granted, at or after his having same Justice, that such been so impressed; if on an Affidavit being made before some Justice or Justices of the Peace and Feme3sand "was ^at'such Protection was so granted, and continues in Force, and was taken away from the Party to taken" away wh n"he whom the famelwas so granted, either at or after the Time he was impressed, and being tendered to wasimprcfpd; or if any the Captain or Officer who shall have the Command on Board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, commanding officer, or such Captain or Officer having the Command as aforesaid, hall not forthwith discharge the Party any of the Cr; w under who shall have been so impressed and brought on Shipboard as aforesaid; if any Captain or Officer o Pp tjy'" having Command as aforesaid, or any of the Crew or Company under him, shall take away or detain th/offender any of any such Protection granted as aforesaid; every Person, who in any of the said Cases shall so offend, the said Cases, shall for except in the Cases herein before excepted, shall respectively forfeit and pay to the Party impressed, feit 20). to the Party im if not an Apprentice, and if an Apprentice, then to the respective Mailer of every such Apprentice, p re fled, not being an Ap gum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied in like manner as other Forfeitures incurred by ^ntsce' 'then to hu" this Act are herein after directed to be recovered and levied.

Master.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master or Owner of any

The m fler or Owner such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, vessel, or Boat, hall knowingly harbour, entertain or employ, of any fish'r.g Vessel, in any such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack, Vessel, or Boat, any Seaman or Land man, who shall have knowingly harbouring, deserted from his Majesty's Service; every such Mailer or Owner as aforesaid, on being con v.idled of k na'!^c; sel, any ^"UC^ Offence in manner herein after mentioned, hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay yc'i, n: 0flcrv, CC or the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after specified. Justices are im powered

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Justices of the Peace, within

to hear ard determine nil their respective Jurisdictions, shall hear and determine all Offences committed against the true Intent

ry Penalties, where the dible Witness or Witnesses; Oath every Justice, within his respective Jurisdiction, is hereby au, Time is not otherwffic li thorized and required to administer; and that any Justice or Justices, within his or their respective juris rsiitc'i, are to le pud in clivdlion, may issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals respectively, dirctsled' ay Hours; any Peace Officer within their respective Jurisdiction, to levy the same by Distress of the Goods

iref"and Sale^' Chattels of the respective Person and Persons who shall be so convicted, and which shall be found.

within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices; if within five Days from, any such dif toyr.hrr with all char tress being taken, the Money forfeited shall not be paid, together with the Colls of such distress, pcs, as afeeruined by a the Goods so distrained shall be appraised and sold, rendering the Overplus, if any, after, de.dudling jusicci the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; which Charges shall be ascertained by some Justice or Justices of the County, atvi for Wired offuflkient City, Riding, Division, or Place, in which the Offender or Offenders hall have been convicted;, ' ' and if sufficient Distress cannot at any Time be found, whereby the Money which shall be forfeited

tyf:

1:

two

by any Offender or Offenders against: this ab (other than the Driver of any Fish Carriage as (cxrcptio the Case of the aforesaid) can be levied on his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, then, and in every such case, on dnvcrofafiihcarnage) Proof thereof upon Oath before some Justice or Justices, within whose respective Jurisdiction arty such Offender or Offenders shall reside any Prosecutor or Prosecutors of any

and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any^ u

freers, to apprehend any such Offender or Offenders, if he, he, or they can be found, and to convey Time exceeding tv and commit every such Offender and Offenders to the House of Correction of the County, City, Months, or Place, where any such Offender or Offenders shall be found and apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, as any such Justice or Justices uni else the Forfeiture be shall order, unless the Money which shall be forfeited by such Offender or Offenders shall be sooner foonsrpi id

paid Prosecutions to Be com

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person mall suffer any Punishment menced within 3 Months for any Offence committed against this Act, unless the Prosecution for the same be commenced with after theostence;

in three calendar Months after such Offence committed; and that where any Person shall suffer im 'a

prisonment, pursuant to this Act, for any Offence contrary thereto, in default of Payment of any not liable to

Penalty hereby imposed, such Person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such penalty. p.iy the Penalty.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who.any Q( the p2rt; es c3n. shall con trad! for Fish contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall, before Information shall be made cerried in contorting for against him for having focontradled for the same, inform against: any other Party who shall have entered fifl^contrary tothi?art, into any such Contract, and the Party or Parties who shall be so informed against shall afterwards, giving the first infcrma on any such Information, be duly cohvidled of any such Offence in manner herein prescribed, then, 'Jjaingather? and c°n* and in every such case, the Person who shall have so informed against and prosecuted to Conviction isindwn.iified himself, any such other Person as aforesaid, shall be acquitted and released from all.penalty and Fofeiture which the Party so informing had incurred by having entered into, or been a Party to, any such Contract, and and entitled to a Moiety, shall he entitled to and have one Moiety of the Penalty which shall be forfeited by reason of the con of the Penalty, viction of the Party informed against.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made out, by the Evidences may be sum

Oith of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, it50ned> and examined, that any one, within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, is likely to give or offer material J ori ^h ai^ct' Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and; otcn^c.ut°r meaning of tivs Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear 5

before such Justice or Justices, and be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence concerning.

the premisses, every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their Summons, to convene every such Witness and Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices, at

such seasonable Time as in such Summons shall be seed; and if any Person so summoned shall neglect And on their nor.ap

or refuse to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, and no just Cause shall be offered for p^a'ance, without Cnui't

such Neglect or Refusal, then, after Proof by Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon, ms" fhaltbe tailjd "

the Party or Parties so summoned, every stich Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and ga: nft lfjem. 11

required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring

every such Witness or Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices; on the appearance of afiy

such Witness or Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices, every such Justice or Justices is and"

are hereby authorised and empowered to examine, upon Oath, every such Witness; if any such and on their refdttnj ter

Witness on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before such Justice or Justices, hall refuse le ex mined,

to be examined, on Oath, concerning the premisses, without offering any just Cause for such 1 Refusal.

such Justice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refilling to be examined m.ty be committed for

to the public Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which the Per anyd^nohe/xch?* "S

son, or Persons so refuffng to be examined shall be, there to remain for any Time not exceeding 14 J>' ner

fourteen Days, nor less than three Days, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct,

XXX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person against whom Cfrbndcrescaping out of

a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Offence against this Act, 'lrerchtga wtr

ibal 1 go into, reside, or be, in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, against him,

out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices who shall have granted any such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, it, shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, the jafticef&r thccaun. Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, into which, such, Offender or Offenders against ty where he.1h.1ll efenpe this Act shall go or be, to endorse his or their Name or Names on fueff warrant (Proof being firfft0> back fuel! war made, on Oath, of such Warrant having been signed by, such other Justice or Justices) and every Warrant so endorsed shall be sufficient authority to.all Persons to execute such Warrant in such lthereof j other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the.

Justice or Justices who first granted such. Warrantand, every such Justice and Justices respectivelyv.and may.hear and deter, as the Case shall happen, after indorsing any such Warrant, as aforesaid, may, on the Offender or mine the Matter pi canxe offenders therein named being apprehended and brought before any such Justice or Justices within Plai, lt. his or their respective Jurisdictions, hear, and determine the Flatter of the Complaint contained in.as if it had.originally n. every such Warrant, in the same Manner, as if such Complaint had originally arose within the Juris rofc within hij Jurtfdic?. diction of such Justice or Justices who shall have so backed any such Warrant j or may direct.tho ti

Offender or Offenders to be carried before a Justice or Justices within whose Jurisdiction the Of his ordinal 1

feue.e was committed, there to be. dealt.with according to Law., Cou nty, to be dealt witi*,

XXXI. And according to Law,

606 C 15. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

Oa: Moiety of all For

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all Money tenures, not otherwise which shall be forfeited for any Offence which shall be committed against this Act (and not herein the pfofecu c^s to otherwise appropriated) shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof shall go and the other to green be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital for the Time being, for the Benefit of the same V ich Hospital. Hospital.

Persons ae^rieved by the

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or per or.er o.tj'emiation fons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Determination of any Justice o: any just.ce, mty ap or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence committed, or supposed to be committed, se/hon the next <^ aitcragainff this Act, to appeal to the General or Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be held for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place, where any such Offence shall have been committed, next after the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders for any Offence committed against this Act; the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security in double the Sum forfeited, before such Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall Ev: ng S Days Notice to be made on such Appeal, and giving eight Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to the pities, and Security appeal, to the Party or Parties on whose Prosecution any such Conviction shall be made, if there wishvft ft; acn 'shall be so many Days within the Time of such Conviction and such General or Quarter Session; if there be not Time and, if not, then the Party or Parties who shall deem him, her, or themselves aggrieved by hny to give such Notice, ap such Conviction, shall and may be at Liberty to appeal to the next General or Quarter Section but

pealed from. Limitation of aoions.

same, and award Coles; Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear just, and to cause to be levied, under to be levied together with the Order of any such Section, the Costs which shall be awarded, together with such Money as any themor.eyadjudge^tobefych Court of Session, on the hearing of any such Appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress Salmon' the 'i'ouv T and Sale f t "e Goods and Chattles of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay such Costs and d.stress can he found. Money forfeited; and if sufficient Goods or Chattles of any such Offender or Offenders cannot be and if not, then on his met with to satisfy such Costs and Money forfeited, then by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat security. ties of the Person or Persons who shall have become Surety or Sureties as aforesaid for the Party or

Parties who shall have so appealed.

No Order or Proceedings

XXXIII. Provided likewise, and be it also enacted, That no Order or Proceedings to be made or of Justices may be vac3t had by or before any Justice of the Peace in relation to the Premiftcs, shall be quashed or vacated for orremoved^by Certiorari' vvant of Form only; and that the Order which shall be made in the Premiftcs by the Justices at their c. nor Order of till General or Quarter Section of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be final; and that no Proceedings of any Court of Session be ap such Justice or Justices out of Section, or in their said General or Quarter Section, in pursuance of this Act, shall be removable by Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Suspension, or otherwise.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything which shall be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought and commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months next after any such Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not afterwards; and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County, City, or Place, in which the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action and Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County, City, or Place, than where the Cause of Action shall have arisen; then, and in any of such Cases, the fury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's in any such Action or Suit shall become nonsuit, or discontinue, his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants therein shall have appeared, or if, on any Demurrer, Judgement shall he given for the Defendant or Defendants; then, and in any of the said Cases, every such Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover treble Costs, and shall be entitled to pursue and take inch Remedy for recovering of the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have to recover his or their Costs in other Cases by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Provisions and Regulations herein before contained and enacted, with respect to the Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, touching the Sale of buying of Fish, and all Penalties for the non observance thereof,

j!1 shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the said County of vmce iirrcrt extend" Middlesex^ and shall in like manner to all Intents and Purposes take place, and be in force, with eil to the ivifh of St. respect to the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone.

Mary k Lone m Middle

XXXVI. Provided further, and it is hereby also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Con

after the said first Day of May or Persons, in regard to Salt or

gen ral I (The,

[Treble Costs.]

Provisions in the act touching the Sal 01 buy in j of Fish within the Tills ot Mi r'aljty Penalties for non obfcr

(rr.

The Pr hit in this track, are !o those made, r r to made, wilt regirj

Vj^quadt already made, or to prevent any Contract from being made, nof 10 txtcnii nne thousanrl seven hundred and sixty two, by or with any Person

be dried fish, Oysters, Caip, or Tench, or any of them.

Salt or dried Fish, Oyficis, Carp, or Tench.

to

4

XXXVII. Proa.

D. 1761.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 16.

607

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, No Information may be That no Justice or Justices of the Peace shall receive any Information against any Person or Persons, by received by a Juihee a reason of bcinga Party to, or concerned in, any Contrail for buying up fhfh to be sold again contrary to " any PR10"' for the Intent of this Act; but that all Money which shall be payable or forfeited by reason of any such Con j0 " r, u y' 'nlg 3 !'p

trail being made or entered into, shall be recoverable only, together with double Costs of Suit, by thcfish to be sold agym Person who shall inform and sue for the same in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Wesbnin/lsr, contrary to this Act; but wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or proteilion, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the Money (hs Penalty lor ent. ring so forfeited shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital for thewith Time being, for the Benefit of the same Hospital, and the o.her Moiety thereof to the Person or Per double Cost, in 'one of Tonnes who shall inform for and recover the same. the Courts at Westminster

; one Moiety toga

a t) to Greenwich Ho'ptul,

LX. Jx > X and the other to the Prosecutor.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning

Ids majesty's Navy.

WHEREAS the King of Spain has lately been induced, without any Provocation on hispreamwe*

Majesty's Part, in eftefl to declare War against his Majesty; which has necessarily &nfbriorkpr a": vs covcfr' 4 gauged his Majesty in actual War with the said King of Spain, in Defence of his Subjects, and" '^. 5 5*- If

the Rights and Possessions of his Crown: And whereas his Majesty has been pleased to notify the?! IF. ?. c.'zi. g e?94 same by Proclamation, and a public Declaration thereof, on the second Day of January in the Year77' 3. 23.9 & 10 4 of our i/ord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two: Now, for the better carrying on the said 3 c <-J>

return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; for the more effectual fe gi0 c J4 zfec.z.

curing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's subject be it enacted by the King's most Ex 4' 7 6ccc '2

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and cvc. 2. ^'30/^3' gcl Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag. C 3, 4, & i f. 14. Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board every Ship Go. 2. C 38. 17 Geo. 2. and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pa shall have the folc Interest and Property of and in all and, 34- 18 Geo. 2. c. 31. every Ship, vutel, Goods, and Merchandizes, which they shall take, from and after the secondp^ f J', 4, GZJ Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fxxty two, during the Continuance of this War 2. m47." \zG10. 2. c against Spain, (being flrfl adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great 16. 32 Geo. 2. c. 25. Britain, or in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere) to be divided in such Proportions, 33 c - i9 and after such Manner, as his Majesty, his Heirs, and successors, shall think fit to order and direct by Phe 9|"ce^?n<l1'^etnon Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be niued for those Purposes. ary intiued urnhe Vole

Property of such c.tpuiies of 1 lie enemy's Vessels and Effects, during the War with Spain, as shall be made after 2 Jan. 1762, and be adjudged lawful Prize j to be divided among them as Ills Majesty, by Proclamation, shall direct.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Ship or Ships, vessel or Vef And a, 1.yeffe!s' Armsj fels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, with all their Fur v^goo" 's' an^mer niture, Tack'e, or Apparel, taken, or to be taken, during the present war with Spain, by or with chandizes, taken by pri any private Owner or Owners, Ship or Vessel, according to any Commission or Letter of Mark vate Ships duly licensed, to be granted as herein after is directed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commis bcins fist adjudged law sioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any r 1 ^1 c^tors

three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed (beinga aheir'owners.*p II.*1s* first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid) shall wholly to be divided as by A

and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Ship orgreement among them

Vessel, and the several Persons who shall be on Board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the tak fcives

ing thereof, in such Share and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattles of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be thus infilled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; that neither his Majesty, his Heirs, or successors, or any Admiral, Vice Admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by, or claiming under, his Majesty, his Heirs, or successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or vessel, being the Captain of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition,

Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandizes, and the Person claiming under him or them, shall be in onl the accuct titled to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Customs and Duties) any Custom, Statute, or[omabledudes, other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty minth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of S amen and the more speedy and The Provisions and Re. 4 effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy, several Provisions and Regulations were established for the gelations in act 29 4 better carrying on the salutary Purposes by the said Act intended in the Prosecution of the War Ge 4 against France: And whereas by another Act made in the thirty second Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made injtbe twenty-ninth Year of his present Maas explained and amend jisty's Mign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effec cd byaft 32 Geo. a, C 25.

tual Manning his Majesty's Navy; and for the better preventing of Pyraeies and Robberies by Crews

6o8

C 17.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

rsfbefting ths granting Commissions, or Letters of Mark; the Persons acting, and Captures made, under Authority thereof j

and also theciaufes and Provisoes in the last mentioned Act j are extended to the Grant of Commissions, cr Letters of Mark, c. under this Act

And the provisions and Regulation in Act q; Geo. 2. c. 19. ro see (firing Prize and b&unlj Moneys,

are to be in force during die pve'in; War with Spain.

of private Ships of Jf'ar, the said Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty was explained and amended, and several further Provisions and Regulations were established to continue during the War with France; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Regulations and Provisions respecting the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Mark, the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Mark, and all other Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things contained in the said Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, as the same were explained and amended by the said recited Act of the thirty second Year of his said late majesty's Reign; and also all Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things contained in the said last mentioned Act of the thirty second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, shall extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Mark to the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of Mark, and all other Matters or Things whatsoever in respect of the same, during the Continuance of the present War with Spain, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things had been particularly repeated and reenacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Provisions and Regulations respecting any Prize or Bounty Moneys, contained in an Act of the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual f curing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Moneys as vjere appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospita] by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy, shall be in full Force with regard to any Prizes to be made during the Continuance of the present War with Spain, or any Bounty Money to be paid in respect of such Prizes.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for Relief of the Vassals of the several Estates which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for carrying the Purposes of the said Act more effectually into Execution, and for enforcing and carrying into Execution so much of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the paying and discharging the Wadfetts affecting the Estate of Lovat.

'Preamble, reciting clufes in Act z j Geo. 2. c. 41.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Efates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a 4 Method for managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future, it is, among other Things, enacted, That the Lands and Herctages which became forfeitecito his late Majesty by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth, George late Earl of Cromarty; and Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Coll Mac Donald of Barrif dale, and also the Barony of Sirowan; and all other Lands and Hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, and became forfeited to the Crown, by Decree or Sen tence of Eorfciture passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, be annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and shall be and remain for ever un alienable from the same; and it is thereby enacted, That it shall he lawful to and for His Majesty,

his Heirs and successors, by Commission under the Privy Seal of Scotland, to authorise and empower such Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall think fit, from Time to Time, to be Commissioners and Trustees for managing the said Estates, and applying the Produce thereof for the Ends and Purposes appointed by the said Act: And whereas his late Majesty, by his Commission dated the twentieth of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, did authorise and empower the Persons therein mentioned to be Trustees and Commissioners for managing the said annexed Estates; and which Commission was passed under the Privy Seal of Scotland the tenth Day of May in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five; and his present Majesty,

by his Commission dated the twenty ifth Day of July in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, did also authorise and empower the Persons therein named to be Trustees and Commissioners for managing the said annexed Estates; and which Commission also was pallid under the Privy Seal of Scotland upon the third Day of August in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: And whereas there are many small Vassals, who, before the Forfeiture of the said Estates, held their Lands and other Herctages of the aforesaid attainted Persons and their Prcdc ceftors respectively, and who now hold the same of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas it would be a very grievous Burden upon the said Vassals to make up the Titles and Infcoft meats of their several Lands, by Precepts from the chance)y, or by Charters under the Great Seal

1761.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

l7'

'609

rues.

be deemed a

of Scotland, and to be subjected to the Expenses attending the same, as required by Law in Lands held of the Crown lie it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, The King miyimpnwr his Heirs and Successors, to authorise and empower the Commissioners and Trustees for managingcommissioners and tm the said Estates, named or to be named by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in pursuance of thefai^so^fdtedeft/te^ 'to Aflabove recited, to receive Resignations, and grant new Charters containing Precepts of Sasine, receivereflgnations/and and a so to grant all other Charters, Precepts of Clare Constat, and other Writings whatsoever, necef grant new charters, fary or competent for completing the Titles of the foresaid Vassals, their Heirs, and Angular Sue* for'co/npleatm cheque* cefiors, in their Lands and other Heretages respectively, to be held Feu or Blench of his Majesty^4s'his Heirs and Successors, in the same Way and Manner as the said Lands and Heretages are now held, or maybe held, of his Majesty; and which Charters, Precepts of Saftne, and Precepts ofar*d the Charters, c. so Clare Con fiat) to be granted by such Commissioners and Trustees, are hereby declared to be as valid ?re dsc' "red to and effectual to the said Vassals, their Heirs, and singular Successors, for completing their Infeoff evaio> ments in their Lands and Heretages aforesaid, as if the said Infeoffments had proceeded upon Charters and Precepts under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland, in place of the Great Seal, or upon Precepts from Chancery; anything in the Law and Practice of Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Charters, Precepts of Seaftne, and anti are to be entered on Precepts of Clare Constat, to be granted by the said Commissioners and Trustees, shall, before Deli record, before Delivery very thereof to the Yaffals, be duly entered and recorded in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; '"e a u s' that the said Vassals shall be liable to pay, and be chargeable with the same Compositions for their Yho are to pa>'u^ual Entries, as are in use to be paid in the court of Exchequer by his Majesty's othervaflals, to be appliedcompofit: ons by the said Commissioners and Trustees for the same Uies and Purposes as the other Rents, Profits, (to be applied to the and Casualties of the said annexed Estates, and shall further be liable to pay to the Writer, Agent, plli?oses of the trust) or other Officers of the said Commissioners and Trustees, employed in expecting the aforesaid Titles, and moderate Fees for such moderate Fees as the said Commissioners and Trustees shall ascertain, by a Table to be made by expecting the them for that Purpose.

Ill -

Heirs their

Way and Manner as is competent to the other Vassals of the Crown; and that such Titles only, and Gnat Seal; no other, shall be deemed and taken to be a Freehold Qualification, and to entitle the Vassals of the which Hull said Estates to be inrolled amongst the Freeholders, and to vote in the Election of a Member to serve to vote

in Parliament for the County, Shire, or stewartry where their Lands lie; anything in this Act tothteleftion of mem the contrary notwithstanding. bms.

IV. And whereas by the Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, in part above recited, clause in Act 25 Geo. 2,

it is provided, That no Person shall be capable of taking or enjoying, directly or indirectly, any C 41.

Lands or Tenements, other than Mines and Fishings, by virtue of any Lease orleafes to be granted by the said Commissioners of greater annual Rent than twenty Sounds at the utmost: And whereas the Reason for excepting Mines and fishings from the above Provisoe, does equally apply to Woods Commissioners and and Mills; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to the Com woodland missioner and Trustees named, or to be named, by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ma mii!s, with themilin nnging the said Estates, to grant Leases of Woods and of Mills, with the Milln Lands usually let with Lands ofually let there the same, for such yearly Rent as can be obtained for the same, though exceeding twenty Pounds though the Rent Sterling; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. exceed sol. per Ann.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Recital of Chutes in An Act for enabling his mcijc/ly to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; 1 Ge -3' c. 19'

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities or Sums of Money granted or to be granted to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes; certain Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty, are thereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; particularly it is thereby enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies therein mentioned, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty-three Pounds twelve Shillings and one Penny and three Fourths of a Penny, upon Account, for paying and discharging the Debts and Wadset Sums, with the necessary Expenses attending the Payment of the same, claimed and sustained upon tli3 Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Sionov. late Lord Lovat, or so much of the said Debts and Sums as shall be remaining unsatisfied,

according to the several Decrees in that Behalf respectively made by the Lords of Session in Scotland, and pursuant to the Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second above recited; and for the better and more easy Payment of the said Debts and an in Act 25 Geo. 2.

Wadfett Sums, it is thereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his' 4i'

majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, to issue, or cause to be issued, in such Propor tions as they shall think fit, to either or both of the Banks of Scotland', at Edinburgh, a Sum not exceeding thirty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty-three Pounds twelve Shillings and one Penny three Fourths of a Penny, to be applied in paying and discharging the said Debts and Sums, with the necessary Expence attending the Payment of the same; and the several Creditors, whose Claims have been sustained upon the said Lands and Estates as aforesaid, are thereby directed and required

10

C

I

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to produce, or cause to be produced, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Decree or Decrees of the Court of Session, sustaining the said Claims; and, upon producing of every such Decree or Dc 4 crees, the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer are thereby empowered and required to make out Debentures or Certificate?, under their Hands, for the several Sums of Money which shall! appear to be due by and under the said Decrees respectively; and the several Sums contained in the said Debentures or Certificates are directed to be paid, at Sight, by the said Bank or Banks, out of the Money aforesaid, to the Person or Persons entitled by the said Debentures to receive the same: Provided always, That if the Decree or Decrees, sustaining the Claim or Claims of any Creditor or Creditors aforesaid, shall not be produced in his Majesty's said Court of Exchequer, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, as aforesaid, such Claim or Claims shall not carry any farther Interest after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: And whereas, in pursuance of the act last above recited, the Sum of thirty seven thousand three hundred and forty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and five Pence, was issued by the Commissioner of his Majesty's Treasury, and lodged in the Royal Bank of Scotland at Edinburgh, pre ceding the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for paying and discharging the Debts and waafetsums aforesaid, and has, in part, been applied in paying and discharging the several Creditors upon the said Estate, who produced the Decrees of the Court of Session, sustaining their several Claims in the said Court of Exchequer, according to the Directions of the aforesaid Statute: And whereas the Wadfetters upon the said Estate whose Claims have been sustained for their several Wadset Sums, by Decrees of the said Court of Session, are in Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Lands wadfetted to them respectively, for Payment of their several Wadfett Sums, and cannot be removed from that Possession until their Wadfetts are redeemed by Payment or Consignation of their several Wadset Sums, according to the Order of Redemption prescribed in their several Wadset Rights, whereby the trustees and Commissioners for managing the said annexed Estates, are kept out of the Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Wadfett Lands, and, in the mean Time, the Money provided by Parliament, and lodged in the said Bank for discharging these Wadfets, remains a dead Stock bearing no Interest: And whereas the prosecuting of separate Declarators of Redemption, and removing against each of the said Wadfetters, would be attended with great Delay, and unnecessary Expense to the Pub one Action of Declarator lick; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Action of Declarator of re of Redemption, contain Jemption, containing a Conclusion of removing, may be brought before the Court of Session, in the tnovtne^ may 'be brought ^amc of his Majesty's Advocate, against the whole Wadfetters upon the said Estate, which may and in the Name of the^shall! be served against the Defendants under the general Description of Tloe Wadfetters upon the Estate King's Advocate, against of Lovat, by one edibtal Citation upon Oath, thirty Days Notice to be affixed on the Walls of the the whole Wadfetters inner and Outer House of the said Court of Session, where the Rolls of Causes in that Court are the lod c^nt of^he^' usually affixed, concluding to have it found and declared, That the Lodgement of the Sums aforesaid Money in the Bank at n the Royal Bank at Edinburgh, for paying and discharging their several Wadfett Sums, is and shall Edinburgh, for paying be deemedjind taken to be a legal and proper Consignation of their several Wadfett Sums, to all in o(f the Wadfett Sum?, being deemed a legal Consignation thereof; and the Lands to be thereupon redeemed, and the Occupiers removed,

and the commissioners snd Trustees, and their Tenants, to criterinto polti.tun

tents and Purposes, as if the Order of Redemption prescribed in their several Wadfett Rights had been complied with and followed out against each of them separately; and that the Lands and other Heretages wadfetted to them respectively, shall be held, deemed, and taken to be redeemed, and out quit from them, their Heirs and successors respectively; and they and their Tenants, Servants, and other Dependants, be removed from the Possession of the said Lands and other Heretages wadfetted to them as aforesaid, at the respective Terms of Removing specified in their several Wadfett Rights, and Decrees of the Court of Session sustaining their Claims, or at such other Term or Terms as to the said Court shall seem just, so as that the said Commissioners and Trustees. their Tenants, may have free Access to enter to the Pofi cflion of the said Wadfett Lands in Time coming; and the

summary Way,

Wadfelters may com pleat their Titles, by ob ta ning Charters, Arc. from the Commissioners,

said Court of Session is hereby authorised and required to proceed in the aforesaid Ablion in a sum the Court to proceed in niary Manner, without abiding the Course of any Roll, and to give the like Decree or Decrees therein) the sud Action in a as wcm|f] have been competent in Law in a separate Action of Declarator and Removing against each of the said Wadfetters, proceeding upon the Order of Redemption laid down and prescribed in their several Wadset Rights.

VI. And whereas it may happen that some of the said Wadfetters may not be duly vested and seized in the said Wadfett Lands, so as to be enabled to discharge and renounce their Wadfett Right in a habile and proper Manner Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or Persons having Right to such Wadfetts, and to the Decrees of the Court of Session sustaining the same, to complete their Titles in the Wadfett Lands respectively, by obtaining Charters, Precepts of Clare Conjlat, or other Warrants for infeoft" inent, from the said Commissioners and Trustees, in the same Way and Manner, and upon paying the usual Fees; payment of the same Sees, as by this Act is made competent to the Vassals of the said annexed Estates.

and upon completing

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon completing such Titles, and grant the fime; ind^r^oiing ing proper Discharges and Renounciations of the said Wadfett Rights, or of any of them, and dudny.'ibc same to the producing the same before the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, together with the Decree on r:, I, the Exchequer, Decrees of the Court of Session sustaining the Claim or Claims of such Wadfetter or 'Wadfetters, the v.itii l>.crfc3ofihecourc Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby im fufuinuij; thec\uun>; po.ycred and required, to make out Debentures or Certificates for the several Sums of Money which shall

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 18.

11

shall appear to be due by and under the said Decrees respectively, in the same Form, and to be issued, the Karens shall make delivered, and paid to the said Wadfetters, or others in their Name, in the same W ay and Manner as Debentures for the is provided for and directed by the Abl above recited, with respect to the Payment of the other Cre'ont; 'ue'ditors upon the said Estate; the said Debentures or Certificates shall be to the said Royal Bank at which shall bedischarge3 Edinburgh sufficient Discharges for such Payment. to die Bank.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Provisions of this The Privisions touching Act touching the Entry of the Vassals of the annexed Estates aforesaid to their respective Lands and the Entry of the Vailkis Heretages, mall extend to the Vassals of all such other Estates as now are, or may be, annexed to the "if tie fsl?d t, n*xed Imperial Crown of this Realm, in pursuance of the aforesaid Act of the tv/enty fifth Vearof his late all other i^ftttes as majesty's Reign, from and after the Time that such other Estates shall become subject to the Admi are, or may be, annexed nistration and Management of the Commissioners and Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by his to the Crown, in pur majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in pursuance of the said Act; and that in all Cases, and so often fuanceoi z Geo. as it shall happen, that Provision shall be made by Parliament for paying and discharging the Wad 2' c' sets aftedling any such other Estate which now is, or hereafter may be, annexed to the Crown in pursuance of the aforesaid Act, the like Action against the Wadfetters of each Estate respectively and the like Action ihm shall be competent to his Majesty's Advocate, and shall proceed in the same Form and Manner, and be competent, in like to the same effect; and that the like Method of completing the Titles of the Wadfetters upon such Ga'cs> gamit the wad other Estates, and of renouncing and discharging the same, shall be competent to them, and take place f ^"'1 h whke in the same Form and Manner as herein is above provided with respect to the Wadfetters of the Estate Method of completing of Lovat. their Titles, and of renouncing

the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for rendering; more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of

O

her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late pre?.mble, reciting Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Rewardfor such Person or Per Clauses in Act 12 anr.e, fans as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, the Commissioners therein named, or any five or more ofa c J5'

them, have full Power to hear and receive anyproposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for dif covering the said Longitude; and in case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experi ment thereof, they shall certify the same, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the Persons Names who are Authors of such Proposals;

and upon producing such Certificate, the said Commissioners are thereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills for any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds,

as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, or any five or more of them,

shall think necessary for making the Experiments, payable by the treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or Sums the Treasurer of the Navy is, by the said Abl, required to pay immediately to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to make those Experiments, out of any Money that shall be in his Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy: And whereas, for a 4 due and sufficient Encouragement to any such Person or Persons as shall discover a proper Method for finding the said Longitude, it is likewise enacted by the said Abl, That the first Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, of any such Method, his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be entitled to and have such Reward as in the said Abl is particularly mentioned

And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late 14 Geo. 2. C».

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for surveying the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coajts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exabl Determination of the Longitude and Latitude thereof it was enabled. That the said Commissioners for discovering the said Longitude, or any five or more of them, Should have full Power to apply such Part of the said Sum of two thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said first recited Act,

as had not then been laid out in Experiments, as they should think necessary for the making such Survey, and determining the Longitude and Latitude of the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging; and that such Sum or Sums, Part of the said two thousand Pounds, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, should think necessary, should be paid immediately by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Person or Persons as should be appointed by the said Commissioners to make such Survey, and determine such Longitude and Latitude, out of the Money that should be in the Hands of such Treasurer unapplied for the Use of the Navy: And whereas by ail Abl made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and s G: ». z.

intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Alu jessy Queen Anne, entitled, Ail Abl for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Abl, the further Suni of two thousand Pounds was directed to be applied in such manner

I 2 4 a

6s 2

C ig.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

as the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude should think necessary, for making fur

Experiments: And whereas the said Commissioners have, by virtue of the Powers vested in

them by the said several acts before mentioned, heard and received several Proposals made to them,

at different Times, for discovering the said Longitude, and have accordingly certified the same,

from Time to Time, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, whereupon Bills have been made out for several Sums of Money, amounting, in the Whole, to four thousand Pounds;

all which respective Sums have been paid to several Persons by thetreasurerof the navy, pursuant to the Directions of the said acts of Parliament; which the said Commissioners for discovering the

Longitude, thought necessary for making the said Experiments: And whereas by reason of the several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to the several Persons as aforesaid, the said Commissioners have, by virtue of the said acts of Parliament, expended the Whole of the Sums

thereby granted for the Purposes aforesaid: whereas, from the Experiments which have already

been made in pursuance of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, there is great Reason ter expect that, by continuing to encourage ingenious Persons to invent and make further

Improvements and Experiments, in order to discover the said Longitude, such Discoveries may at length be produced as will effectually answer that End, and thereby contribute very much to the Advantage of the Trade and Honour of this Kingdom: Therefore, for enabling the said Com

Th: Commissionerj con mnfioners to cause such further Experiments to be made as they shall think proper for the Purposes a ft s', e are^mpowered to aforesaid, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent: hear and receive Fropo of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by fals for discovering the the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners, constituted by the said several acts of Par longuude at Sea j liament before mentioned for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying, and judging of all Proposals, Experiments, and Improvements relating to the same, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power to hear and receive anyproposal or Proposals that have been, or shall and beng so far satisfied hereafter be made to them for discovering the said Longitude at Sea; and in case the said commis such pr^'o^a^as'fothtnk L oners> or any bve or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such propos.il proper to make Experior Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experiment thereof, they shall certify the same, under ment thereof, they are to their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the per certify the same, with the fons Names who shall be the Authors of such Proposals; and, upon producing such Certificate, the Authors Names, to me Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills for Navy who^re^omake zny such umor Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners cut bi ils thereupon for for the Discovery of the said Longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for making any Sum or Sums not any Experiments in pursuance of this ACT, or any of the said former acts abovementioned, payable exceed, ng2, occl. as shall the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or Sums the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being

herew rcclu red to pay immediately to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the C0111-surer ct\heynavy out of mifo°ners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, to make those Experiments, out of any Money any Money in his Hands that shall be in his the said treasurer's Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy, unaoplied.

CAP. XIX.

perfirnur Game Law An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain tvslta." called

2.3 El. C 10. 1 Jac. 1. ft 22 23 Csr. 2. C 2, 5. 4© "5 IE. fm. C 23. 5 Ann. C 14.9 Ann, C 25. 3 Geo. 1. C: i. S Geo. j. C 19. 10 Geo.

2. t. 32. 26 Geo. 2. c. 2. 28 Geo. 2. C j2.

Preamble.*the better Preservation of the Game in this Kingdom, May it please your most Exccl

After 1 June 1762, no ' JD lent Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent ma ferj on may take, kill, jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

tween 1 I'eb. and oft. or Use, any Partridge, between the twelfth Day of February and the first Day of September, in any or Heath Fowl, between Year; or any Pheasant, between the first Day of February and the first Day of October, in any 1 Jan. and 20 Aug. Year; or any Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, between the first Day of January and the orgrouk, between 1 Dec. twentieth Day of Augiifl, in any Year; or any Grouse, commonly called Red Game, between the and25 July, inanyyear; ay of December and the twenty-fifth Day of July, in any Year.

Fhcafan's taken in the

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend to any Pheasant which shall be taken ?xwst«brsin? in the Season allowed by this act, and kept in any Mew or Breeding Place.

places, excepted. in

This not to extend

III. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, to

to Scotland. that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Persons offending in any WAND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall of the Cases aforesaid this act in any of the aforesaid Cases, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof by the Oath of one or more cr.dible Witness or Witnesses, every such Person shall, for every Partridge, Pheasant, Heath Fowl, or Grouse, so taken, killed, destroyed, carried, sold, bought, or sound, in his, her, or their Possession or Use, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: And it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to sue and prosecute (or, and recover, the said Penalty

forfeit t; 1. pei Eird, to Ike Prosecutor,

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

20

613-

nalty of five Pounds, with full Costs of Suit, byablionof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in such Action or Suit, no Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late map.fly King George the First, intituled, An Act for the the betler Recovery of the Penalties infidled upon Persons who 1 de/iroy the Game 3 it was enabled, That wherel oever any Person shall, for any Offence to be here alter committed against any Law now in being for the better Preservation of the Game, be liable or subject to any Pecuniary penalty or Sum of Money, upon Conviction before anyjufficeor

Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any other Person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said Penalty by Information and Conviction, before a Justice or Justices of the

Peace, in such manner as in such Law contained, or to sue for the same by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record: And where ' as, a Moiety, or Portion of the said pecuniary Penalty is, by several Abls of Parliament, directed to be applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, ' by reason whereof Inhabitants of the said Parish have been disallowed to give Evidence touching

such Offences: And whereas Suits by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Informa" "are often attended with great Costs and Charges to the Prosecutor, by means whereof the End or Intentions of the said Act have been, in a great measure, frustrated; Remedy where ' of, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatsoever, to sue for and recover the Whole of such Penalty for his own Use, by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and wherein the Plaintiff", if he recovers, shall have his double Colls; and that no Part of the said Penalty, recovered in any such Suit or Action, shall be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed 3 any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be brought or exhibited, but within the Space of six Months next after the Matter or Thing done, for which the same shall be commenced or exhibited as aforesaid

(0 be recovered, with full ofts, in any ofthccourts at westmir.fler.

Recital ot cl.'ufeinaft 2 Geo. 1. c. 19.

The whole of the pecuniary Penalties under the said act, may be sued for, and recovered to the sole Use of the Prosecutor, with double Costs; no Part thereof to go to the Use of the Poor of the Parish.

Prosecutions to be withiy 6 Months after the Fafb committed.

See further 2 Geo. 3. c. 29.

[Preamble.]

Explained ard amended by Geo. 3. c. 17.

CAP. XX.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws, now in being, relating to the Raising, and Training the Militia, within that Parc of Great Britain called England.

Per former Lanusrsfer to I Ed. 3. f. 2. c. 5. 1 Ed. 3. f. 2. C 7. 25 Ed. 3 ft. 5. c. 8. 4 & 5 P. & M, C 3. 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 3. 1 Geo. I. Jl. 2. C r.f.

9 Geo. 1. c. 8. 30 Geo. 2. c. 25. 31 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 20. 33 Geo. 2. c. 2, 22 O' 24.

WHEREAS a well regulated Militia has been found to be of great Utility, and is of the

utmost Importance to the internal Defence of this Country: And whereas the Laws now in force for the training and regulating thereof, are in some respects defective be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, may and shall issue forth Commissions of Lieutenancy, for the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, herein alter mentioned 3 and the respective Lieutenants thereby appointed shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to call together all such Persons, and to arm and array them at such Times, and in such Manner, as is herein after expressed 3 and such respective Lieutenants shall, from'i iine to i ime, comiitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, qualified as is herein after directed, and living within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants 3 the Names of such Persons having been firs presented to, and approved by, his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors 3 and shall, before the Times appointed for holding the third Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of Peace within their respective Subdivisions, for choc.

by Lot the Persons to serve in the Militia as herein after mention, appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and other Officers, also qualified as is herein after directed, to train and discipline the Persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after provided, and shall certify to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, the Names" and Ranks of such Officers, within one Month after they shall be so appointed; and in case his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors shall, within one Month after such Certificate laid before his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, signify his or their Disapprobation of any Person to be such Officer in the Militia, his Majesty's Lieutenant shall not grant a Commission to such Person, but shall grant Commissions to such Persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That when the Lieutenant of a County, Riding, or Place, shall be ab fentout of the Kingdom of Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to authorise and appoint three Deputy Lieutenants to grant Commissions to Officers serving or to serve in the Militia for such County, Priding, or Place, upon any Vacancy that shall happen

The King to issue forth Commissions of Lieutenancy for the respective Counties; thclordlieu tenants empowered thereupon to to assemble and arm the Militia, and appoint Deputy Lieutenants,

being fh ft approved of by his majesty; and grant commissions !o a proper Number of Officers, b» fere the third Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants, for choosing the Men by Lot: Their names to be certified to his m iiefty within a Month after; and if he shall signily his Disapprobation of any of them, no Commission is to be granted to such.

The Lord Lieutenant being absent out of Great Britain, the King may authorize the Dcp, Lieutenants to fill up vaeuijt

Commiftwns.

*4

C

20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

jjtlvt LJ1C L11ICI Ul LUC ivjlliillcl lilcicui 'WHICH lixdil UC I tlllcu L )y VH LUC Ul lluo A CL fvllu

County. in every County, Riding, or Place, in England (except as is herein after excepted) there shall be bepan appointed twenty or more Deputy Lieutenants, if so many Persons qualified as is herein before and

Lieut, iool. per Ann.

happen during the Absence of the said Lieutenants; which Commissions shall be good and valid in like manner as if they had been granted by the Lieutenant himself.

Commissions of Lieute

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to nancy. Deputations, and vacate any Commission of Lieutenancy already granted by his Majesty, nor any Deputations granted ocher Commissions alto Deputy Lieutenants, nor any Commissions granted to Officers; but that the same shall continue teady granted, to ftnnd in fu]j force and Vigour, for the Purposes of this at, so as the said Deputy Lieutenants and of duiv Vilified S fice, rs be qualified as is herein after directed.

Deputation of Dcp. Lieu

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Deputation of any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any renants and Officers Commission of, any Officer in the Militia, already granted or to be granted by any Lieutenant for any Commissions, not vacat County, Riding, or Place respectively, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration, 5d:; £es^n^for Discontinuance of the Commission by which such respective Lieutenants were or shall be ap

L cotenancy. pointed.

Lord L eutenant to have V And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, shall the chief Command cfhavethe chief Command of the Militia thereof which shall be raised by virtue of this at:

the Militia of the county.

Twenty or more

Lieuten nts to be ap.

pointedfor every County, after expressed, can be therein found; and if twenty Persons so qualified cannot be therein found,

if so many can be found then there shall be appointed so many Persons as can be therein found: And each Person so to be quaheed. appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel, shall be seized or possessed, either in Law or Equity,

l^cutenamand c^ione/ orb's own Use and Benefit, in Possession of a Freehold, of, or Customary Estate for Life,

40'cl. pc°r Ann. '.or for some greater Effate, or of an Estate for some long Term of Years, determinable on one or

more Life or Lives, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in England, (Tales, or the Town of Bemvick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir apparent of some Person who shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate of a lieu enant Colonel as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of eight hundred Pounds: And each Person so to be appointed a and major300l.perann. j/icutenant Colonel, or Major, shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six

acapt.2col. per Ann. hundred Pounds: And each Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; or shall he, Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be, in like manner, seized or possefifed of a like Estate as

aforesaid, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds; or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death, was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds: And that each Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds; or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death, was, in like manner, seized or possessed of 2 like Estate as aforesaid, of the and Lnfign 20i per Ann. yearly Value of two hundred Pounds: And each Person so to be appointed an Ensign, shall be in A Moiety of the Efhtcs like manner seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds; rcqmii e to their levemi or fj^]) be son of forne Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death, was in like man those r i'the fuba'ternof ner> seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds: One ficers to be within the Moiety of which said Estates, required as Qualifications for each Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieu county for which they tenant Colonel, Major, and Captain respectively, shall be situate or arising within such respefib vc serve* County or Riding in which he shall be appointed to serve.

what shall be deemed

VI. Provided always and be it enacted, That for the Purposes of the respefifive Qualifications re eaual toaneflatcot iool. quired by this at, the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and in Manors, messuages, Lands, per Annum. Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are leased for one, two, or three Life or Lives, or for any

Term of Years determinable upon the Death of one, two, or three Life or Lives, on reserved Rents, and which are to the lefi.ee or Lcfices of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate herein before described as a Qualification of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, and foin proportion, be the said Qualification of a greater or less Degree.

VII. And be it enacted, That a Person possessed either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, in possession of an Estate for a certain Term originally granted for twenty Years, or more,

...^of an annual Value, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respetft of

d for the (jollification the same, equal to the annual Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a de of a Deputy Lieutenant puty Lieutenant, and Commission Officer of the Militia relpctshvely, and situate as aforesaid; shall and Commission Officer, b. c. arui; s hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to atft and serve under such rc<pcaive Commission.

five or more Dcp. Lieu

VIII. And be it enacted, That in the several Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, ten t'ltt fr the Counties (Vejhnoreland, and Rutland, and of every County and Place in the Dominion of (Cales respectively, of Cumberland, Hun there Hi a 11 be five or more Deputy Lieutenants appointed (if so many Persons qualified as herein after expressed can he therein found) and the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the respective Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Adilitia therein, shall be as follows; that is to say, a Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel shall he, in like manner, seized, or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Valucof three hundred Pounds; or shall lie Heir Apparent of a Person who shall he, in like manner, seized or possessed of alike Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of five hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant Colonel, or Major, shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall he,

in

and foin proportion, re qirfite to: Qualification.

A Leasehold Estate originally granted for 20 yer, in annual Value to what is requir

t; ngdon, Monmouth, Westmoreland, Rutland, jndl rmcipality of Wnlcr. Qualification ol a Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel for those Counties, 30ci. per Annum, ol a Lou. ten inf Colonel, 200l. per Anpam.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20.

615

in like manner, seized or possessed of alike Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of four hundred

Founds: A Captain shall be, in like manner, seized or poll efled of a like Estate as aforesaid, of theclpta; a «5o!.peranru

yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds; or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or, at the

Time of his Death, was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the

yearly Value of three hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of Lieutenant 70l. perann.

a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of seventy Pounds; or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death, was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate asandenfnn2ol. per Ann.

aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds: An Ensign, shall be, in like manner, seized A Moiety of the Estate

or possessed or alike Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds; or shall be Son of alcfiuif te [° tfieir feve£al

Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death, was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like 'ficauons» r

Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds: One half of all which respective Estates, to be with in'"he County

except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns, shall be situate or arising within such for which they serve.

respective County or Riding, in which such Officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

IX. Provided always, That in such Counties where twenty Persons cannot be found (qualified as In those Counties where

aforesaid, and whiling to act as Deputy Lieutenants, it may and shall be lawful for his Majesty's 2°i )cp Lieutenantscan lieutenant of any such County, and he is hereby required, after having appointed so many Persons jp' ^nd^vhlin to^ia* as can be found qualified as aforesaid, to appoint such Number of Persons to be Deputy Lieutenants so many with aqualif.cal as shall be requisite to make up the Number twenty, who shall respectively be seized or possessed oftion of 2ocl. per Ann. a like Estate of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, and situate as aforesaid: Provided, That may be appointed, as will the Persons so appointed shall not make the whole Numb: r of Deputy Lieutenants for the said County a'ake UP that Number, to exceed the Number of twenty; and every such Person shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared c0unu ^otict ex to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to act and serve under such respective Commission. ceed, 0.

X And be it enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants Qualification of Deputy and Officers of the Militia in thedfle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, shall be as follows; A Lieutenants and ofike.s Deputy Lieutenant shall be seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of f^r.thp.ille, of Ely V1Z* two Hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be, in like Manner, q ppr'an, enan seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds: A cap of a Captain xcol. p? tain shall be in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Ann.

one hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be, in like manner, fifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds; or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death, was, in like manner, Lieutenant 50l. perann, lei Ted or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds; or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds: An Ensign shall be, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, A 1vfo"icf notthe f.ft nti"' of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds; or shall be Son of ihme Person who shall be, or, at the requisitel° their several Time of his Death, was, in like manner, seized and possessed of alike Estate as aforesaid, of the Qualifications, except for yearly Value of fifty Pounds: One Half of all which Estates, except those for the Qualifications Lieutenants andenfigns, of Lieutenants and Ensigns, shall be situate or arising within the said Isle of Ely, or some other Part'? be in the 1(1? of Ejy, or of the County of Cambridge. Umbndge.

XL. And be it enacted, That in all Cities or Towns which are Counties within themselves, and Five or more D. lieute have heretofore been empowered, by Law' or ancient Usage, to raise and train a separate Militia within nsnts to be appointed for their several Precincts and Liberties, and which are by this Act united with, and made Part of, any such Cmts and Towns a County or Counties for the Purposes of this Act only; his Majesty's Lieutenants of such Cities r ^emfenes" WU Towns, or, where there is no Lieutenant appointed by his Majesty, the chief Magistrate of such^City or Town shall appoint five or more Deputy Lieutenants (if so many Persons qualified as is herein after expressed can therein be found) and shall also appoint Officers of the Militia, whose j\nd olece's Number and Rank shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which such City or Town ie.tot ev^loao shall raise, as their Qiiota, towards the Militia of the County to which such City ortown is, by this Act, united for the purposes aforesaid; Qualification of which Officers respectively shall be as is herein after mentioned; and all Powers given and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to Conn al1 Power and proyffi ties at large, and the Militia thereof, and the registering the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants coumies6 and Officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said Cities and Towns, and the Mi tended to the sass Citks litia thereof, and the registering the said Qualifications, except only as to the Particulars herein ex and Towns; pressed and otherwise provided for; that is to say, After the Number of Persons which such City orc]icept> tilat after the Town is to furnish to the Militia shall have been appointed, as is herein after directed, by his Mais" 'm

jessy's lieutenant and (he Deputy Lieutenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the County at large, to, utl "1s a °point rtj> of the Militia whereof the Militia of such City ortown is, by this Act, made a Part; any two or Two Deputy Lieutenant,

more of the Deputy Lieutenants, within such City ortown, shall have and exercise all the Powers may exercise all the pow conferred by this Act on any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants togethereis c°nfer^d by the Art with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy lieutenant together with any two Justices of°"ntt'rt^c, Taty ilieu, e' the Peace of any County at large: And the Value of the respective Qualifications of the Deputy The Qualification for Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia of such Cities or Towns, shall be as follows; Every Deputy such Cities and Towns', Lieutenant and Field Officer shall respectively be seized or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, ofviz< ofa pe?u£y Lic, l'e the yearly Value of three Hundred Pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal Estate alone, or seized d

or possessed of real and personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of five thousand Pounds: " Pr

the Qualification of a Captain shall be alike Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred

6i 6

C 20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 176 r.

J j t,' anci owns as aforesaid bang, by this Act, declared to be Fart of tnc Militia ol

ther with them a the which such Cities and Towns are united for the Purposes aforesaid, the Militia General Exercise; Towns shall join the Militia of the County to which such Cities or Towns are fou:

of a Captain, ijol. per hundred and fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Personal ann' Estate alone, or seized or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of

Lieutenant cr Ensign, two thousand five hundred Pounds: and the Qualification of a Lieutenant or Ensign shall be a like 50l. per Ann. Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements

A Moiety of the Estates or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of seven hundred and fifty requisite to their level ai Pounds: One half of all which Real Estates respectively (except those for the Qualifications of Lieu'

'... " - the County at

and his Majesty's

County at laree to lucuiciiiuii.s mm iiicuiuei ivisguuaits VI iucu values or 1 qwns, uaijg vuunuts ill themselves, rc '.vhich they are united; spectively, shall, and they are hereby required to put the Powers conferred by this Act, for raising r.nd the Militia thereof to and training the Militia within such Cities or Towns, into Execution'; but the Militia of such Cities jom that of the County, ail(] Towns as aforesaid being, by this Act, declared to be Part of the Militia of the Counties to

s on tr» pvprrtlpn.

Inch Cities or united for the Pur

and when drawn out and poses aforesaid; and the whole Militia so joined together, shall be exercised together at the General embodied, to be deemed Exercise, and shall then, and also when drawn out and embodied, be deemed the Militia of the Part t, e; eof. County to which such Cities or Towns are united for the Purposes aforesaid.

fy^xii. And be it enacted, That when any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be drawn out and merimn tinie of z^ual emh°died, his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such Regiment or Invasion, or Rebellion, Battalion shall serve, may, upon account of Military Merit shown in Time of actual Invasion or though they want a pro actual Rebellion, promote any Officer therein fresh a lower to a higher Commission, inclusive of that per Qualification; of Lieutenant Colonel, notwithstanding he should not have the Qualifications requisite for his first h^eiier thari^' c^uin^ Admittance into such higher Rank in such Regiment or Battalion: Provided, That no Persons v.'rmwant^clalificadon not having the Qualification herein before directed for a Captain, shall be promoted to an higher Rank for that Rank. than that of Captain.

reclted qualifications not

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Qualifications above recited to enable any Person to be a to extend to commissions Deputy Lieutenant, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, shall not extend granted by the Con ft b e to such Commissions as shall be granted by his Majesty's Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets.

D, Ljeuts an! Office's

XIV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, from Time to Time, may be displaced at the as he and they Avail think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to his and their Lieutenants of any coun King's Pleasure; ty, Riding or Place, to displace all or any such Deputy Lieutenants and Officers; and thereupon his and others to be appoint majesty's respective Lieutenants shall appoint others within the same County, Riding or Place, under the like Qualifications, to feive in their Stead.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Deputy Lieutenant or Commission Officer in the Militia shall act as such, until he shall have left with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place, in and for which he shall be so appointed, his Qualification in Writing, signed syhimfelt; and such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to enter the same upon a Roll to be kept for that Purpose: every

nd they are to take the Deputy Lieutenant and Commission Officer not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and o.ths appointed by Act made, repeated, and subscribed the Declaration, as required by the said former Acts relating to the 1 Geo. 1. c. 15. Militia, shall, at some General Quarter Sessions, or in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths III and by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, entitled, sin Act for the further Security of his Majesty's perj tm and Government, and the Succcjfm of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protefants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended nd make 2nd subscribe Prince of Vales, and his open and secret Abettors, appointed to be taken, and sit all also make, repeat, the dechrac.on therein anc] {fibl cribe the Declaration in the said Act directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed by all Officers Civil and Military.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferred on Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, lieutenant colonels, or Majors (not being qualified as aforesaid) or shall not deliver in such Qualification, and take the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, as is herein before required, every such Person flail forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferred on Cap

an icapia ns and Subal tains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns (not being qualified as aforesaid) and shall not deliver in such qiiali urns ioo 1. - fication, and take the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, as is herein

before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Such several to be recovered m^any of pen?jljes to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's ^tt rc on mo^ty thcrccf Courts of Record at Westminster.; wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protection, or more than one L o o the Urufccutor. Imparlance shall be allowed.; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall fuc for the same, and the other Moiety to the Uses herein after directed.

Proof of Qualification in

XVII. And be it enacted, That in every Action, Suit, or Information brought against any Person for acting as a Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, 'Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, not being qualified as herein before is directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person against whom the same is brought. r mrv'i>

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

pointcvi)ep?[>»7: cnanube construed to extend, to restrain his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, from or commission oft.urs appointing any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, to be a Deputy Lieutenant, for the County whcm or Commission Officer in the Militia, within the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Peer, or Heir

Apparent

CD in their Rocm.

Qualifications to be sign eri, and let with the Clerk of the Peace to be enrolled, before they presume to at;

appointed.

Dep. Lieuts. and other Field Officers, acting, not being qualified, cr rot complying with the above Regulations, forfeit CO 1,

all Suits to Ire on the Defendant.

Peers, and Heirs r "nt of Peer, may heap

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20.

617

30

Apparent of such Peer, shall respectively have some Place of Reildence; or to oblige any Peer of this they reside;

Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer (so appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commission Officer and their Qualification respectively) to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place for which he shall ".^"xe^ckrk of the be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for every Peer of this Peace but rn taking Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, so appointed, and taking the Oaths, and making, repeating, theoa ths, c. they may and subscribing the Declaration aforesaid, to act as a Deputy Lieutenant or Commission Officer re aft without beingotlicr spectively, although he shall not be seized or possessed of any such Estate, in Manors, messuages, wise qualified.

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as is required by this Act.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Militia shall Acceptance of a Com

not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament. million does not vacate

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every County where the mi a eat m ar iament litia shall not be raised, the Lord Lieutenant of such County shall, within one Month before the Where the Militia is not General Quarter Sessions to be held at Christmas, and within one Month before the General Quarter

Sessions to be held next after Midsummer, in every Year, cause Advertisement to be published in the office^a Month before London Gazette, and the News Paper of such County, signifying the Want of Officers; and all Per theq.sefik ns atchrifi fons qualified to serve as Officers, and willing so to do, shall at any Time return their Names and mas and Mid ummer rr intention to the Lord Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, to any General Quarter Sessions for the County speftjwly; and Persons in which they propose to serve,

And whereas in several Counties and Places the Militia have not been raised in such man retur'n the; r Names, c. ' ner as was authorised by an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and several subsequent Acts, relative to the Raising of the Militia forces, by reason that a sufficient Number of Persons, qualified to act as Officers in the Militia, did not tender themselves to acceptcommissions in that Service; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Counties and Places where the Militia have not been raised by virtue and in pur Where the Militia hav fuance of the said former Acts, and where it shall not be raised by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, not been raised in pur the Sum of five Pounds shall Ee annually paid for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man herein geo^and oth^ fuk mentioned to be raised within the same; and that his Majesty's Lieutenant of every such County and sequent Ash relating Place respectively, or any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expiration of every Year in thereto, or shall not be which the Militia for such County and Place shall not have been raised from and after the passing of ra>/ed in pursuance of this Act, shall, from Year to Year, certify the same in Writing under his or their Hands, and also th, s 5 periv?'in> the whole Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds /itrman to be raised on such County as afore ever^ruchco^mv^&c/ said, to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions next held after the full End and and Certificates thereof, Accomplishment of the said Year for such respective County or Place; and the Justices of the Peace, and of the Sums there so assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions, where such Certificate shall be produced, shall forth upon due, are to be re with rate and afiefs on the said County the Sum and Sums mentioned in such Certificate: And such ^fh^q.vef

Sum and Sums shall be rated and assessed in such and the same Manner, and according to such and fions. an the justfcev the same Proportions, upon every Town, Parish, and Place within the said County, and be collected, are forthwith to rate and received, levied and paid, and be accounted for by the Persons making such Collections, in such afre(s the Sums so certi manner and by such Means, with such Powers of Distress, and other Remedies for enforcing the ^ed' in Pke manner as Collection and Payment thereof, and for punishing all Persons whose Duty it shall be to collect Gr Lounty ates> account for the same, and shall make Default therein, as the County Rates have been usually, or may, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the by Act Geo. may more easy ajfcffing, collecting, and levying of County Rates, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, be rated and afilfied, e. be assessed, collected, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, within the said County: And such Rates or Assessments, when received, shall be, from Time to Time, paid by the Treasurer or Trea and the Treasurer of the furers of such Counties to the Receivers General thereof; and the Receipt of such Receiver Ge County is to pay over neral shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Payment of such genertf cce ver Moneys.

XXII. Provided always, That the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by such Justices of The (ad Rates to be the Peace at the said General or Quarter Sessions in pursuance of this Act, shall be made, assessed, made, levied, and paid, collected, received, levied and paid, separately and diltindlly from all the other County Rates assessed distmftly from all other and raised upon and within the said County; anything in the said Act made in the twelfth Year Of County Rates, hisdate majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Pa After Notice given of the rochial Officers, or other Persons, who shall pay or be liable to pay the Rates or Assessments, which Amount of therates, the shall be made and rated for the Purpose of this Act, upon any Parish, Town and Place; and also all ito rate anct^evytl^e such Parochial Officers and Persons, upon whom any such Rate or Assessment shall be levied, shall Moneys byadifiinstrate and may, from Time to Time, after Notice shall be given of the Amount of the Rate or Assessment, and assesstment upon the upon such Town, Parish or Place, either before the Payment thereof by such Parochial Officers or r.cfpe£l: ive, r^owns>'^a persons, or after the same shall have been actually paid by or levied upon such Officers or Persons, llftes andl>, acesi rate and levy such Moneys, by a separate and difiindl Rate and Assessment, upon every such respective

Town, Parish or Place, in such Manner and Proportion, and with such Powers for Recovery thereof, as any other County Rate maybe assessed or levied: And that every Tenant or Occupier of any and Tenants and Occu* House, Land, Tithe, Tenement or Hereditament, who shall pay any Rate or assesstment to be made P: ers pa)ink the fime, in pursuance of this Act by such respective Parochial Officers or Persons, within any such Town, are to be aiiovvc d what Parish or Place, or upon whom any such Rate or Assessment shall be levied, shall and may deduct the FJ' "

same out of his or her Rent, and shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as such Rates VOL.VIII. 4 K or

6i 8

C 20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

or Assessments shall, from Time to Time, amount unto, as fully and effectually as if such Money had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Rent is or shall be payable; and such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to allow, from Time to Time, such Deductions, upon Receipt of the Residue of the Rent.

Agreement between

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained, shall vacate any Covenant or Landlord ?nj Tenant not Agreement contained in any Lease between Landlord and Tenant, where the Estate leased is not let leafelns " at rackrent; and that no Landlord of any Estate which shall not be let at Rack Rent, shall be

K'V n^v' a'to °bbged or compellable to allow to any Tenant any Money which he or she shall pay towards any allow only in proportion County Rate, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, but in proportion only to the Rent such to the Rent he receives. Landlord shall receive from his Tenant. ' 1

Where the Militia for '

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where a certain Number of Private any County, together Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with any City or Town being a County bcin 'tjoiinvo/itfcu i^hf, and the Militia has not been or shall not be raised for such County, and City or Town, the is rot nifed, 'the sum 0; Payment of the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, upon the whole Number of Private Militia Men 5l. per Man is n beap so directed to be raised as aforesaid, shall be divided and apportioned between such County, and such poi tinned between them, City or i'own being acounty of itself, in such Proportion as the respective £hiotas paid to the Land w sich Propcrimn as Tax by the said County, and by the said City and Town being a County of itself, bear to each thetan^ta^bear^o £°ot^er 5 tinless an Apportionment of the said Number of Private Militia Men shall actually have been each otherp but ifan ap made in pursuance of the Lists directed to be returned by the said former Adbs, or by this present poiticnment of themer. Adb, in which Case the said Sum of five Pounds per Man shall be born by such County, and by Hull have been made, the such City or Town being a County of itself, in such Proportion as the respective Numbers of by thentin fimh Propor Men apportioned to be raised by such County, and by such City or Town, bear to each

tion as the xurr.bers of Other.

Men to be raised by them respectively bear to each other.'

Receiver General to pay

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, tl)at the Receiver-general of the

over the said County Lan(1 T

axe for such respective Counties or Places, to whom such Money shall be paid by the trea ijnttax, E 1 into thj'e1 rer or Treasurers of such Counties as aforesaid, shall pay the same, together with the Moneys chequer, distinguishing arising from the Land Tax in such County, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at jveji the Moneys payable on mirjicr, and distinguish upon every such Payment the Moneys received by virtue of this Adb; and this Act j the lame to be Moneys so paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from

ever b^he'treafuf ^u>d other Moneys, and shall be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or by the Commissioners for exe

the Treasurers ov such cuting the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, to the Counties as shall have Treasurers of such Counties as have raised or shall raise their Militia, in proportion to the Number raised their Militia, in cf Men raised or to be raised by each County respectively, to be by them made Part of the County km^tobs' Stoc1, C 5 and the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High puitof the countys^ock. Treasurer for the Time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required nodedudiontobemadeto apportion and issue the said Money so received accordingly; and no Allowance or Deduction, trom the Moneys so paid fhjl be made from or out of the said Sums of Money so paid into the Exchequer on any Account mo the Exchequer. Whatsoever.

Where the Militia of any

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, That if the Militia shall be raised in the Manner appointed by County, &c. shall fce virtue Gf this Act, for all or any of the said Counties or Places, such respective Counties and Places rch^mim13nw beexo during the Time the Militiajirc so raised, be exonerated, freed, and discharged from the Pay

m

during such Time,

be

the said Sums:

j.d. Lieutenant may act as Colonel to any Regimen:, &c. frr which no Ccloncl is appoinud, but may net act to more than one at a Time

rated from Payment ofment of the said Sums, and the Aftest ments to be made in respedb thereof shall, suspended; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place to adb as a Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, for and during such Time or Times as there shall not be any Colonel appointed for the Command of the same Regiment or Battalion; but no Lieutenant shall at any one Time act as a Colonel to more than one Regiment or Battalion, and if the Command be

XXIX. And be it enacted, That where his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or place a bat aiion, he store shall, under the Powers given by this Act, fei vc as Colonel to anybody of Militia by this Act deemed onl'c ^and no other pr a ^att'l'*on only, he shall not, when such Battalion shall be embodied and in adb tal Service, be entitled fc/is'to serv° or be imito or receive any other Pay than that of a Lieutenant Colonel; and that no other Person whatsoever tied to Pay as'lt. Col shall serve or be entitled to Pay as a Lieutenant Colonel in such Battalion, during the Time that his while he serves as Col. majesty's said Lieutenant shall serve therein as Colonel.

At the End of rvrry 4

XXX. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant, together with any three Deputy Lieu yc r, onel 'icldofficcro tenants of any County, Riding or Place, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absenec of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any five Deputy Lieutenants, shall, at the End of every four Years, at their ti/hjitvrb r nk.squai Annual Meeting, in case the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place shall not be then embodied, to the Number of Per discharge some one Field Office, of each Regiment or Battalion, and such a Number of Officers of font who shall luvc bceneach inferior Rank as shall be equal to thcnu Tiber of Persons who shall have given Notice in writing returned as willing to ro |, js majesty's Lieutenant, one Month at least before such Meeting, that they are willing to serve as

cr\e, »reto C 1 uia.^cd.pje]jofficers, Captains, Lieutenants orensigns, as the Case may require. Th Number of such va XXXI Provided, That the Number of Vacancies to be made shall

Officers, who shall have served for the Space of four Years

reis not to exert. .1 one fti^h Thud in cj<.h Rank. lively

not exceed one Third of in each Rank respec

XXXII.

Anno ifecundo Georgii III.

C 20.

619

Officer who has served 4. Years, may offier to lvrve in a higher Rank, if Qualified.

An Adjutant maybe appointed by the King to each Regiment, ice. out of his Majesty's other Forces, or embodied Militia; and if appointed out of his Majesty's'other Forces, he is to keep his Rank therein, and may holl a Subaltern Commission without a Qualification.

Militia Officer exempted from serving as Sheiift'.

Officers quirting their halt pay to serve in the Militia, upon quitting the Militia, or unembodied, are to be restored to half-pay again.

Sergeants may be appointed by the King out of his Majesty's other Forces, or embodied Militia, in the Proportion of 1 Sergeant to zo Private Men, 2 or more to every Company.

XXXII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall prevent any Officer who has served four Years from offering himself to serve in an higher Rank, if he be qualified as this Act requires to serve in such higher Rank.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may and shall appoint one proper Person who shall have served, or shall, at the Time of such Appointment, actually serve in foine of his Majesty's other.forces, or in any Corps of Militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, in each County, Riding, or Place respectively; and such Adjutant, if appointed out of his Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the said Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army, in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service: And it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, to grant unto the Adjutant to each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, a Commission of Lieutenant, or any inferior Commission therein, although such Adjutant shall not have an Estate to qualify him for such Commission as is required by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That no Person, during the Time he is adiing as a Militia Officer, shall be obliged to serve the Office of Sheriff.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That any Person who has quitted or shall quit his half-pay, to serve as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, shall, upon his quitting the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, or upon the unembodying thereof, be restored to his half-pay; such half-pay to recommence from the lait quarter day, or Day of Payment next preceding.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may and shall appoint, according to the Proportion of one Sergeant to twenty.private Men, two or more proper Persons to be Sergeants to every Company in the said Militia, out of and from his Majesty's other Forces; such Persons Having served in the said Forces for the Space of one Year next preceding their Appointment to be Sergeants; or may appoint such other Persons to be Sergeants, as have formerly served for the Space of one Year in iffs majesty's said Forces; or out of or Irom any Corps of Militia that has been drawn out and embodied; which Sergeants so appointed shall take the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Oath to be taken by Majesty King George, his Heirs and Successors: And I do swear that I am a Protestant, and Sergeants.

that I will faithfully serve as a Sergeant in the Militia, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged.'

And the Service in the Militia of such Persons so appointed out of his Majesty's said other Forcesj ^fa3'eft01"^th shall entitle them to the Benefit of Ghelfca Hospital, in the same Manner as if they had continued to Forces aritintitled to serve in the said Forces; and every Person appointed to be a Sergeant out of the Pensioners on the chelsea Hospita], and Establishment of Chelsea Hospital', shall be entitled to be, and shall be, put again upon the said Efta Pensioners of the said

blishment, after he shall be discharged from the Service of the Militia; provided he brings a Certifi madeserjeants,

cate of his good Behaviour, under the Hand of the Colonel, or Commanding Officer of the Regi p^duci^certtfimtesof mentor Battalion in which he shall have served: his Majesty's Lieutenant shall, from Time tog00d Behaviour.

Time, as Occaffon shall require, appoint a Clerk to each Regiment or Battalion; and the Colonel Ld. Lieut, to appoint a of the Regiment or Battalion, or, where there is no Colonel, the Lieutenant Colonel, or, where Regimental cjerk, and there is no Colonel or Lieutenant Colonel, the Major, shall appoint a Sergeant Major out of the Ser the c°1°lle1, &cj lser'

j TM AT <- TA " J J J leaned Major, and Drum

jeants, and a Drum Major out of the Drummers. _ Major, to each Regim.

XXXVII nd be it cnadfted, That no Person who shall keep any House of public Entertain alehouse keepers dif

mentor who shall sell any Ale, Wine, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be qualified ftom being ser capable of being appointed or continuing a Sergeant in the Militia. jeants.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Captain of every Company of Militia may and shall ap captain may appoint?. point two Persons to be Drummers or Fifers to his Company, who, when so appointed, and having j^ummers or Fifers to received any Pay as such, shall be deemed to be engaged, and shall be compellable to serve in the ilc ornpan> > fume Regiment or Battalion, until legally discharged; and may and shall appoint Corporals out of the

Private Men of his Company, in the Proportion of one Corporal to twenty Private Men; and may^d t Corporal to 20 displace such Drummers, Fifers, and Corporals respectively, for Misbehaviour, and appoint others in [1 ^'so^m^oeh four's their Room, from Time to Time, as he shall see Occaffon; and may and shall appoint (with the He mavalfo, with Leave Approbation of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, the Lieutenant Colonel, or, where there or the Colonel, fill up is no Colonel or Lieutenant Colonel, the Major, of the Regiment or Battalion) Sergeants out of the Vacancies cfserjeants Private Men of the Regiment or Battalion, to fill up such Vacancies of Sergeants as may happen out of th kanks. therein; which Sergeants so appointed, shall take the like Oath as is herein before required to be ^'7 e

taken by Sergeants appointed by his Majesty (which Oath any one Deputy Lieutenant, or in case" un appoin 'the Regiment or Battalion then happening to be embodied should be in any other County, Riding, or Place, any one Justice of the Peace thereof, are hereby, respectively authorised to administer) and They may be displaced that it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, being ajy, 0"aftppl, cau0!1 the Field Officer, upon the Application of the Captain, to displace Sergeants. -'am.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person who is or shall be appointed out Sergeants from the amy

of or from any Company of his Majesty's other Forces, to be a Sergeant in the Militia, and shall be notreftorcd

for any mipoehaviour reduced into the Ranks, and shall not in one month's Time after such Reduc within a Month, are to

a K 2 ti'on

620

C

20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 176r.

County, see.

be returned to the Corps tion be restored, he shall be returned to the Company from which he was taken in his Majesty's other from whence they were porces, and shall there serve as a Private Man; and any Person who is or shall be appointed a Ser ranksand krve in the jeant in the Militia, out of or from any Company of Militia, shall and maybe reduced into the Sergeants made from the Ranks for Misbehaviour, and shall serve in the Ranks of such Company wherein he served before Militia may be reiuced such Appointment, for such furthertime as shall complete his three Years Service as a Private mili into the Ranks for Mif tja Man; and in case there be no Vacancy in such Company, he shall serve in any other Company behaviour. the Regiment or Battalion.

The lnliftin!' of a Ser

XL. And be it enacted, That if any Sergeant, Drummer, or Fifer, shall enlist in any of his ma ieant, Drummer, or jesty's other Forces, such Enlisting shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

Filer, into his Majesty's other so ces, declared void.

Number of Private Men

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this act, in to be raised in each that part Of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed (exclusive of the Places herein after excepted) shall be.

For the County of Bedford, four hundred.

For the County of Berks, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Bucks, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cornwall, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

Fof the County of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand six hundred.

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool, six hundred and forty. For the County of Durham, four hundred.

For the County of Essex, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the City of Bristol, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Lancaster, eight hundred.

For the County of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

For the County of Middlesex, exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, one thousand six hundred.

For the County of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Northampton, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Oxford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Salop, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Somerset, eight hundred and forty.

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Suffolk, nine hundred and sixty. V

For the County of Surrey, eight hundred.

For the County of Sussex, eight hundred.

For the County of jearwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, six hundred and' forty.

For the County of wc/hnoreland, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, five hundred and sixty.

ptr the County of Wilts, eight hundred.

P'or the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, one thousand two hundred and forty

I Pori

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 20. £21

For the North Riding of the said County, seven hundred and twenty

And for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of King Ren upon Hull, four hundred.

For the County of Flnglefea, eighty.

For the County of Brecknock, one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, two hundred.

For the County of Carnarvon, eighty.

For the County of Denbigh, two hundred and eighty.

For the County of Flint, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of gla?norgan, three hundred and sixty.

For the County of Merioneth, eighty.

For the County of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Pembroke with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford West, one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Radnor, one hundred and twenty.

XLII. And be it enacted, That in all Counties, Ridings and Places, where the Militia has not Where the Militia has been raised, his Majesty's Lieutenant for every such County, Riding and Place, together with any not bccn raised, a gene two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and, on the Death or Removal, or, in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall meet at some city or principal Town deputies; 'orjn theld. of the County, Riding or Place, for which they shall be commissioned, on the second cfuefday in lieutenant's Absence, by May in every Year and if there should happen to be no such Meeting on that Day, then his Ma 3 Deputies, on the 2d jesty's said Lieutenant, or, on his Death or Removal, or, in his Absence, any three or more Deputy*"

Lieutenants, shall summon, or cause to be summoned, another Meeting to be held at the same l^this then a Meeting City or principal Town, on a Day to be fixed by such Summons; of which Day and lace Notice; s to beteld by sum shall be given in the London Gazette and also in any Weekly Paper usually circulated (if any such' monsand Advertisement. there be) within the same County or Riding, fourteen Days at least before the holding of such Meeting: And his Majesty's said Lieutenant, or, on his Death or Removal, or, in his Absence, any three At their first General or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall, at their first General Meeting, appoint Subdivisions of the De Meetmff, the sobdivi puty Lieutenants within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, and the Times and Places for fh"time^an'd phcevtor their first Meetings within the said Subdivisions respectively; and the Time and Place for a second fuft Meetings General Meeting; and shall issue out their Orders to the chief Constable, and, where there is no therein, nre to be settled chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other and af 3 2d General Divisions, within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, to require, by Orders under their ^ieetlns appointed:

Hands, the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of each Pavifti, Tything or Place, rorthl c'onft^bks"'to^c within. their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to return to the turn Lists of all Perform Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Day appointed at within their districts, the said first General Meeting, fair and true Lists, in Writing, of the Names of all the Men usually between the Ages of 18 and at that Time dwelling within their respective Parishes, Tythings and Places, between the Ages and 45 Ycarsi of eighteen and fortyfive Years, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations; and where distinguishing their re -- the true Names of such Persons cannot be procured, the common Appellation of such Persons shall spe£lve Ranks and Oche sufficient; and which of the persons so returned labour under any Infirmities, incapacitating them cupat ons, c. from serving as Militia Men; having first affixed a true Copy of such List on the Door of the Church Copy of the List to be f or Chapel belonging to such Parish, Tything or Place, and if any Place shall hae no Church or fi ed on the Door 01 the Chapel belonging thereto, on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parifl or Place thereto b^forrther* adjoining, on some Sunday Morning before they flail make such Return, which Sunday shall be three turn is made, with No days at the least before the said Meeting; and also Notice in Writing, at the Bottom of such List, tice of the Day and Place of the Day and Place of such Meeting, and that all Persons who flail think themselves aggrieved, of Meeting; that per may then appeal, and that no Appeal will be afterwards received: And on the Day and at the Place fons ac&ricted ma>'lhcn so respectively appointed as aforesaid, for the Returns of the Lists, the Constables, Tythingmen,

Headboroughs, or other Officers respectively, flail attend and verify the said Return upon Oath; conjstables to attend the and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants Returns, and verily the together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two say °? oath. of the Peace, so assembled in their Subdivisions, flail (a: ter hearing any Person who flail ^e^rd and fculed^and think himself aggrieved by having his Name inserted in such Lists, or by any others being omitted.) Persons excepted by rie diretft such Lists to be amended as the Case flail require, and also the Names of all Persons by this Act struckout, thedep, aft respectively excepted, to be struck out of the said Lists, and flail appoint the Times and Places Lieuts. are todired the for their second Meetings within their respective Subdivisions, and flail return to the second General llfts to bekan^nded' aid Meeting all the Lists for the several Pariftes, Tythings and Places, so amended: At which said second j>n°es for thefttd Sub general Meeting his Majesty's Lieutenant together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and division Meetings; and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence, of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three os more Deputy return the amended Lists Lieutenants, flail order Copies to be made of all the said Lists, and such Copies to be returned to to the 2d ?cnhetp mctr"f the Deputy Lieutenants at their second Meetings within their Subdivisions, wherein the Parifles, kfivar^to be made Tythings and Places, for which such Lists are made and returned, are respectively situate; flail ut, to be returned to the appoint what Number of Men in each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Divi Dep. Lieuts. at their z<p ft on, flail serve in the said Militia, towards raising the Number of Militia Men by this Act directed Subdivision Meetings;

—. and the Number of Men

whitbshall feive out

62

C

20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

to be raised for such respective County, Riding or Place, in proportion to the whole Number con the respectlvs Hundreds, tained in such Lifts: And the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two cis tobethenap j}eputy Lieutenants together with any cnejustice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant to d^ljeu ten ants at their gctner with any two justices of the Peace, assembled at their laid second Meetings within the said act Subdivision Meetings, Subdivisions, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tything and Place, or are to appoint the Num Parishes, Tythings and Places, in proportion to the Number appointed at the second General meet ber ot Men that thill ing to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division; if a propernumber serve in c.ich lhinfli, Qj. Officers be then appointed, shall appoint another Meeting to be held within three Weeks in the herr appoin tei° vnv eathfarns Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the chef Conibble, or other Officer of the respective Hundred, c. and it a Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to the proper Number of Offi constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of each Parish, Tything or Place,

revs be then aesointed.

or

s Parishes, Tythings or Places within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other held within three Weeks Divisions, of the Number of Men so appointed to serve for such respective Pari fit, Ty thing or Place, and Ordei's ifllied, fcrno or Parishes, Tythings or Places, and of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and tyre to be given to the the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together Constables of the: Num with any one Justice of the Peace, or anyone Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of erot Mm appointed to tjlc peace assembled in pursuance of such Appointment, shall! cause the Number of Men appointed

ierve, and of the Time r r, r*", .'. -, T r 1 t n t n

and Place of the nextto serve as aforesaid, except as herein after excepted, to oe chosen by Lot out of the Lust or Huts re £ubdivision Mec: ing; a: turned for such Parish, Tything, or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or Places; and shall appoint which the Men are to be another meet.ng to be held within three Weeks in the same Subdivision; and shall issue out an chosen by Lot out of me qr(ler to - he Chief conftr.ble, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, wapen ing isto be°apj, V r.t' \ takes, or other Divisions, to direct the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of and Orders ifiueviorj/'each Pari Hi, Tything, or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Militia, to ing timely Nonce to: i. appear at such Meeting; which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode, at leaf! seven Persons chosen then^tojjays before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tythinman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall! bh.pe are to rende a"atteiu^ such Meeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served;

vouch the notices t0 and every Person so chosen by Lot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, the Men to take' the following Oath; that is to say,

Oath following;

and there take the

and to be enrolled for 3 Years,

or provide fit Substitutes,

who shall take the said oj'.h, and f; gn theiron sent to ivrve for the faij Term. 'I hole who refuse to attend an 1 be in rrlled, or to provide fit Subfiimtts, no: he ng (Quakers, forfeit id. and at the End of 3 Years are liable to feive again, or provide a Subllitiite. Specification of Persons exempted from Service in the Militia by thunselves or Subrtitulcs.

The Litis for 1 or more Tarilhis may be un ted by the Dep, Lieutenants, and proceeded upon as it orginally returned for one Parish.

Churchwarden;, Arc. with Consentcf thcvcf try, may provide and tepder Voluntiers;

T <4 B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, his Heirs, and successors: And I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

(which Oath any one Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorised to administer) and shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such respective County, Riding, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of three Years, in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose; shall provide a fit Person, to be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, then met, to serve as his Substitute; which substitute so provided and approved, shall take the said Oath, and sign on the said Roll his Consent to serve as his Substitute during the said Term: And if any Person so chosen by Lot to serve in the Iviilitia (not b ing one of the People called Quakers) flrall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath, and lign his Consent to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so refilling or neglecting shall! forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and at the Expiration of three Years be liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person who shall serve as a Commission Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in his Majesty's other orccs, or in any one of his Majesty's Castles or Forts; nor any Non commission Officer or Private Man fervingin any of his Majesty's other Forces; nor any Commission Officer serving, or who has served, four Years in the Militia; nor any Person being a Member of either of the Universities; any Clergyman; nor ar.y licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation; nor any Constable, or other such Peace Officer; nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or Seafaring Man; nor any Person mustered, trained, and doing Duty, in any of his Majesty's Docks, for the Service thereof; nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames; nor any poor Man who has three Children born in Wedlock; shall be compelled to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful for any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with anyone Justice of the icace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Subdivisions, to add together, whensoever they shall think necessary. The Lists for two or more Parishes, Tythings, or Places, and proceed upon such Lists, added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, Tything, or Place, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Lot, within such Subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if the Church wardens or Overseers, or Churchwarden or over fecr, of any Parish, Tything, or Place, or of two or more Parishes, T things, or Places, so added together as aforesaid, shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants of the Parish or Parishes, To wnship or

Townships,

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20.

62

Townships, Hamlet or Place, taken at a Vestry, or at any other Meeting for such Parish, town ship, Hamlet, or Place, to be held for tha Purpose, provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or to any two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, at their Meetings within their respective Subdivisions for choosing the Militia Men by Lot, any Voluntier or Vounteers, and such Voluntier or Vounteers shall be approved by the said andiuch of them nsihau Deputy Lieutenants and Justices so met as aforesaid, they, or such of them as shall be approved, shall an^inrolled';

be then and there sworn in and enrolled; and the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, within their and fn m'any persons on respective Subdivisions, shall cause only such a Number of Persons to be chosen by Lot out of the ly shall be chosen out of Liltor Lists returned for such Parish, Typing or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or Places, as afore the Lists, as shall be then said, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish, Tything or £: inc?d comp^at the Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or Places as aforesaid: if such Churchwarden or Overseer, or " 0 erve 01 Churchwardens or overs.ers, shall give to such Voluntier or Vounteers any Sum or Sums of Money Money paid to volun to serve in the Militia for such Parish, Tything, or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or Places, tiers for serving, to be it may and shall be lawful for such Churchwarden or Overseer, or Churchwardens or Overseers, tq reisj, '-, rfed the chi!r'\h make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of such Parish, Tything, or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or^'£ee, ns y a paroc u Places, by the Rate they now use in making the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; which Rate being approved by two Justices of the Peace, it may and shall be lawful for such Churchwarden or Overseer, or Churchwardens or Overseers, to collet such Rate, and reimburse themselves such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall have paid with the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Parish or Parishes, Townships or Places, assembled as aforesaid, to such Volun Overplus of the Rate to tier or Vounteers as aforesaid; the Overplus, if any, shall be applied as Part of the Poors Rate; be applied to the poor's and if any Person shall refuse to pay the Sum of Money he shall be so rated, it may and shall be^fce* lawful for any one Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made by such Churchwarden or]c^da^d offtref^and* Overseer, or Churchwardens or Overseers, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the famesa]e. but balloted per by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus, if any, after fons who have served, or the said Rate, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be paid; but no balloted Person who shall be serving, by them shall have served himself, or by Substitute, three Years, or who shall be then serving himself, or byft; lies pr 'substitutes* Substitute, in the Militia, shall be liable to pay to such Rates.

XLVI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall think himself or her Persons aggrieved by such, self aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions, in like Rates may appeal.' Manner as is provided in the Case of Appeals against Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall The Churchwardens are be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia for any Parish, Tything, or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, to p3y wkh, n or Places, and such Person shall be sworn and enrolled, or shall provide a fit Person to serve as 1 is Sub b diofc^b^lotand institute who shall be sworn and enrolled, the Churchwarden or Overseer, or Churchwardens or Over roj]edj or prov; de seers, of such Parish, Tything, or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or Places, shall, within one fit Substitutes, (if the Month after the Time of such (Wearing or inrolling of the Man so chosen by Lot, or of the Substi Regiment be then embo tute respectively, pay to every such Person so chosen by Lot, if the Regiment or Battalion in which dead) such Sum not ex" be, or his Substitute, shall serve, shall be then embodied, any such Sum of Money not exceedingcee ing 5' five Pounds, as three Deputy Lieutenants, or two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice, or one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices, in whose Presence such Person shall be chosen by Lot, shall adjudge to be, as near as maybe, one half of recurrent Price then paid for a Voluntier inas awh be adjudged one the County or Riding where such Person shall be so chosen by Lot; which said Sum of Money shall be taken out of the Rate to be made as aforesaid for providing and producing Vounteers; or, in casetpb). Money to belaid no Vounteers shall be provided or produced by the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Churchwarden out of the Voluntier or Overseer, of any Parish, Tything, or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or Places then out of a Rate, or a Rate made: Rate to be made by the Rule aforesaid. for that Pu, p°fe>

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, That if such Man so chosen by Lot, and serving for himself, shallif hie Person chofon by within one Month after his Inrolment, be disapproved of and discharged by the Officer commanding ^jtand enrolled, shall be the Regiment or Battalion, no such Sum shall be paid to the Person so chosen by Lot, but shall be aarpged° within The'" paid, in manner abovesaid, to the next Person chosen by Lot in his Stead; and if the Substitute he Month, the Money foall shall have found be disapproved in manner abovesaid, then no such Sum to be paid to the Man so not be pfijtohim, but chosen by Lot, in manner abovesaid, unless he shall serve himself, or shall find another Substitute. to the next Person chosen

XLIX. Provided always, That no Person so chosen by Lot as aforesaid, shall be entitled to one rame r^le63^ to3be ob half of the said current Price of a Voluntier, without the Order of the Persons aforesaid, before served; case of sub whona. the said Person was chosen by Lor, expressed under their Hands. stitutes; and no Money

is to be paid on that Head, but by an Order of the Dep. Lieutenants before whom the Persons were chosen

L And be it enacted, That if any Servant hired, by the Year or othewife, shall serve in the Mi Hired Servants serving litia, it shall and may be lawful for one Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him on Oath in the Militia, upon ap by such Servant, to order so much of his Wages, as shall appear to such Justice to be due to such P': <jat on to a Justice Servant, to be immediately paid him by his Mailer or Employer, in proportion to the Service he has due^thern Wages

performed, under the Contract or Agreement made between them at the Time such Servant was 1

hired; and the said Justice shall proceed therein in the same manner as is directed by an at passed injust>5e to proceed therein the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting ^w^geo!*. ° y Z more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of suck Servants, and of certain Apprentices, '.

4*LI

C

20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

None hut Churchwar

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it dens and Overseers may shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever (other than such Churchwardens and traftvotnd mnifvb^m" Overseers as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid) to contract, undertake, or agree, with any per fun/ personv from serve f°n or Persons, for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Consideration or Reward, to indem ingin the Militia, or to nify or insure any Person or Persons liable to serve in the Militia, against serving therein, or in like provide Substitutes, or manner to contract, undertake, or agree, to provide a Substitute or Substitutes for any Person or dicriof6 iol> n llcu persons who may be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, or to pay the Penalty of ten Pounds by this Act laid upon any Person chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, and who shall refuse or neglect on Penalty of forfeiting to appear, and take the Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute; if any Person Jo: }l shall offend herein, every such Person hall, for every such Contrail:, Undertaking, or Agreement,

forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager One Moiety thereof to go of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be io the Prosecutcr, and applied to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish the other t the Poor t wherein the Offence shall be committed; and every such Contrail, Undertaking, or Agreement, is trail to be void °" hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

The above clause not to LII. Provided, That, nothing herein before contained, shall extend to prevent any Person who prevent Persons chosen shall have been aitually chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, from procuring, by himself or others, !, y^ from procuring a proper Person to serve as his Substitute.

lives^nor Persons otthe

LIII. Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall extend to prevent Persons of the same Parish, same, 'cr neighbouring Township, Tything, or Place, or of two or more Parishes, Tythings, or Places, added, or which Parishes, from subscrib may be added together, for the Purposes of this Act, from entering into Subscriptions amongst theming for ards paying joint selves, for paving jointly for any Substitute or Substitutes who may be provided for any one or more fy lor subftiru.e?, in the tjlc subscribing Persons, on whom the Lot may fall.

istli be chosen by lct.

LIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled to serve.in the Militia as Volun hired volur.tier or sub tier or Substitute, shall have received any Sum of Money from any Person whatsoever for such ser fhcute ir.lufing in the vice, and shall be infilled to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, such Enlisting shall be, and the same Army, such inhfhng isjs hereby declared to be, null and void, until the said Militia Man, or the Officer with whom he morl vteraurncd^oth.iinhft, filial] have paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, Overseers of the Parhh, for which the said Militia Man served, the full Sum he received for such his Service; which Sum filial] which is to be laid out be laid out by such Overseer or Overseers, in or towards the providing another fit Person to serve in the l>y them m providing a Militia, for the Space of three Years, 'in the Place of the Militia Man so enlisted into his Majesty's other Person; Forces: And in case the Money so received shall not he sufficient to provide another fit Person to serve ent there to" bear' as aforesaid, such Overseer or.uverfters shall be reimbursed such further Sum cr Money as he shall imbursed the additional pay for providing such other fit Person, in the same manner as is directed by this Act upon the pro expense by a Rate, and viding of Vounteers: And in case the Money so received shall exceed the Sum expended in provid acccount for the Surplus ing such fit) erson as aforesaid, the Surplus shall be accounted for by such Overseer or Overseers, and such hired Voluntier^ muc^ Money in his or their Hands for the Purposes of«providing Vounteers for such 'parish or or' Substitute foinlirting, Parishes, Place or Places: And in case such Militia Man shall not, at the Time of his Enlisting, not informing the Officer inform the Officer with whom he inlists, that he is: a Militia Man, and for what Parish, Tything, or of his being in the mip place, or Parishes., Tythings, or Places, he serves, and shall be thereof convicted upon Oath, b. c. 5o\hisc^o "] fore any one Justice of the Peace, it may and., shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby re tio.n nnt exceeding threeft11'1^ by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Militia Man to the House of Cor mornhs. redtion for any 'time not exceeding three Months.

Sergeant, Drummer, or

LV. And be it enacted, That if any Sergeant, Drummer, or Fifer, serving in the Militia, shall, i*ifer, beatipg up for vo in any City, Town, or Place, beat up for Vounteers to serve in the Militia, the Person who shall th^perfor^w ho ai'e't'he2ive Sergeant, Drummer, or Fifer, Orders for so doing, shall, upon Proof of Inch Beating up Ordersforfeits 20l. one' m.d. such Orders given, upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Moiety to the informer, twenty Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the use of the Person who shall make in and the other to the reformation thereof before any Justice of the Peace of such Beating up for Vounteers, and the other s eav1 no 1 tcchtmoiety shall he applied as Part of the Stock belonging to the Regiment or Battalion to which such lag who "ave such Or Sergeant, Drummer, or Fifer, shall belong: And if such Sergeant, Drummer, or Fifer, shall refuse drrs, is to be committed to declare, upon Oath, before such Justice, from whom he received such Orders, it may and shall to the House of Correc be lawful for. such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to com tion no: exceeding three mjt such Sergeant, Drummer, or Fifer, to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding

Months. .1 T, f 1'7 j a

While themiiitia is out" 1 C< m°lltl13, ., T

of its proper County, no I /vi. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Officer or jnon commiluon Ufficer in the

l'erson may fcecr, gauged tomilitia shall, during the Time the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in which lie 'serve therein, who is not fcrvcs, shall be out of the County, Riding, or Place, to which they belong, engage any Person to

U r^mentt0bc7ongs Cerve as Mast i stich res mcnc Battalio

lion or Independent Company, unless Inch Person To engaged shall be a Native of the County to which the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs.

a General Meeting of

LVII. And be it enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Militia the Ld. Lieutenant and has keen or shall be raised, his Majesty's Lieutenant of every such County, Riding, and Place, to

with any two or more Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence, of his day in May, or oaour, majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall meet annually oil the last as null be judged me ft Tirjday in A Jay, or on the last Turf day in Odiobrr, as they shall think moult convenient for tlu duejci)vcnicnt. Execution of this Act; and Avail appoint the Times and Places for holding four or more subdivifioii

Meetings

A. 1761.*

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20.

625

Meetings of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace in every Year and shall cause newlifts in the te^nmaes several Parishes, Tythings, and Places, to be made and returned to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices Voiding 4 v/moitsuh of the Peace at the first of the said Subdivision Meetings, in the same manner as Lists are herein before di division Meetings, and rented to be made and returned in Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Militia has not been raised. for the Returns of new

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if the List of any Parish, Tything, or Place, shall be lost or de j^13 \° the filft of tbofs stroyed, it may and shall be lawful for any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieute w^erc^ny List shall be nants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any onedeputylieutenant together with any two lost or destroyed, the D. Justices of the Peace, in their Subdivisions, to cause a new List in such Parish, Tything, or Place, Lieutenants are to order to be made, and returned to them at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same manner as the List new ones, 0 be, made lost or destroyed was caused to be made and returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting and tll "r nexe

° Subdivision Meeting.

of Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants.

LIX. And be it enacted, That the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, orde?. Lieutenants are to any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieute b°ld tjei'r Subdivision nant together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall meet in their several Subdivisions at the Times Meetings purfoantto the appointed at the General Meetings of his Majesty's Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants; And if any nera^ Meeting private Militia Man shall show just cause for his Discharge, and, being embodied, shall likewise produce Militia man*5appearing a regular Discharge from his commanding Officer, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of thereat, and shewing them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy cau*"e for bls Discharge, Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall and may, at such Subdivision meet ings, discharge such Person from serving in the Militia; and in the Stead of the Persons so difehar his commandincfoffiter) ged, and also if there should be any other Vacancy by Death or otherwise, such Deputy Lieutenants, or they are todiftharge him' any three or more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, aild fill pall Vacancies or any ont Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, shall, after having amend ° " ncd thm'b>'» or °* ed the Lists in the same manner as the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, in their Subdivisions, are to aftevh!avin^amended the amend the Lists in the several Counties where the Militia has not been raised, cause a like Number of Lilts, by proceeding to other Persons to be chosen by Let out of the Lists of such Parities, Tythings or Places, where such draw the Lots, unless Vacancies shall happen, unless such Number of Persons shall be otherwise provided as is by this aist'j16 Nuntlber wanted directed; which Persons so chosen, or their Substitutes provided and approved as aforesaid, shall take ^e'db.e a^the^persons the Oath required by this acto be taken: And every Person so chosen shall be enrolled, and every p0 chosen or their Sub substitute so provided shall subscribe his Consent to serve, and shall serve in the said Militia for the stitutes, are tobeenroll space of three Years, subject to the Directions, Provisions, and Penalties in this Act contained. ed for 3 Years,

LX. Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any three Deputy Lieutenants, or a Subdivision Meeting any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieute may be held, on 7 Days nant together with any two Justices of the Peace, upon any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Militia, by Notice, for filling upva death or otherwise, to appoint a Subdivision Meeting for the filling up such Vacancy or Vacancies, Death or

giving seven Days Notice thereof.

LXI. And be it enacted, That when any Substitute shall, after having been approved by any three Vacancies occasioned by Deputy Lieutenants, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, the Deatll> Promotion or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the peace, and before the Ex char ^ofba s'ubftimte piration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Sergeant in the Militia, or to bellied up as in Cases be legally discharged, the Person for whom he served as Substitute shall not be obliged to serve him of Death, or Discharge self, or to find another Substitute; such Vacancy shall be filled up in like manner as is directed by ot 1>eifons serving for this Act, in case of Vacancies occasioned by the Death or Discharge of Persons serving for themselves. the" jeivcs r

LXII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of swearing and inrolling Men to serve in the Act fn3 "£ "g tjta litia, it shall and may be lawful for any onedeputylieutenant, at anyplace in the Subdivision he usually Dep. Lieutenant in his abls in, to swear and inrol any Substitute to serve for any Place in such his Subdivision; Subdivision, on produ such Substitute shall produce to such Deputy Lieutenant a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of cins a Certificate of his any two other Deputy Lieutenants, or of any one Justice of the Peace together with any one De proved n ^tw^de^u puty Lieutenant, or of any two Justices of the Peace abling in the same Subdivfion, or rehding near [y Lieutenants' r 4 the same, certifying the y have seen, and do approve of, such Substitute as a proper Person to serve and the Clerk of the in the Militia, and such Person shall and may be sworn and enrolled by such Deputy Lieutenant only: Subdivision Meeting at provided nevertheless, that the Clerk belonging to such Subdivision shall and do attend with the Roll at

at fqch swearing and inrolling. im '

'LXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Adilitia Alan shall, during the the^'

Time that the Regiment or Battalion in which he serves shall be embodied, be discharged by the Of commanding Officer, is ficer commanding such Regiment or Battalion, such Discharge shall be sufficient to prevent such Man not liable to bcappre from being liable to be apprehended as a Deserter, but shall not extend to cause another Alan to be landed as a Dcforter;

chosen to serve for the Parish, Tything, or Place, or Parishes, Tythings, or Places, for which such '?orfiai1.aijotb( 'rbe cb° rian so discharged did serve, unless he be likewise regularly discharged by the Deputy Lieutenant or d^fcw^ ho Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace as aforesaid the D. Lieutenants.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Adilitia Aden whose Time of Service in the Act Militia Men whole Tima litia shall be near expiring, during the Time the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in of ?(: rvice b" " which they served, shall be absent from the County, kiding or Place, to which they belong, shall turned?to3thcir° be returned by the commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to county, so asvhcy l\.y the County, Riding, or Place, for which they served, so as that they may reach the said County by reach the same by though the Expiration of their term. Expiration of their ferm.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Lieutenant together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or, in the Ab mccung, held af vol. VIII 4 L fence ter tcalonabk Notice j

C 20.

Anno secundo Georgii III

A.D. 176r.

lut the Subdivision' Meetings already appointed are to remain until

moval to the D. lieutc' mints, and receive a Certificate of his Service

fence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, for any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting? so be held after reasonable Notice thereof given, to change or alter any Subdivision Meeting or meet higs, whenever they shall find it convenient so to do.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That, in order to save the Trouble of appointing Subdivision Meetings every Year in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, the several Subdivision they shall be by a Gene Meetings therein now appointed, shall remain and continue until the same shall be altered by his ral Meeting alter'd. majesty's Lieutenant together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or, on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, by any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at some General Meeting.

Removal of a private

LXVII. And be it enacted, That every Militia Man shall, if he changes the Places of his Abode &c'.n where' from one Parish, Tything, or Place, to another Parish, Tything, or Place, the Militia whereof shall

of serves in the same Reserve in the same Regiment or Battalion, such Militia Man shall continue to serve in such Regiment gitr.ent, does not alter or Battalion for the Place from whence he removed, and shall not occasion a Vacancy for such pa his Service, nor occasion j jfli, Tything, or Place, but shall he trained, exercised, and paid, by the Officer of the Company r'rift^b^uhf the°rre to le Ylilitia f such Parish, Tything, or Place, to which he removed, shall belong; and

moval be into another that every Militia aan, who shall change the Place of his Abode from one County to another County, County, & c. the mili or from one Parish, Tything, or Place, to another Parish, Tything, or Place, the Militia whereof tia whereof serves in dif shall serve in different Regiments or Battalions, such Person shall serve, upon the first Vacancy that terent iregirnen?s, he happen? in such Regiment or Battalion, until his Service shall be completed: And every such

in^he^reginient of that Militia Man shall, before he changes the Place of his Abode, give Notice thereof to any three or Place, upon the first Va. more Deputy Lieutenants, or to any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the coney; and he is to give Peace, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, at some sub pi cvious Notice of hisre division Meectinsr, or to one Deputy Lieutenant, who shall give to such Militia Mail a Certificate of the Time he shall have served in the Militia for the respective Parish, Tything, or Place, tincate of his service from his Iiirolment to serve in the same; and if such Certificate shall have been given by one de and if given by one D. puty Lieutenant only, such Deputy Lieutenant shall certify the same to the Deputy Lieutenants and Lbutenont is to be cer Justices of the Peace at their next Meeting within such Subdivision, and such Militia Man shall pro' f' cd t "the nm s'jbd' duce the said Certificate to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices at the next Meeting for the subdivi cerfificak itfev the' C ^lon wherein he shall then dwell, or to one Deputy Lieutenant residing near the Parish, Tything, produced at the Subdivi or Place, to which he shall remove, who shall certify the same to the Deputy Lieutenants and j11i fion Meeting for the tices of the Peace, at their next Subdivision Meeting: And if any Militia Man so changing the Place to which he shall pjace Gf his Abode shall not give Notice, and produce his Certificate as aforesaid, such Militia On^nc'oltft of ivin" so neglecting, and thereof convicted on Oath before one or more Justice or Justices of the such Notice, and pnliu Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and if such Offender shall not immediately cing Certificate, he for pay such Penalty, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattles, by war f<irs CS;. rant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, rendering the over and vaie11 by distress pus any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender and for Want of Distress upon whom such Distress shall have been made, as aforesaid; for Want of sufficient Distress, such is to be committed not Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the House of Correction for any Time not exceed txceeding 1 Month. illg one M Oil till.

Clerk of the Subdivision

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting shall, upon Notice given of7uch? Mihtl^man^t any Militia Man of the changing of his Place of Abode, and of a Certificate granted him as afore chame oy Abode, &c. said, forthwith give Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Meeting for the Subdivision to which the pa to the clerk for the Di rish, Tything, or Place, where he then resides shall belong.

vision to which he shall

LXIX. Provided always, that no Militia Man having served as a Substitute, shall, by such ser c 11 fed from fervin lor vice> be exci|fed from serving for liiniself when he shall bechofcnby Lot.

copksyf the rohs^sign

LXX. And be it enacted, That the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, within fourteen ed at the Subdivision Days after each Subdivision Meeting, transmit to his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Meetings to be transmit or place, fair and true Copies of the Rolls signed at the said Meetings.

tej to the Lord Lieutenant in i/j. Days after each

Meeting.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That if any chief Constable or other Officer of any hundred, Rape,

Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or either of const.bles or other Of ffcer Gf any Parish, ything, or Place, shall refuse or neglect to return such Lists, from Time to

cers negiediing to rctmn i'jrj, in manner afor. said, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall, from Time

the wilts, fr comply with 7 r Ag. n, T*r *1

jheir Oraers, to Time, receive from his Majesty's Lieutenant, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or

more of them, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this at, or or being guilty of Fraud shall, III making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality; any three or more dc or Pa. tiality in their Re puty Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, tk"by r Ac or any one Deputy Licutenam together with any two Justices of the Peace, are hereby impow ment'h^1"1 nc crcrcered and required toimpiifon, in the common Gaol o! the respective County, Riding, or Place, such chief Constable or other Officer of any Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, or such Conlta le, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer ( f any Parish, Tything, or fired not exceeding dor Place, thereto he l.ept without Bail or Main prize, for the? pace of one Month, or, at their Dif

nor less than 40s, n. r r -

remove.

No Substitute is to be ex

1 vied Sale.

by

to be d.ftrcfj at.d

cretion, to fine fu Fine to be levied

eh Officer in any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor under forty Shillings; such by Distress and hale of the offender's Goods tj

and Chattles, by Warrant under the

Hands

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 2 o

627

Hands and Seals of any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or of any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or of any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two justices of the Peace; rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Officer upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid:

jit may and shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, oiy any three or more of them, or anydep.

or more Ot them, or any Bep. Lieutenants may if two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or anyone Deputy Lieutenantfue then 9!<!cr'<oni' together with any two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Subdivisions, from Time to t\end"snce of thecon Time, to issueout their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, commanding the Attendance Oble, or other Parish of the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place officer; within their several Subdivisions, at such Times and Places as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect and on, lis disobeying to appear according to such Order or Warrant, such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other !ch <; )rjcp may 1, northeast cr Officer, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties aforesaid., on h, m

LXXII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall, by Gratuity, Gift or Reward, or by Pro i'c fons tampering with mise thereof, or of any Indemnification, or by Menaces, endeavour to prevail on any chief Constable, to make

or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of any Parish, Tything cr Place, to ce the narne^any^ make a false Return of any List for any Parish, Tything or Place, or to erase or leave out of any such person out of the Lift?,

of Law or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; all which Penalties shall go to the Prosecutor; and to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall lue for the same: And if any Person shall refuse to tell per<°ns refuting to dc his Christian and Surname, or the Christian and Surname of any Man lodging or residing within hisclar, e the j; °"'n or her House to any Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer authorised by this Act to demand the&c/tc'rfeit joi. °^same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy pep Lieutenants being Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, ihal), at any of their Subdivision Meetings, receive Information, or ing(0jtvf persons re shall suspect, that any Person inserted in any List, described as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently turned in the List as Ap. bound Apprentice in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it may and shall be lawful for any three or prentices, in order to mere Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of theavoid fervin£>

Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, to make Inquiry may furr.mcn and exa into the Binding out such Person Apprentice, and to summon such Persons as they shall think need mme Witnessos upon fary to appear before them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and to examine such lt 1 touc >ingt e Jmv' Persons, upon Oath, touching the Matter in Question: in case any such Fraud shall appear inand lf ai, y Fraild (tu11 the Binding out such Person Apprentice, it may and shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, or rfucvic person° to"

Deputy Lieutenants and Justice, or Deputy Lieutenant and Justices, to appoint such Person, so j or"e immediately, or bound Apprentice, to serve immediately in the Militia for the Parish, Tything or Place for which upon the first Vacancy such List shall have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy; and if there shall be no Vacancy at that hall happen; and that Time, then upon the first Vacancy that shall happen therein: And the Person to whom such ie jv5aficr to ?hom Apprentice shall be so bound, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which Penalty, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods jevjed by Distress and and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Deputy Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieu sale: tenants and Justice, or Deputy Lieutenant and Justices, or any three or more of them, returning the Overplus, if any, after all Charges paid, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained; Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Informer, if any, and the other One Moiety thereof to go Moiety, or, if there shall be no Informer, then the Whole of such Penalty shall be applied in man 10 lhe ln; ormer ir an ner herein after mentioned.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant of every County, Riding and Place l ord Lieutenant is to shall, and he is hereby required to transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council, from Time to Time, a " /?nl"'nir' 7 mlfro

true State of the Numbers of Persons fit to serve in the Militia for the County, Riding or Place of ci], "estate of the'v°m which he is Lieutenant; and that after all the said Numbers shall be transmitted to his Majesty's bers of Persons in the Privy Council, according to the Directions aforesaid, it may and shall be lawful for the said Council, County fit to serve; and they are hereby required to six and settle, as near as may be, the Number of Private Militia Men a'ld the Privy Council is who shall for the future serve for each County, Riding or Place within the Part of Great Britain afore Quota oaion u fo/vt said, by the Proportion which the Numbers returned for each County, Riding or Place bear to thebjtheproportion the whole Number of Private Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised within the Part of Great Bri Returns for each County tain, aforesaid, and forthwith to transmit Accounts of the Numbers so fixed and settled, to all his Ma hear to the whole Nun jesty's Lieutenants of Counties, Ridings and Places within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, re hcr !?.b. c. spedlively; and where the Number of Private Militia Men so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall bef0rthwi» h' transmit^respectively greater than the Number of Private Militia Men who shall be by virtue of this Act Accounts of thenu«.. appointed to serve for any County, Riding or Place, then, and in such Case, his Majesty's Lieutenant hers so settled unite Ld.

to which

lone

the additional Number of Private Militia Men to make up the whole Leaned! t si us

Number so fixed anctfettled as aforesaid, shall be provided ot chosen in the same Manner as alyother

4 2

Private'

62?

C 2 0.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

or chosen in nice manner Private Militia Men are by this al directed to be provided or chosen: And all the additional Men as is directed in other f0 provided or chosen, or their Substitutes (to be appointed as Substitutes are required to be by this Aef) and Vounteers, shall take the Oath by this Act required to be taken, and shall respectively be enrolled, or sign their Consent to serve in the Militia, in the same Manner as is directed, and shall be subject, in case of Refusal, to the same Penalties as are in like Cases inpiiisted by this aist: And where the Number of Private Militia Men so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be respectively lei's than the Number of Private Militia Aden who shall be, by virtue of this Act, appointed to serve for any County, Riding or Place, then, and in such Case, his Majesty's Lieutenant together with any

Cases; and where the Number settled shall be less than is appointed by the Act,

the Supernumeraries shall be discharged by Lot.

two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall, at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, discharge by Lot proportionably out of each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake or other Division, so many Private Militia Men as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

Where the Numbers to

LXXV. And be it enacted, That in case it shall at any Time appear to his Majesty's Lieutenant be raised fnali appear at anc[ any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his haven untouaflv or majesty's Lieutenant, to any three or more Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, erroneoudy apportioned at their General Meeting, that the Distribution by them made of the whole Number of Militia Men amongst the fsverai hun charged upon such County, Riding or Place, among the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, wapen dreds or divsf.ons of the takes, or other Divisions, was either unequally and erroneously made, or, from any subsequent alte t idon o 1 rcurnftanc° rat on of Circumstances, is become unequal and disproportionable, it may and shall be lawful for his the same is become un Majesty's laid Lieutenant and any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or on the Death or Removal, or equal, c. the Ld. lieu in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, for any three or more Deputy Lieutenants to make a and Deputies may new and more equal Distribution of such Number as aforesaid among the said several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, according to the Method prescribed by this aist for making the original Distribution, and to cause such additional Number of Men to be provided or chosen, or such Number to be discharged out of those before provided or chosen for each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, as shall become necessary in consequence of such new Distribution, in like manner as is by this Act prescribed to be done, where the same shall become necessary in consequence of the Accounts transmitted from his Majesty's Privy Council.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Sergeant or Private Man serving in the Militia shall, during

tenan

A

mnice a new and more equal Distribution; and mile and discharge Men conformable there to.

the Time of such Service, be liable to do personally any Highway Duty, commonly called Statnte

Sciieant and militiaman exempted from Statute

and from lyn^o^ed*'or be appointed to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or be liable to serve in any of his

to serve in his Majesty's majesty's Land or Sea Forces, unless he shall consent thereto.

Land or Sea Forces.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Private Man serving in the Militia, shall on the Militia Man falling sick March, or at the Place where he shall be called out to Annual Exercise, be disabled by Sickness, it on a March, or at the shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of the County, or any Mayor or Chief Ma piacco Annua Exer gistrate of any City, Town or Place, where such Man shall then be, to order him such Relief as he by a'n orde/ from there shall think reasonable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal; and the Officers of the Parish, Tything Magistrate, or justice of or Place for which such Man shall serve as a Militia Man, shall reimburse the same to the Officers of the Place; and the ex the Parish where such Militia Man shall then receive such Relief, which shall be allowed in theft penceistobeveimouited Accounts, upon producing the above Order.

by his proprr Parish. 1 r*0

No Person having served 3 Years, is liable to serve again but in Rotation.

The same Liberty is granted to Militia Men being married and embodied, to sit up Trades wi hin Great Britain or Ireland,

as by Act 22 Geo. 2. c. 43. is granted to Manners or Soldiers.

Militia Man, if unembodied, is not entitled to Lis Clothes, till he has served 3 Years; but if »mbodicj, they are to be applied to his Use at the enj of 1 Year.

Overreers are lo pay out of the Poor R ues, byor der of same Justice, a weekly Allow ante to the '.ftr' fli.df.imilirs of fnrh Men embodied an lcallej out, as shall have be 11 chosen by Lot, and of such Substitute:, hired

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Person having served personally or by Substitute three Years in the Militia, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it comes to his Turn.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Man having served in the Militia when drawn out and embodied, being a married Man, may let up and exercise any such Trade as he is apt and able for, in any Town or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the using such Trade, as freely, and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities of that Part of Great Britain called England, as any Mariner or Soldier may do by an Act passed in the twenty second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, entitled, an Act to enable such Officer r, Mariners and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service ftnee his Acccffiion to the throne, to exercise Trader.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That no Private Militia Man shall be entitled to his Clothes for his own Use, until he shall have served for the Space of three Years, if the Regiment or Battalion in which he serves shall be unembodied; but if such Regiment or Battalion in which he serves shall be drawn out and embodied, the Clothes shall, at the End of one Year, be applied in such Manner as the Colonel or Commanding Officer of his Regiment or Battalion shall judge best for the Use of such atditia Man.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That if any Militia Alan who shall have been accepted and enrolled as a Substitute, liiicd Man or Volunticr, before the twenty second Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or if any Militia Man who shall have been chosen by Lot, whether before or after the twenty second Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall, when embodied, and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, leave a Family ltmible to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything or Township, where the Family of such militiaman shall dwell, shall, by Order of some 011c Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the

Relief

6*29

Mon z.r.d Vounteers as wore enrolled bcfoie.r?z May 1760, according to the usual Price of Labour in Husbandry within the County, and the Number and Age of thscnildien: viz. fer 1 Child under 10 Years, day's Labour; j ditto, 2 Days Labour; 3 or ditto, 3 Days Labour; 5 or more ditto, Days Labour: For the Wile,

1 day's Labour: And where the said rates shall be insufficient, a new Rate is to be made; and Stock.

Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything or Township, pay to such Family a Weekly Allowance, according to the usual and ordinary Price of Labour in Hufbardry within the said County, Riding,

Division, District or Place where such Family shall dwell, by the following Rule; that is to say, For one Child under the Age of ten Years, any Sum not exceeding the Price of one day's Labour; for two Children under the Age aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding the Price of two Days Labour; for three or four Children under the Age aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding the Price of three Days Labour; for five or more Children under the Age aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding the Price of four Days Labour; and for the Wife of such Militia Man, any Sum not exceeding the Price of one day's Labour; and in every Parish, Tything or Township, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose: every such Weekly Allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the over seer oroverseers of such Parish, Tything or Township by the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place where such Parish, Tything or Township shall be situate, out of the public Stock of such County, Riding or Place.

the Overseers are to be reimbursej forthwith out of the County

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of every County, Riding, Division and Place, shall Treasurer of the County and is hereby required to keep exact and distinct Accounts of all the Moneys that shall have been so bydomes'1 foc, cunt ot him reimbursed, to such overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, in pursuance of thediredtions of this Act; bursed metre ovetfars and shall at the End of seven Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, and afterwards at theand return half yearly' End of every six Calendar Months, return the said Accounts, together with the Accounts which hethe Laid Accounts with shall have received from the several Treasurers of the Cities, Towns, Liberties or Places to the Officetho^ rccc ved from the of the treasurer's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer. C 'm°

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cities, Towns, Liberties, divisionswh(.rc an Cj* orpj; ife and Places, which are not liable to contribute to County Rates by virtue of an Act made in the shall not beliabje by Ad twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy qffejjing, collecting and izczo.i. C 29. to levying of County Rates, the Justices of "the Peace for every such City, Town, Liberty, Division and contribute to County Place, at any Sessions or Meeting, or the major Part of them then and there assembled, may and rate.s' th justices may shall appoint a Treasurer, and shall assess upon every Parish, Tything, Township, Hamlet or Vill, and°aflefe each Parish within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, in such Proportions as the Rates heretofore made proportionate to their for the Relief of the Poor have been usually assessed; and shall cause to be paid out of the Money usual Poors Rate, collected and levied for the Relief of the Poor of every such Parish, Tything, Township, Hamlet or !n 3 Sum sufficient to re vill, into the Hands of such Treasurer, such Sum or Sums of Money as they in their Discretion weeklyapowmces shall think sufficient for reimbursing to the Overseer or Overseers of the several Parishes, Tythings, paid by them; Townships, Hamlets orvills, within thelimits of their respective Jurisdictions, the Amount of the and such Treasurer is to Weekly Allowances paid by such Overseer or Overseers to the Families of the Militia Men residingeirr, burse tie said over within their respective Jurisdictions as aforesaid; and every such Treasurer shall forthwith reimburse ^onks^ Yd

the same to every such Overseer or Overseers accordingly: And such Treasurer is hereby required to by him, and transmi/rhe keep exact and distinct Accounts of all the Moneys that shall have been so paid into his Hands, and same half yearly to the so by him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid; shall, at the End of every six County Treasurer. Calendar Months, transmit the said Accounts to the Treasurer of the County or Riding which such City, Town, Liberty, Division and Place is by this Act united with and made Part of for the Pur 'pealhrer of the Cuy, poses of this Act: Provided that the Treasurer of the City of Lincoln and County of the said City, transmit h^account" to shall transmit his Accounts to the Treasurer of the Division of Linfey, within the County of the Treasurer of Linfey Lincoln. Division.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That within the City and County of the City of Allowances made within Exeter, all Allowances to be made by virtue of this Act to the Families of Persons serving in the Mi the Cay and County ct litia, shall be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Corporation of the Governor, Deputy ^ebcj ja Governor, Assistants and Guardians of the Poor of the City and County of Exeter; and that the fijkroi' the guardia iaa same shall be ascertained, assessed, raised, collected and levied by such and the same Ways and Means the Poor, and toheaf as the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor within the said City and County is, by virtue of two ai, d 'qv!cd as their

Acts of Parliament, the one of them made in the ninth and tenth Years of King fviluam the Third, Ra^js|yg^v'>

and the other of them in the thirty first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, directed Airedied" bead to be raised: it shall and maybe lawful for the several Persons authorised to put the said Acts iiiditional to what they are Execution, to cause to be raised and levied such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for that Purpose, authorised to wife for over and above what they are already authorised to raise for the Relief of the Poor of the said City t'001' Rate and County; and all and every Person and Persons who are by the said Acts, or either of them, required to do any Act, Matter or Thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming or altering of Assessments, collecting and levying the Sums thereby directed to be raised for the Relief of the Poor, and to le raised and le are hereby required and authorised to do all such and the like Acts, Matters and Things for the ascer vied ufldcrlikcpejialtlts* taining, assessing, confirming or altering Assessments, collecting and levying the Money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be subject to all such Forfeitures and Penalties, in case of their neglect or re fufal to perform the same, as are imposed upon Offences of the like Nature by the abovementioned Acts, or either of them; and also in the same Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, to raise and the Money already and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further Sum and Sums of Money as shall haveadvanced andfa: d by the been advanced and paid by the Treasurer of the Corporation of the Poor for the Maintenance of^'zallctvvan«s'iv10 such Wives and Families, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the Treasurer of the said Cor bieiaised and i vicd 1a poration. - like ir anne.

LXXXV

A.D. 1761.

630 C 20. Anno secundo Georgii hi.

Mon: es to be levied by

LXXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all a4onies to be levied by pariav Rates to be this Act, bypanfli Rates made within the City and County of the City of bri/lol, by virtue of this at5b, shall be paid, afeer

andrl/'d th" J ta nccl assessed, raised, collected, levied and repaid, in such Manner, and by such and the same

Poor rate there* and Means, as are prescribed to be observed in raising Money for the Relief of the Poor within the said City and County of the City of bri/lol, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto; and that it shall and may be lawful for the several Persons authorised to put the said Acts in Execution, to cause to be raised and levied such Sum or Sums, over and above what they are

'already authorised to raise for the Relief of the Poor of the said City and County, and also in the

f'une Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, Acr of the Corporation such further Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been advanced and paid by the Treasurer of the of the fvor is to be af Corporation of the Poor, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the Treasurer of the said Corporation; and that all and every Person and Persons, who are by the said Acts, any or either of them, required to do any Act, Matter or Thing for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming or altering of Aflefirnmts, collecting and levying the Sums thereby directed to be raised for the Relief of the Poor,

and to be additional to what is already authorised to be raised there

iefizd and repaid 1 im; and all as requiftte thereto, are to be done, under like Penalties as are prescribed with re ipctft to Onrcers neglect

are hereby required and authorised to do all such and the like Acts, Matters and Things, for the ascertaining, afteiling, confirming or altering Assessments, collecting and levying the Adoney hereby ing their Duty m Execu (lj]ccted to be raised, and shall be subject to all such Forfeitures and Penalties, in case of their neglecst there C*io°r L "s or Refusal to perform the same, as are imposed upon Officers of the like Nature by the abovementioned acts, any or either of them.

Where Treasurers shall

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Treasurer of any County, Riding, remrburfe to Overseers City, Town, Liberty, Division or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, who Avail, after of thewtew°n\nocu'r!cet^c pang of this at, reimburse to any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, to the Families of Militia townavip, Hanvlet or V ill, any Sum or Sums of Money, in pursuance of the Directions of this at, Men fervingir.anycoun on account of the Weekly Allowance to the Family of any Militia Man, serving in the Militia of ty.othftr than that where any County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division or Place, other than the County, Riding, City, in such fannl.es dwell, Town, Liberty, Division or Place where such Family Avail dwell, Avail deliver or transmit an Account of such Adoney as he Avail have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by one or more juaice or they are to iranfnnt an juaices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division or Place where such fami]y dwell, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division or firer of the countva Place, in the Adilitia whereof such Militia Man Avail serve; and thereupon the Treasurer, to whom wherein such Men serve, such Account Aiall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, Avail and is hereby required to whois to reimburse them Pay to the Treasurer, who Avail have so delivered or transmitted such Account, the Sum or Stuns the same. - lo by him reinvbursed to such Overseer or Overseers, and Avail be allowed the same in his Accoun's.

Ir a Quaker be chosen,

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person, being one of the People called Quakers, Avail yrovljcvsubftitme^ there ohofen by Lot to serve in the Militia, and Avail refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath, Dep Lieutenants may and serve in the Militia, or to provide a subaitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who Aiall take the provide one, and levy said Oath, and subscribe his Content to serve as the subaitute of such Quaker; then, and in every the Expense by Distress such Case, any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with anyone Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two juaices of the Peace, Avail, if they think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person, who shall take the said Oath, and subscribe his Con fen t to serve in the said Militia for the Space of three Years, as the subaicutc of such Quaker; and any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants together with anyone juaice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two juaices of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to levy by diarcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, such Sum or Sums as shall be neccitary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Person to serve in the Militia, for the Space of three Years, as the subaitute of such Quaker, so refusing or neglecting, as aforesaid; the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Charges of such diarefs and Sale, to such Quaker, upon whom such diarefs Avail have been made as aforesaid: in case any mca sures Avail be used in making diarefs as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought of make 1 ng^uch^)iiirc(voe prcjfjve} be lawful for such Quaker to complain thereof to the Deputy Lieutenants and

Complaint m'dc'byh'im: ju^'cesof the Peace, at their next Adeeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

And where any Quakers i^xxxviii. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in ft.ah refute to pay to the every Parish, Tything or Place, or two or more Parifivcs, Tythings or Places, so added together as a«'sto jbe°ni3dc, the aforesaid, in which any such Rate Avall be made, where the Churchwardens or Overseers Aiall make jueiccs, upon Complaint Complaint to a juaice of the Peace, that a Quaker or Quakers refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of t ihe churchwardens, Money he or they Aiall he rated at, such juaice may and shall order such coa and Charges, for levy nuy order reasonable ing such diarefs as he Aiall think reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of ten Shillings on each of the Costan arp or c fajj Quakers where there are no more than two of them, and, where there are a greater Number,

wins the Diltreis, in r CI ir \ 1 r 1 1 7

proport inn to the Sums not exceeding hve bliillmgs on caen of the said Quakers.

here allowed.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted and declared, That it may and Aiall be lawful for any Deputy Lieu

Dtp, Lieutenant and tenant or juaice of the Peace to at in the Execution of this at, in any and every Subdivision jutii i t may irt in any within the County, Riding or Place for which he is or Aiall be commissioned; that each and every

but if any opprefnve Measures be used in

the cminis"r "which ° l, c Deputy j^icutcijant and juaice of the Peace hath and Aiall have the same Power and Authority ifcey j^'ojnirniifion'd. therein, as is by this Adit given to any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, within the subdi vision to which lie is or Aiall be particularly appointed.

XC

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20.

hs n r

uj>l

XC. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, Riding or Place, may and A Cleric for the General shall appoint a Clerk for the General Meetings within such County, Riding or Place, and may dif ^ldyieut

place such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Lieutenants p ° } 1'!eu '

within their respective Subdivisions, or the major Part of them present, may and shall appoint a Clerk and c!e!jis fr t sj't>' for their Subdivision, and may displace such Clerk, if they or the major Part of them present shall r^p.1 ueutentms yt'c think fit, and appoint another in his Room.

XCI. And be it enacted, That any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one Justice of the urticet* Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of Peace, within the Counties^exerri/tde^ntc of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland and Rutland, and within all the several Counties Powers in the counticsof and Places within the said Dominion of Wales respectively, shall have and exercise all and every the Cumberland, Hunting powers conferred by this Act on any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place within don Monmouth, we/l that Part of Great Britain called England; anything herein contained to the contrary not with w^es^as are^nvmed standing. on^D, Lieuts. of any other County.

XCII. And be it enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Subdivision where a sufficientnum

Days at the same Place where such Meeting had been before appointed to be held, giving at least five other Meeting to be held Days Notice thereof. within Days after the

XCIII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money arising by Forfeitures paid by, or levied upon, foimer Meeting. Persons refusing to serve in the Militia personally or by Substitute, shall be applied, in the first place, Fines forn.ot serving are by any three Deputy Lieutenants, or by any two Deputy Lieutenants together with any one j uflice saftftutes^0" of the Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of the Peace, within'" n'e u ue their respective Subdivisions, in providing a Substitute for the Person who shall have paid such Penalty; and if any Part of such Penalty shall remain after such Substitute shall be provided, the same shall beand the Surplus, if any, paid to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, and be applied as Part ofine^ienm ental stock' the Regimental Stock. e egimen a oc'

XCIV. And be it enacted, That every Person liable to serve in the Militia, having more than one ferns llabie to serve> Place of Residence, shall be deemed to reside only, and shall serve as a Militia Man, within the p^eoefideb^flull County, Riding or Place where his Name shall have been first inserted in a Lilt, and returned as herein be deemed to reside in, and directed, subjecting him to such Service; and the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting to which such shall serve only in, the List shall be returned, shall, if any such Person require the same, grant a Certificate gratis, under County where first re his Hand, that such person's Name was inserted in such List, Specifying the Times when such lifttf171^1 in and

1 j 1 s Jo Certificates, if required,

was made and returned., shall be graced gratis of such Returns.

XCV. And be it enacted, That within one Month after the said Rolls are so returned from the A General Meeting is to Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, his Majesty's Lieutenant together with be held of the Ld. Lieut, any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the absence of his Maand Deputies, c, within jesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall meet together, and form and order Month after there the Militia for their respective Counties, Ridings or Places (where the same has not already been lieuts.0to form

formed and ordered) into Regiments, consisting, where the Number of Militia Men will admit the the Men (if not already) same, of twelve, but in no case of lets than eight, Companies of eighty Men at the most, and Sixty into Regiments of 12 but Men at the least, of Persons living as near to each other as conveniently can be; and shall poll to not less than s conii'a each Company proper Officers commissioned and qualified as aforesaid; (that is to say) The Field nit at Vn.

rer r r ' 11 1 <^' 1 T /-\ i, '. -.. 1 moult, and oomen at the

cjmcers ot a Regiment shall be, one Oolonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and where |eaib; anj post the of the Number of Private Men shall amount to five Companies, or to any Number under eight com ficers, viz. i Colonel, panies, such Militia shall be formed into a Battalion, with one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major, 1 Lt. Col. and i Major, and no other Field Officer; and where the Number of Private Men shall amount to three Com pa nies, or to any Number under five Companies, such Militia shall also be formed into a Battalion, men'/hail or

with one Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer: And in each Regiment or Bat more Companies, but talion of Militia, a Number of Captains, Lieutenants and Ensigns, equal to the Number of Compa less than 8, they are to nies in such Regiment or Battalion, Grenadier Companies excepted, wherein there shall be one Cap fe torrned, mtobatta tain and two Lieutenants. i0"f'; V th 1 l'eftco1,

and j Major; and to a

Battalion of 3 Companies, or less than 5, 1 Lieut. Colonel or Major; and 1 Capt. Lieut, and Ensign to each Company, Grenadier Companies excepted, wherein are to be 1 Captain and 2 Lieutenants.

Place has been here the 1, as

L r been already formed ana

_.. leutenants 01 ordered, iheysrt?, within such County, Riding or Place, shall, if the said Militia shall be then disembodied, within two 2 Months after being dif months after the passing this Act, reform the same, according to the Rules by this Act prescribed for embodied, c. to be re the first Forming and Ordering the Militia; and if the same shall be embodied, then within twoformed'!, ccordins to the Months after it shall be disembodied and returned to the rdpeclive Counties. ^for^fn^ando^der

XCVII and be it enacted, That in every County, Riding and Place, and in every City and ti, e Number of Town being a County, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, where the Number of Private menshall not be sufficient Militia Men shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment or_battalion, according to the Intent and tocompofear.cgiinentor Meaning of this Act, the following Establishment shall take place' therein; (that is to say) The Batulion, they are to be Militia of such Counties, Ridings, Places, Cities and Towns shall be formed into Independent com formed into inggient

XCVI. And be it enacted, That where the Militia of any County, Riding or already formed and ordered, his Majesty's Lieutenant together with any two Deputy

panies.

depc

Companies frsm 60 to So

632

C 20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

itn each, with 1 Cape. panjes} each Company to consist of eighty Private Men at the mod, and sixty Private Men at the ind the ml ^oined with one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each Company; and it shall be lawful

!nd formetinto Bitta for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to join together any Number of such Independent com ions, or be incorporated panics, and therewith to form a Battalion or Battalions, or to incorporate them with any Regiment with some Regiment or or Battalion, Regiments or Battalions of Militia, but so as the Number of Companies in any such 33ttahoiijfoasthentiim j^cgjment or Battalion do not exceed or fall short of the Number of Companies of which a Regiment w's" or batta]ion of Militia is herein before respectively allowed to consist.

!horc of, the Number .1 Regiment or Battalion ought to consist of.

When altee. 0rb.1t k

shall

XCVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Regiment or Battalion of mandinofficer* may°ap militia shall be unembodied, the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, the Commanding Officer, pointai(eg.cierkth/reto. shall and may appoint a Regimental Cleric to such Regiment or Battalion.

the militia istobetrain XCIX and. be it enacted, That the Militia shall be trained and exercised in the Manner followed and excreifedjbyreg.' ing; (that is to say) By Regiment or Battalion twice in a Year fourteen Days at each Time, or once rwnt or Battalion, twice in a Year for twenty-eight Days together, as shall be directed by his Majesty's Lieutenant and any a Year, 14 Days ch two or rnore Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lor"'* days too'ether'^'at Lieutenant, by any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at such Time and Place, or Times and the most convenient Places, as shall be least inconvenient to the Public, to be by them appointed at a General Meet

and that, during such Time as the Militia shall be so trained and exercised, all the Provisions

ing

Times and Places; during which Time all the contained in any at of Parliament which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and de r'un'"ftm" sf»im^n ^'anj°rh^rtion, ?uid for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall extend to and take place t)efttt!on/not extending respect of the Officers and Private msitia Men of every Regiment or Battalion, but not to extend t Lite or Limb, are to to Lllc Or Limb, take place for the Officers and Men $ C And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tyth

who are to be quartered jngmen, Headboroughs, and other chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tyth ^madstrate' ixtlnn! 'nss5 Villages, and other Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, Livery Stables! and Pub and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and, in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace lick Houses, Application inhabiting within or near any such City, Town, Parish, Tything, Village or Place, and for no for that Purpose being others, and they are hereby required, to quarter and billet the Officers and Private Men serving in made by the command the Militia, at the Times when they shall be called out to Annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, cer' ale houses, victualling houses, 'and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder,

Wine or Metheglin, by Retail, upon Application to them made by the Lord Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Riding or Place.

Sergeants, Drummers CL And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, and Fuers areto he quar tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, tere an lee m 1 'e Tythings, V illnges, and other Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales., and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and, in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Parish, Tything, Village or Place, and for no others, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet Sergeants, Drummers, and oniv at such Times Lifers, serving in the Militia, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, visstualling houses, and all Houses as no Provision has by of Persons selling Wine, Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail; the Occupiers Law been made for that whereof are hereby required to provide for such Sergeants, Drummers and Fifers, at such Times for Purpose. which no Provision has by Law been made for that Purpose, convenient Lodgings only.

A Return is to be made to CII. And be it enacted, That the Colonel or Commanding Officer of every Regiment or bat the i.d.lieut.°ftnestate ta}ion of unembodied Militia shall, and he is hereby required, as often as the Regiment or Batta

of 'he recimer.r. c, __________. r. ..__________ >_ T r a. 71. r> j

manner:

but are to be provided with convenient Log

shall be called out to Exercise, to return to his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County, Riding for which such Regiment or Battalion shall serve, a true State of such Regiment or Bat

Regiment. eve. i while unembodiej, when io!l tailed out to Exercise. or 1 lace.

p, ^5 Of Exereub to be CIII. And be it enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place, or Times and Places, of Exercise sent to the ch efconfta to which the Militia Men of each Parish, Tything or Place are to resort, shall be sent by the Clerk hies, 'o be forwarded by of the General Meeting to the chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, them to the Parish, Arc. X aths, Wapentakes, or other Division, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings or Places within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions; which Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Parish Officers, shall cause such Notice to be fixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their vcspective Parishes, Tythings or Places, or if any Place, being Extraparochial, shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything or Place thereunto adjoining; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Times and Places of Exercise so to be appointed: And if any Militia a id it any Militia Man Alan (110t labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) shall not appear at such '1 inic and gk°a to appear aeeoidin'g1>lac<: 'or H imes and Places, so appointed in such Notice as aforesaid, every such Militia Man being t, Notice, he for convicted thereof, ti|ion Oath, before one Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty f; < 20 I. and on Non Pounds; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay stich Penalty, the Justice of the Peace, fa/imt.f, is to be com before whom such Militia man.shall be so convicted, shall, by Warrant, commit such Militia Man m.'icd for 6 Months, to the conimon Qao] of the County, Riding or Place where he shall have been so com idled, there or ir'ii lie thaii have to remain without Bail or Mainprise for the Space of six Months, or until he shall have paid the llic Penalty aforesaid.

and to be affixed on the Church Door of the respective Parishes;

CIV

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20.

633

with

CIV. And be it enacted, That the Captain of each Company of Militia shall keep in his own The Captain is to have Custody, or leave and deposit with the several Sergeants belonging to his Company, or with such the Charge of the Anm, Person or Persons as the Paid Captain shall appoint for that Purpose, the Arms, Clothes and accou clot ies fal, crou're" trements provided for his Company of Militia; and the Churchwardens of every Parish or place^ttl0chorcfnsmrdcnm > where the said Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements are so deposited, or one of them, is and are hereby are to provide Cherts lor required to provide, at the Expense of such Parish or Place, a Chest, in which such Captain, Ser thesafekeeping thereof; jeant, or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, shall keep the said Arms in some dry Part of his House or Dwelling, under Lock and Key, and another Chest in which he shall keep, under Lock and Key, the said Clothes and Accoutrements; and the Sergeant, or such other Personas shall be appointed and care is to be taker to train and discipline the Men, is hereby required to take care that, after Exercise, every Militia that the Men return Man cleans and returns his Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements to his Captain, or to such Person or 0rdcralte'

Persons as shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same.

CV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, or, in the thelehlieat. or d?pu absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, is and are hereby

thorized, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to employ such Person or Arms, c. whcnnecefla persons as he or they shall think fit, to seize and remove the Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements be ryto the Pub! ick Peace longing to the Militia, whenever his Majesty's said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall adjudge it necessary to the Peace of the Kingdom, and to deliver the said Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements ^li/i'ltfons into the Custody of such Person or Persons as his Majesty's said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint to receive the same, for the Purposes of this act. r.

CVI. And be it enacted, That if any Sergeant, or any other Person entrusted by the Captain with the Custodyof thearros, the Custody of any Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements belonging to the Militia, shall deliver out any c. delivering out the such Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, unless for exercising the Men, or by the Command of his same, unless for Fxercifc, Superior Officer, it may and shall be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace to commit such or proper Command, Offender to the common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall be committed, jvxb}esc0mm 1 C 1 e Ior 0 there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding six Months. No 'arms 0rcloth

CVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Pay, Arms, Accoutre ing are to be issued, nor ments or Clothing shall be issued, and that no Adjutant or Sergeant shall be appointed, for the Militia Aejutant orscrjeants ap of any County, Riding or Place, until it shall appear by a Return signed by his Majesty's Lieutenant, poi ted, till 3 Fifths of or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence, of his Majesty's Lieutenant, by any three Deputy Lhe, a/en and Lieutenants, that three Fifths of the Militia Men of the said County, Riding or Place have been ta^jecn c0m

enrolled, and that three Fifths of the Officers have taken out their Commissions. millions.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be ^utbemarked within marked distinctly in some visible Place with the Letter M., and the Name of the County, Riding or (M) and the Name of Place to which they belong. the County, c.

CIX. And be it enacted, That if any Militia Man shall sell, pawn or lose any of his Arms, Clothes Militia Man who shall or Accoutrements, and shall be thereof convicted upon Oath before any one Justice of the Peace, such lbll; pan ?r ) ofebls Militia Man shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding three Pounds; and if such Militia Man shall ^utrements forfeitsvl. not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom such Militia Man shall be and on Nonpayment, V so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant, commit such Militia Man to the House of Correction to be committed to the for the Space of one Month, and until Satisfaction be made for the same; and if he shall not be ofhouse of Correction for Ability to make such Satisfaction, then for the Space of three Months: And if any Militia Man san"i

shall refuse or neglect to return his Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements in good Order to his Captain, jf noio( Ability to pay, or to such Personas shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, whenever demanded, such he is to be committed for Militia Man, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the 3 Months; and if he Sum of ten Shillings; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice northeast, et iet "rn thern, a of the Peace before whom such militiaman shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant, nde([ hvforfeits^o' commit such Militia Man to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days and on Nonpayment, is'

to be committed for any Time not exceeding 14. Days.

CX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, any Arms,

Clothes or Accoutrements belonging to the Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, the Person so offending, being convicted thereof, upon Oath, before one or more Justice of Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds: And if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, levy the same by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender, upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid; for want of such Distress, shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or shall cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer of the Militia, or Private Militia Man, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment, for or on account of his Absence during the Time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serverin Parliament, or during the Time he shall be returning from such election.

If anv person hall know. ingjy and unlawfully buy, exchange, conceal or receive any of the said Arms, CL othes or Accoutrements, he forfeits 5 I. for every such Oft'ence, to be levied by Distreu and Sale;

and for want ofdiftrefj, he may be committed for 3 Months, or be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of the Justice,

None are liable to Penalty for Absence, during the Time of going to vote for a Member of Parliament, or returning.

34

C

20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

If the Person intruded with the Care of the Arms, c. shall not within three Days com plain to any Justice of any Militia Man not

cxri. And be it enacted, That if the Sergeant, or other Person appointed by any Captain of the Militia to receive and keep in his Custody the Arms, Clothes, and Accoutrements thereto belonging,

: ft all not complain, within three Days, to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace, of any Militia 'man's not having returned his Arms, Clothes, and Accoutrements as before directed, such Sergeant or

..ot other Person appointed as aforesaid, being thereof convicted on Oath before one of his Majesty's

having duly returned the Justices of the Peace, stall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; which Penalty, if the Of

same, he forfeits eos. to fender stall not immediately pay the same, stall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods be^evied by Distress and anc Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice of the Peace before whom such

Offender stall be so convieffed as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting

the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender, upon whom such Distress stall have been made as aforesaid.

The Sergeants are to re CXIII. And be it enacted, That the several Sergeants stall receive all their military Orders, with derssfi omfthe adrant ree^ to ft e Training the Militia Men under their Care, from the Adjutant and their superior of and superiorofficersvandficers 5 an are hereby required to report, from Time to Time, all Crimes and Misdemeanours of to report to them, or the several Militia Men under their Command, to their Adjutant or superior Officers, or to any two 1 pp Lieutenants, or more Deputy Lieutenants, or to some civil Magistrate, as the Case stall require.

Magistrate, the CXIV. And be it enacted, That if any non commission Officer stall be negligent in his Duty, or

are to

cr a c*vi Crimes and

th?\'fen.l<, en ea inftlent or disobedient to the Orders of the Adjutant, or other his superior Officer, and be thereof

Non commiirton Officerconvitffed as aforesaid, upon the Oath of the Adjutant, or other superior Officer, before one or more being negligent m his Justice or Justices of the Peace, such non commission Officer stall forfeit and pay any Sum not ex Duty, or mioient, or oeeding thirty Shillings, at the Discretion of fnrli tnftir p nr Tnftinpc inn if f, nn nnn./'nmmiffin

to

forfeitin' Officer stall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such um not exceeding 3"/. non commission Officer shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant, commit such non com

VT m > lit — X 1 (It n — —. t, ' t — I 11 \ /, l( ( ^. > l < .1., — > -. a C rt — — 1, rtf frt 1 1 k.rtrt n TV rtw.rt rt tv, rt A d rt - rt/x. .1 — T rt. rt

Lord punes in the AIN caf:

- , - such Justice or Justices; if such non commission

d.(obedient ' L -'- 01 a? J. J -

rior Officer

bum no.

and on nonpayment, mission Officer to the House of Correction for the Space of fourteen Days; and his Majesty's lieute may be committed for 14 nant, or the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, may discharge such ptr', and, s liab!e to non commission Officer, if he stall think ftt.

cliiev constables and CXV. And be it enacted, That all chief Constables, petty Constables, Tythingmen, headbo o hers are required to be roughs, and other Officers, of Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, Pariftes, Tythings, and iding and airifting to the Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of jvalcs, stall, and they Lieutenants, de are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to his Majesty's said respective Lieutenants, and their executio^of this deputy Lieutenants, and to the Justices of the Peace, and to any or them, and to all to whom any Power or Authority is by this at given, in the Execution thereof, of alia] Tnvafi CXVI. And be it enacted, That in case of actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, on, or imminent dan or in case of Rebellion, it may and shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs, and succ^flors (the fp Th "fk°in0f latin °ccarion being first communicated to Parliament if the Parliament shall be then sitting, or declared fira % ommunicf?tedavthe n Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then sitting or in being) to or occasion to Parliament, der and direct his or their Lieutenants, and on their Death or Removal, or in their Absence from their P sitting, and if not, to respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all conveni the council, and notifi ent Speed, to draw out and embody all the Regiments and Battalions of Militia of their respective; erthe'.mu Counties, Ridings, or Places, already raised, and not yet embodied, or herein appointed to be raised lith to be drawn out and and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, stall, in his or their great emcnjicd; or so many of Wisdom, judge necessary, in such manner as stall be best adapted to the Circumstances of the dan them as he shall judge gerj and to put the said Forces under the Command of such general Officers as his Majesty, his Heirs, necessary; and put them or ucce{fors, shall be pleased to apppint over them; and to direct them to be led by their respective rc3j ' and Sit officers into any Parts of the Kingdom for the Suppression of such Invasions and Rebellions: And the

ret them to be led into Officers of the Militia and Private Militia Men of the Regiments, Battalions, and Independent com any Part, of the King panies, already embodied, or hereafter to be embodied, shall, from the time of their being drawn out dom for the Supprefimn anj embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again, by Order of their commanding off,4 fleers, to their respective Pariftics or Places of Abode, remain under the Command of such General ce've'pay as the K ng sofficers, and stall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men in his Majesty's other aether Rsgts. of Foot, till Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; and the Officers of the Militia shall, during such Time they shall be returned a as aforesaid, rank with the Officers of his Majesty's other Forces of equal Degree with them, as the san > youngest of their Rank; and, during such Time, all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parlia

cqu j]°dejreeln his°ma rr'cn^ which now is or shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the jesty's other Forces, as better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, stall extend to, and take place in respect of, the the youngefi of their Officers and Private Militia Men of every such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Rank; and are to be un _j\]j]jtia respectively (excepting only as to such Particulars as are or stall be otherwise especially nro the mivinv'xa'^ex for Y this or any at or alsof Parliament, hereafter to be made for regulating the mi ceot ng wh^rc its other litia Forces within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid) and when they shall be returned again to their vie fpcdally provided respective Parishes or Places of Abode, they stall be under the same Orders and Directions only, as for; and when returned they were before they were drawn out and embodied as aforesaid; if any non commission Officer to their own Parishes, Qp the Militia or Private Militia Man shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be LI e Orders and diive cqafty entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any non commission Officer or Private Soldier tiom only, as before they belonging to his Majesty's other forces; and his Majesty's Lieutenant of every such County, Riding, vere drawn out and cm or Place, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant from his bodiedand any Non County, Riding, or Place, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall issue hisor their Order to

chief Constables or other Officers of the reftective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or rd ..voundc?d?in rhcother Divisions, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen,

fjcrvlcc, aic cqally inti Head

tied, vi; h lliofc of immajcfiy's other Forces, to Cheifca Hospital.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20.

635

Headboroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings, and Places, within their respetr The Ld. Lieut, CV dcpu ive Divisions; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby re ties» arct° >; e Orders quired upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to give or leave in Writing, Notice, or cause such Notice to chiefto 'b" be given to the several Militia Men, or left at the usual Places of their respectivef Abodes within their for>varded"to the petty respetflive Parishes, Tythings, or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order: conflahies, who are And if any Militia Man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under thereupon to give Notice any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance10, the to attend '

rv, a 1 _ r ^. tv/r t. oil r r 1 aa., ^1 and sav Mm. net bemtr

so convicted, shall, by Warrant, commit such Militia Man to the common Gaol of the County, ent.'s tote committed Riding, or Place, where he shall have been so convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize pr 12 Wo, Jtly> °*' u.ntl_ for the Space of twelve Months, or until he shall have paid the Penalty aforesaid: if any Person anrtanyvcrfoii know shall harbour or conceal any Militia Man, not attending when ordered out into actual Service, know ingiy harbouring or coning him to be a Militia Man, and shall be thereof convicted uron Oath, before any Justice of the cealinj any Militia Man, Peace, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, toabfc "nj!n=^wh1e; ic, cai.1: d be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand jjnd° caj "Qa be yevi^i Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting the said Penalty, and the by diffrevand Sale and Charge of such Distress and Sale, to the Party whose Ootids and Chattles shall be so diilrained and for Want of Distress, lie sold j and for want of sufficient Distress, it may and shall be lawful lor such Justice, and he is here may be committed for by required, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction for the Space of two Months, or putilcii>

to cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice'" 1J'

CXVII. And be it enacted, That if at any Time (in case of actual Invasion, or upon imminentin case of invasion, or Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion) the Parliament shall happen to be separated by such Ad imminent Dangerthere jourument or Prorogation as will not expire within fourteen Days, it shall be lawful for his Mourned

Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament upon0r p^ogum, above 14 such Day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen Days Notice of such Appointment; di ys, is to be summon and the Parliament shall accordingly meet upon such Day, and continue to sit and ad in like manner to meet; and are to to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day. sit and aft as u adjourn

r 7 J r o i ed, or prorogued, to the

CXVIII. And be it enacted, that the Officers of the Militia and Private Militia Men, who shall officers and Men are to be d rawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to Pay from the Day of the Date of his Majesty's War titled to pay from the rant for that Purpose. Date of the King's Warrant for their being embodied.

CXIX. And be it enacted, hat when any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be drawn out and embodied, and during the Time they shall continue embodied, the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, the commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, shall and may appoint an a gent to such Regiment or Battalion; and such Colonel, and, where there is no Colonel, the commanding Officer, shall be, and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen upon account of the Pay, Clothing, or public Stock of such Regiment or Battalion: And such Colonel, and where there is no Colonel, the commanding Officer, shall take Security from the Agent so appointed.

CXX. And be it enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, it shall and may be lawful for the Captain of any Company of Militia to augment his Company, by incorporating, with the Consent of his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, with the Consent of two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, any Number of Persons who shall offer themselves as Vounteers, and who shall appear to him to be sufficiently trained and disciplined, and provided with proper Clothes, Arms, and Accoutrements, and who flail take the Oath appointed to be taken by this al, and sign their Consent to serve in the Militia for the Time of such actual Service, and to submit to the same Rules and Articles of W ar as Militia Men are by this Act liable to during the Time of their continuing in adiual Service.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That no Officer serving in the Militia shall sit in any Court-martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, sit in any Court-martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Private Man serving in the Militia.

CXXII. And be it enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, or shall be out in actual Service, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place, shall, and he or they is, and are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Captain or other commanding Officer of each Company of Militia so ordered out, or being out in Service for such County, Riding, or Place, one Guinea for each Private Militia Man belonging to his Company, whether such Militia Man marched with the Company when first drawn out, or was ordered out afterwards to join such Company, to be paid over by such Captain or other Officer to every such Private Militia Man who belonged to his Company at the Time such Militia was ordered out into actual Service, on or before the Day appointed for marching; and to such Militia Man, who shall be afterwards ordered out, when he shall join his Company; and such Receiver or Receivers General shall be allowed the same in his or their Accounts, to be pain over by the Captain to the Men before they match; and to such af shall be afterwards ordered out, when they shall join

4 m 2 cxxiii.

When a Regiment, cis drawn out and embodied, the commanding Officer is to appoint an Agent thereto tak: ng Security; and is liable to make good any Deficiencies of Pay, Clothing, or regimental Stock.

A Captain may, with leavcjsugment his Company, when ordered out into actual Service, with Vounteers, if properly disciplined, and provided, and who will take the Oath appointed, and sign the Rolls, and be subject to the Articles of War.

Officers of the Militia and his Majesty's other Forces are not to sit in diferiminately on Trials for Offences committed by the different Corps, Receivers Generql of the Land Tax aie to pay to thecapt. orcommanding Officer of such Company, when oidcred but into actual se.vice, one Guinea per Man for each Private Mm belonging thereto, whether such Man marched with the Company when fn ff drawn our, or was afterwards ordered to join it; the Companies.

6 a 6

C 20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

when the Militia fi.all CXXIII. And be it enacted, That when the Militia shall be called out to be trained and exer be called oet to be train cifed, it may and shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Place, being peace5u onattorder'^6 ^u'y thereunto required by an Order from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from any Deputy Lieutenant from the Lcrd* lieur^cr of the County, Riding, or Place, or from the Colonel or other chief Commission Officer upon the Deputy, or commanding Place of any Regiment, Company, or Detachment of Militia, to issue out his Warrant, under his Officer, sre to issue War Hand, to the chief Constables of Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or Divisions, or to the on^a^cs? Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of the Parishes, Tythings, or Places, rttfroops as are or ° from> through, near, or to which any such Regiment or Company of Militia Men, or any detach dered, with able Men to ment thereof, shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages of the drive them; and where a Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Powder, Match, Pullets, or other warlike Materials, with able Men fjfficieni Number cannot to drive such Carriages, as is and are mentioned in the said Order; but in case such sufficient carria coup" vvsd^t 'the nci h es an Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lath, wapen bounng justices^re'so " ta^e> Division, Parish, Tything, or Place, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace shall, upon issue Warrants for fur such Order as aforesaid, being shown unto him or them, issue his or their Warrant to the chief con nifiling what shall be so stables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other such Officers of the next County, Riding, down^t °the^confable ^un^ret^5 Rape, Lath', Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything, or Place, for the Purposes afore thev/bl]ov.'in R; fed? to make up such Deficiency of Carriages: And such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, theufeof such carria or other chief Commission Officer, upon the Place, who, by Virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from ges, is. for every Mile a the said Justice of the Peace, shall demand such Carriages of such chief Constable, Constable, Ty wagon with Horses, thingman, Headborough, or other Officer, is, and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay C*n a 1, h°r' down in Hand to the chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other of tjjtf/^every Cart with ficer, for the ltfe of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shil horses; and foin pro ling for every Mile any Wagon with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every portion; for which a Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or with four Oxen and two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Receipt to beg vea nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin proportion for Carriages ac Y 0 r Carriages to drawn by a less Number of Horses or Oxen; for which respective Sums so received, the said chief be fumiihcd accordingly; Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, is hereby required to give a the same to be for one Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same; and such chief Constable, Constable, day's journey only; Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having rencetine rrcdthae^v* Carriages within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, Parishes, Tythings, or are 'ote repayed cut of Places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men according to the the County Stock. Warrant aforesaid; Persons so ordered are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly for one day's Journey, and no more: And in cale the chief Constables, Constables, ty thinginen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, shall be at any Charges for such Carriages, over and above what is so received by them of his Majesty's said Lieutenant, the said Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, or other chief Officer, as aforesaid, such Overplus shall be born by each County, Riding, or Place, where such additional Expense shall be incurred, and be repaid to them without Fee or Reward by the Treasurer of each respective County, Riding, or Place, out of the public Stock. confhhes, he. neglect CXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any such chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Heading their Duty in fur borough, or other Officer, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of any Justice of rifling such Carnages, the peace. or f any Person appointed by such chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, nor^oreto°s' or other Officer, to provide or furnish any such Carriage and Man, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to the Use of the Poor; to provide the same; every such Offender shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than be levied by Distress and twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed: And every such Offence shall and may be heard and determined by two Justices of the Peace within the County, Riding, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; which Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress, and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale to such Offender, upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That neither the Militia of this Kingdom, nor any Corps, Detachment, or Draught thereof, shall, on any Account, be transported or carried, out of the Island of Great Britain.

CXXVI. And be it enacted, That all the Powers given, and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to the County of Northumberland, and the Militia thereof, shall in like manner take place, and be in force, with respect to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except only as to the Particulars bwwkk tton tw^y° herein expressed, and otherwise provided for; and that out of the Persons returned in the Lists for except" wherein ims oath Lid Town, a Number of private Militia Men shall be provided or chosen by Lot to serve for the wife provided for the said Town, in the same Proportion with the Private Militia Men appointed to serve for the other and the Number of Men respective Hundreds, Wards, and other Divisions, within the said County of Northumberland; and to serve for the Gid jf persons can be found within the said Town and Liberties thereof, with such Qualifications as are / to"hen'»mberitpoirequired for Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers, within Cities and Towns which are Counties of ed for the other ff mds. themselves, the chief Magistrate of the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint five Deputy Lieutenants, and such Number of Officers of the Militia as shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which the said Town shall raise, as their Quota, towards the Militia of the County of Northumberland; and the said Lieutenants and Officers are hereby required to put the Powers conferred by this Act, for raising and training the Militia, into Execution, within the said Town and Liberties, subject to such Penalties as are inflicted upon Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia Quota of mn; who are for acting, not being duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act; and that the said Militia wiry the Act t.no £x ffi jl join the Militia of the County of Northumberland, and be exercised together, and shall then,

and

Sale.

No i'srt of tbs Militia »n.iy be transported of Great Britain.

out

Provisions, he. in the Act icfpcdting Com. Northumberland, are to

he. within the County; and the chief magifir.it'. is to appoint; D. Units, if so many shall be found qualified, and Officers proportion ib'e to the

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 20,

637

ver

non qualification; an j the Mon are to join, and be exct cifed with the Militia of the County, and be deemed Part thereof.

the

Number of

ft 1

When

Men is settled that the Use of Wight is to fur nifti, the Governor of the lliand

and also in Time of actual Service, be deemed Part of the Militia of the County of Northumberland, edition; subject we for the Purpose aforesaid. ver to^Penalties of

CXXVII. And whereas the ordering the Militia in the Isle of Wight, has always been in the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island: And whereas, from the Length of Time since the Militia thereof was raised, the raising the same in manner heretofore accustomed may be attended with many Difficulties; ' Be it enacted, That after the Number of Persons which the said Island is to furnish to the Militia of the County of Southampton shall have been appointed, as by this act is directed, by his Majesty's Lieutenant, and the Deputy Lieutenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the said County at large, the Governor of the said island shall appoint the Officers of the Militia to be raised in the said Island, and shall and is hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act, in the same manner as his Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties are hereby impow ered and required to act, and shall appoint five or more Deputies to act with him, in and for the said p!ind J to appoint the Island; which Deputies and Officers of the Militia shall be qualified in the same manner, and are acta" lod" Lieuts*. of hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act in the same manner, and tinder the counties are empowered same Directions, Provisions and Penalties, as Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Miliria in the and required; and is to several Counties within the Dominion of Wales are by this Act subject to; and the Militia of the ap?oint 5 0117101: 6 D"P "said Island shall be raised in the same manner as the Militia of the County of Southampton, and shall "esm wh?.fiar be deemed a Part of the Militia of the said County: And after the same shall be so raised, the said isv« (bribed with re Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Deputies, shall order and direct the training and exercising the fp eft to D. Lieuts. and said Militia within the said Island, in the same manner as his Majesty's Lieutenants and the Deputy Officer's for Wales 5 ant Lieutenants are by this Act authorised and directed to do in any County within that Part of Great the.mll; tia IS r31ied Britain called England; and the Militia so raised within the said Island shall be continued and remain an^deemed Port within the said Island as an internal Defence thereof. thereof; and they are to

be trained and exercised in the Island, and to be continued there, for the internal Defence thereof.

CXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, fojfa"t" espewhere not the manner of Recovery whereof is not in this Act particularly provided for, shall, on Proof upon otherwise directej, are to Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where the be recovered, on proof Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, upon °ath of the of by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, before a Justice for after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender upon whom such Distress shall trefsandsale and where have been made; and where the Goods and Chattles of such Offender shall not be sufficient to an Efficient Distress cannot fwer such Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the common Gaol of be had, the offender is to the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not ex committed for three ceeding three Months: And all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this act imposed, the Appli ot]°erwifedhe&ed^they cation whereof is not otherwise particularly provided for, shall be paid to the Clerk of the Regiment are to be paid to the re. or Battalion, and shall be made a common Stock; and the said Clerk shall give a particular Account gimental clerk, and thereof, as it shall arise, to the Colonel or commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, who made a common Stocky shall cause Butts to be erected in some convenient Place or Places, and shall direct the Clerk of the ^vth^cofonet or Regiment or Battalion to buy and provide, with some Part of the Money so arising, a proper Quan commanding officer of tity of Gunpowder and Ball, to be used at proper Times by the Militia Men in lhooting at Marks, the Regiment; and are and to apply and dispose of such other Part of the Money aforesaid, as he shall think reasonable, in to be applied in e reding some Prize or Prizes to be given to such Militia Man or Men as shall, by the commanding Officer Bujts providing Powder then present, be adjudged to be the belt Marksman or Marksmen, and to apply the Residue thereof thgj best^iarkfmen* to other Contingencies relating to the Regiment or Battalion. and to other Contingen

CXXIX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases when any Person shall be committed to the House cies of the Regiment, of Correction by virtue of this act, he shall, during the Time of such Commitment, be kept to where any Person halt, hard Labour in such Houffi of Correction. be < "ted If lhet.

CXXX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where his Majesty's Lieutenants, or the respective keptto hard Labour Deputy Lieutenants by them appointed, or his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, are, by this act, there, required, to examine, hear, and determine, all Witnesses shall be examined upon Oath; which Lords Lieuts. Deputies, oath such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices, or any one of them, is and are hereby and jnft ccsj'n ail Mat

'r 3 1 j 7 j 7 j ters to be tried before

empowered to administer. _ _ _ them, empowered to ex

CXXXI. And be it enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any of his Majesty's Lieute amine the Witnessts upr nants, or by any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by an two Deputy Lieutenants together with Oath; any one Justice of the Peace, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two Justices of ayd »oo; der, orconvic the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this act, shall be removed by pfandet cthema be Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, Place, City, or Town, wherein such Order was removed, or ftlperfeded, fnade, Into any Court, and that no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other by Writ of Certiorari. Proceedings, upon any such Order so made in pursuance of this act; but that Execution, and other Proceedings, shall and may he had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Where a Pari<!' 0, 9, 1lbe Paufh shall lie in more Counties or Ridings than one, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the d^s°tln°one| ffie Wn Militia of that County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated; that hail serve in the Mffitia. such Parish shall be deemed as Part of that County, and shall be subject to the jurisdiction and Au of the Count, &c.where thority of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers of that County or n l.he ptlfb hll^rch Ridinr, to all the Intents and Purposes of this Act. fh. "

CXXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of the Constablery of Craike, a Parcel of the The inhabitants of County of Durham, surrounded by the North Riding of the County of York, shall serve in the Mi Craike still serve in the

litia Militia for the North

63s

C

20.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 176r,

Riding of York, 2nd be litia for the faicj North Riding; and the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace for the said subjca to the i.une ju ^torth Riding, shall and are hereby empowered to act in the said Constablery.

The inhabitants or Ma CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Makery that ker Pariiii fiia'i serve and lies in the County of Cornwall, shall serve in, and be trained and exercised with the Militia of the IV trained with the Mi County of Cornwall, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed, taken, and accepted, as

htiiot Cornwall, and be p; irr thereof.

CXXXV. And be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of jvokingham shall serve in, and be trained and exercised with the Militia of the County of Berks.

CXXXVI. And be it enacted, that the Inhabitants of the Township of Filey shall serve in the Mi

<3e?med [', 0.

t thereof; & thee ot Wokingham, V ith the M'liris oi Com. Berks; of Filey. to lure

in that of the Eatt Rid Jjtia of the East Riding of the County of York.

CXXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of Threapwood shall serve in the Militia of e County of Flint, and shall be trained and exercised with the Militia of the Parish of jfortbenbury,

into! York; of threap wood, in that of Flint; anj to be exercised with that of Worthenbury; and of Saint Martin,

the

within the said County.

CXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Inhabitants of and

in the Parish of Saint Martin, called

cai ed S'amicrd Caron, Stamford Baron, in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford, on the South Side of the

m rh t of Lincoln.

Waters there

The Tinners in Devon

called Holland, shall serve in the Militia of the County of Lincoln.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Tinners in au Carnwall are to be the Counties of Devon and Cornwall; but the Lord Warden of the Stannaries for the Time being, in "so; nrur1es^arden pur^uance his Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he shall commissionate and authorise under him, may and shall have and ule the like Powers, and array, a fiefs, arm, muster, and exercise, the said Tinners within the said Counties, and either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries.

Lutenants for London

CXL. And be it enacted, that his Majesty's Lieutenants who are or shall be commissioned for the

Tr a Binds as her to sore! of the City of London, may and shall continue to lift and levy the Train Bands and Auxiliaries of the said City, in manner as heretofore.

CXLI. And whereas the Militia of the Tower Division in the County of Middlesex, commonly known by the Name of The Toiuer Hamlets, is and always has been, under the Command of his Majesty's Constable of the Towny or Lieutenant of the Tower Hcmdets, for the Service and Prefer th.: condam? ot thee vation Gf that Royal Fort; 5 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said, and officers to Constable or Lieutenant, for the Time being, from Time to Time to appoint his Deputy lieute train and ditcioline ihc nants, and to give Commissions to a proper Number of Officers to train and discipline the Militia to Mdit a of the Tower be raised within and for the said Division or Hamlets, pursuant toan Act of the thirteenth and four ilamlets, pariuant to Act teenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, In act for ordering the Forces of the wii chd, c to^ba a Several Counties of this Kingdom, and to form the same into two Regiments of eight Companies each, in: ol 2 Regiments of S j fi; ch manner as the said Constable, or Lieutenant, hath used to do; and also for defraying the nc

Companies each; and lie is to raise Trophy Money anno illy, to defray the

cellary Charges of Trophies, and other incident Expenses of the Militia of the same Division or Hamlets, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said Constable or

Yc;

Lieutenant, to continue to raise in every r, the Proportion of a fourth Part of one month's Assessment of 1 rophy Money within the said.

__ i. r'tv vr *- ii..^_ i _ n. i - r r: J An.

ard appoint a Treasurer, who is to render

ir.ci' ent .'irccs, j)jvjrion or Hamlets, in such Manner as he hath used to do by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's said Constable of the Towny or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall appoint a Treasurer of the said Trophy Money, for receiving and paying upon Oath an Account Moneys as shall be levied by virtue of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the chi field o*t 11 e Qua -1 e r ^c'sn f King Charles the Second; which said Treasurer shall yearly account in Writing, and upon Sessions; ani no Money Oath, for the same, to the said Lieutenant, or his Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them; mu be raised till the which Oath they shall have Power to administer; and which Accounts for the same shall be certified Accou its of the pieced to the Justices of the Peace for the said Division at their next general or Quarter Sessions; and pav', d, by that the said Con liable, or Lieutenant, shall not issue out Warrants for raising any Trophy Money, until the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, at such Sessions, shall have examined, stated, and allowed, the Accounts of the Trophy Money raised, levied, and collected _ the preceding Year and certified the same under the Hands and Seals of unless in case where it shall appear to such Justices, that, by reason of or otherwise, such Accounts cannot be passed.

CXLIII. And be it enacted, that the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns and their Members, and in his Absence, his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, may and shall put in Execution within the said Ports, Towns, and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the Justice?; tut) fs by the Death or the Treasurer, such Accounts cannot be passed.

four or more of such Justices, the Death of such Treasurer,

The Lord Warden of the CI q C Prrts, and h!s Lieutenants Jie to execute there.n the Powers

granted th m by former any former Act or Acts, and may and shall execute and perform all^and every the Tilings therein con acv, in like manner a tained, in like manner as his Majesty's respective Lieutcnan

llv: l.ds. i.ruts, and Dc putts of Count.: s may do; and ru.iv continue the iifujl Numberoi sol di' n ll.nein j end the Mi! lla thereof is r z nm"n If aiate fro n th it of the c'.jnct e i in ti »< t, te; ct' > y m; i 'and r ns out i i.tluan e ot oit ers fun i ti r K ing, c' n'hr nume to ill Act or q &. i T c..r, 2. 10c Militia

ts of Counties, and their Deputy Lieutenants, may do; and may keep up and continue the ufnal Number of Soldiers in the said Ports, Towns, and Members, unless he or they find Cause to leften the same; and the Militia of the said Ports, Towns, and Members, hull remain separate from the Militia of the several Counties within which the said Ports, "T owns, and Members are situate; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Warden or his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, in pursuance of Or lers from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and in the Manner prescribed by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, notwithstanding one or more Vonihs Pay advanced he not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the Soldiers into actual Service, and tc caul the Persons charged as by the said Act, to provide their Soldiers with Pay in Hand, not exceeding one month's Pay, in such manner, as if all the Pay advanced and provided had been reimbursed

3

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

2 1.

6-39

imbursed; and to use the like Powers, and to array, assess and arm, muster and exercise the said Sol thereof, notwithstanding

ivipr.m s 1 ay in rid no 5

according to their ancient Privileges and Customs 3 anything in the said act to the contrary not and ma\exercise the uftal withstanding. lor arraying, affecting,

arming and exercising, c. the Men, and raising Trophy Money, c.

to be subject to the Provisions of the said former Acts, or any of them; and the Militia raised by virtue of the said former Acts, shall be subject to all the same Provisions and Regulations as the Militia directed to be raised by virtue of this Act are subjected to.

CXLV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained hall in any wise extend to annul and nothing 'n this Act is or make void anything already done in pursuance of the former Acts relating to the Militia Forces, Fvacarcany rhl"gl'one

in puikunce of the ror

or any or them, or to prevent the completing any rroceedmgs already commenced in pursuance of nici Acts orpreventnny the said Acts. Proceedings commenced

CXLVI. And whereas in the several Counties, Ridings or Places, where the Militia has been !n pursuance thereof.

already raised, several Precepts have issued for the returning Lists of the Names of several Persons liable to serve in the Militia, many of which Lists have been returned, and several Proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of the Laws for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces of that Part of Great Where, in pursuance of Britain called England: And whereas it is necessary that Tome Provision should be made to empower l? mer Acts, the vn the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace in their respective Subdivisions, and the Justices preceptsiftee" for return of the Peace in the said several Counties, Ridings and Divisions in that Part of Great Britain called inglifts, and Proceedings England, to proceed on such Lists, and other Matters relative thereto; ' Be it therefore enacted, had thereon; the D.lts. That the said Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace may and shall continue to act and put in anj Justices are to proforce the several Acts of Parliament made in the thirtieth, thirty first, thirty second, and thirty third C f s, t '

Year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, re ters and Things subse lating to the better Ordering of the Militia Forces, and the Pay thereof, in that Part of Great Britain quest: o such Precepts, called England, in all Matters and Things subsequent to the Precepts so issued, and the Lists returned and the Lists returned or or to be returned thereon; and that the Justices of the Peace of the said several Counties, Ridings^ p and Places may and shall cause to be levied the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures already incurred, or penalties incurred oa which may be incurred, in pursuance of the said Militia Laws, as are in and by the said Laws directed j that Account, as these anything in this ALTO the contrary notwithstanding. Laws direct.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, shall Limitation of Actions. be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards j and shall be laid in the County where such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, did arise, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits, Action oradtions, to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, General issue, in Evidence: And if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits, Action or Actions; if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Suit or Suits,

Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall have

[Treble Costs.]

treble cors, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in

other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall This Act to be in force continue and be in force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then nextfor 7 ear,

e.xplalr.ed and amir, did hyp

Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXI.

4gy5.3. c. 1

An Act for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's Holborn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the several Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Preamble, r minster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Blooms Explained and amndid fr bury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies in the County of Mi dellejex, the 3 Geo. 3. C. 3, and^4 several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoys and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the -gc0 3* ( 39*

County of Middlesex, are, in general, very ill paved and cleansed, and not duly lighted: And whereas the prvfent Methods prescribed by Law for paving, cleansing and lighting the said Squares,

Streets and Lanes are ineffectual: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Squares, Streets and Lancs, ancfof all Persons passing through the same,

if the Pavements thereof were properly laid and regulated, and the said Squares, Streets and Lanes kept clean, free from Obstructions and Annoyances, and duly lighted May it therefore please

your.

6a.q

C 21

Anno fecimdo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

carrying into Execution.

Meeting, to e'tdl, by Ballot, ic other Persons to be aftcciated to them in the Trust.

your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty' '*and with the Advice and_consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre

font Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Commissioners appoint this Act, Sir John Guji Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons; and the Speaker of the House ed for carrying this Act of Commons for the Time being; the Members for the County of Middlesex, and the City of jvejl mirjler, for the Time being; the Right Honourable Fronds Kujjel Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Tavistock; the Right Honourable Charles Spencer Esquire, commonly called Lord Charles Spencer', the Right Honourable George Broderick Lord Viscount Midleton in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable James Smith Stanley Esquire, commonly called Lord Strange; the Right Honourable George Harry Grey Esquire, commonly called Lord Grey; the Right Honourable William Pulteney Esquire, commonly called Lord Pulteney; the Right Honourable George Montagu Esquire, commonly called lard Viscount Mandeville; the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable George Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord George Cavendish; the Right Honourable John Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord John Cavendish; Right Honourable Robert Manners, commonly called Lord Robert Manners; the Right Honourable John Lord Carysfort in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, the Right Honourable Sir Francis Dashwood Baronet, the Right Honourable Charles Townshend, the Honourable Thomas Robinson, the Honourable Edward Cornwallis, Sir John Philipps, Sir William Beauchamp proslor, Sir George Colebrooke, ashton Curzon, Henry Bankes, Richard Lowndes, William Fitzherbert, William Dowdeswell, Richard Bull, Peter Burrell, George Cooke, Edward Eliot, Archibald Edmonstone, George Howard, Edtvard Kynaston, William Nor they, Thomas Pitt, John Plumptre, Thomas townjhcr.d junior, John Tucker, George Forjler Tuffnell, James West, Charles Whitworth, John ivilkesy Thomas jvorjley, and the Surveyor of his Majesty's Board of Works for the Time being, John Morton or more, at their first Esquire, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and that they, or any fifteen or^" more of them, shall or may, at their first Meeting, elect, by Ballot, any Number not exceeding

twenty other Persons to be associated to them in the Execution of the Trusts hereby in them reposed; which said Persons so elected, shall be and continue for the Term of their natural Lives Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, with the like Power, in all Respects, as hereby is given to the it, or more, giving 14 Commissioners herein before first appointed: And when any of the Commissioners herein named, or das Nonce, ma; fill u? at any qc; me0 be elected, except such Persons who shall be Commissioners by virtue of any Place or f h^de author re°fusa 1 to shall die or refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, or any

eleven or more of them, at any Meeting for that Purpose assembled, whereof fourteen Days Notice shall have been previously given in ibme public newspapers, to elect, by Ballot, a fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying, or refusing to act; and all Persons who shall be so elected and qualified as this Act directs, are hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Persons in whole Stead they shall be elected were vested with.

IE Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a commis in anyccntra'a'under the fioner in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office, or enter into any Trust, are difquaiifitd Contract, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract, relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall meet together at the Office of the Commissioners for Westminster Bridge in Westminster, on the Thursday sevennight after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places

then to rijeum, and meet within the said City and Liberty, or within the said Parishes or Places aforesaid, or any or either of ' ti ey them, as they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think proper or conve onfauureofafuflk ent.nient for putting this Act in Execution: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Number of CommissionElecting which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act at such Electing, and to adjourn to another Day, then, and in such Case, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, by public Notice in some News Paper printed within the Weekly Bills of Elortality, to be given at least ten Days before the next Meeiing, or, in case the said Clerk shall happen to die before such Notice given, or shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, then any two Commissioners shall and may, by the like public Notice, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Electing was appointed to be held, within fourteen Days next after the Day on which such last Electing was appointed to be held; and the said commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Expenses.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a c0111 missioner in the Execution of this Act, nnlcfs he shall be, in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds; or pofl cived of, or entitled to Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Value of ten thousand Pounds; or be Heir Apparent to any Peer or Lord of Parliament, or to any Person possessed of or entitled to a Real Estate of the clear yearly Value of six hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person not being qualified in manner herein before mentioned, shall presume to act as a Commissioner for putting this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, in Execution, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall fuc for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record,

by

act, of any of the Commissioners, except of such as are CX Officio.

of hold: ng any Office, or intertfled

from acting.as such.

3, or more, are to held their first Meeting at Westminster Bridge Office, on the Thursday fe. vennigh: after passing this Act; and thevare

ners at any Meeting to act and adjourn, the clerk is to appoint another Meeting, giving 10 Days Notice; or, on his Death, Neglect or rc luf.il, 1 of mry appoint one:

They are to bear their own Expenses at all their Meetings.

l.fication of com rnnlioners,

300 1. per Ann.

of io, cco 1.

Penalty jco I. on their adhng, il not <|uat.fied;

T.

y T

by action of Debt, 'or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no eftoin, Protection and they are to prove or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And every Person so prosecuted their Qualification, if shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given or pay the

of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act. ena y'

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall it, or more, at their than d may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their second or any subsequent Meeting, giving '°nd or fubmuent fourteen Days Notice thereof - in some public News Paper, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, ore^"e6a^satfjn1t.1 Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, of the Moneys to be raised by virtue and for the |jrersj and Receivers; Purposes of this Act, and so, from Time to Time, to appoint others as they shall find necessary or convenient; and also one or more Surveyor or Surveyors, to view the Condition of the said Squares, ard a Surveyors; Streets and Lanes, and to see that the same are properly paved and kept in Repair, and fufnciently cleansed and lighted; and also such other Officer or Officers as the said Commissioners, or any seven and such other Officers or more of them, shall think necessary: the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, they, or any 7 or more shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person and ce4ry^\akin^proper* Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper; security; and theynwy and likewise may, from Time to Time, remove any or either of such Officers, or other Persons, and remove them, and ap' appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed or shall die: And such Person or Point otbiers persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, Rat "tob: paid to ffie shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be so appointed to collect receiveis and receive the same, for each respective Parish and Place, according to the true Meaning of this act: And all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at Officers, and others, to such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of i!nderan f1upon them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any seven in^h^maimer^yvr" or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and Things more Commissioners committed to their Charge by virtue of this act, and also of all the Moneys which shall have been shall direct; by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Moneys as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said, pay over the Money Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; andt)ne, rfhands all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, which Oath the said mffiloners5. °rm° 6 ° Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer, 2 Commissioners may ad verify their said Accounts: And if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall re minister the Oath: fufc to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the ^ndej"^ such Account same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any five or or to verify the same, or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereto produce and deliver up unto required by any five or more of such Commissioners, all the Books, Papers and Writings in his the Vouchers, 2nd pay Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Moneys over tble Balance, cas, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in maybefued, by aion either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby Drought in the Names authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or actions in the Name of fi0jer°\m0rel°mmir" such Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Moneys that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by any five or more of them, or by such Per or Complaint may be son or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any i'uch Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to brou "ht agai.nft/"e fce* any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, oie - or rno e Ju l cej> Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justices may, and are hereby who are empowered to authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer hear and determine the or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his and their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; distress?and salv, 'the and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by theteftimony of any credible Witness or Money that shall Appear witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer, it to be in such peifon's shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Moneys that shall have been collected or raised by virtue Hands of this act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorised and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; if no Goods or Chattels of such and/<ewant°hqcient Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, o tender ° n t it he re n and the Charges of distraining and selling the same, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such der an Account and Pay justices shall commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, until he shall give and make a mc nt, or shall compound true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Com vvlth5 or more Commi f missioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as ^ion or dead they shall appoint, 'which Composition the said'of, or any five or more of them, are ]ivccrcdp the Writings, hereby empowered to make; or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers and Writings as afore &c. said, and give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said of, or any five or more of them:

C 21.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

1 X or more comnv.itio rruy appoint ofii.ers sau ics, and make Alio vance to such others as haw aided or afi iiled the Execution of this Act.

And the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money arifins by virtue of this act, make such Allowances to the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officer or Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, for and in consideration of his and their respective Office and Offices, and to such other Person and Persons as have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this act, as to them the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

VII. And be it further enacted, That^any person or Persons who shall be employed as a Clerk

Officers tak: nji any Fee

or Reward, other than or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other

their Salaries, for doing V 0 n'n " 1*' 1 r '*-

their Duty,

or laing concerned inln tereit in snvbargaii made by the comm.l fituiers for the Purposes of this af, are disqualified from ever serving, or being employed under this Act; and forfeit a!so iool.

Treasurer to pay over, from Time to Time, the Moneys he receiver, as soon as the same amount to 30c 1 into the Bank, in the Xarne of the Commissioners; which is to be disposed of by anor der cf 5 or more of them.

3 nr more Commissioners areimpowered, from time to time, to order any of the public Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the said City and Liberty, being Thoroughfares for Wheel Carriages, &c. to be paved, altered, cleansed and lighted,

&c.

and also such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, to be dug out of, or brought into the same j and such Artificers and Workmen to be employed; and Money ifl ued; and all other Adds conducive to the Designs of this Act, to be done, as they shall think fit.

Clause in Act 5 Eliz. C 4. repealed, with respect to Persons employed in consequence of this Acts, in paving, c. the said Squares and Streets.

Five or more commissioners may contract for the paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares and streets, &c.

giving 14 Days previous Notice for Persons to deliver in Proposals.

Contractors fordeanfing the Streets may, by Leave and Order of two or more Juflkcs, and making Sa

Officer or Servant, Officers or Servants, who shall be any ways employed by the said Commissioners in putting this Act or any the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, take or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, for or on account of anything done or to be done by virtue of this act, 01 on any Account whatsoever, relative to the putting this act in Execution; or shall any ways be concerned in Interest in any Bargain made or to be made by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this act in Execution; every such Person so offending, shall he incapable of ever serving or being employed under this act, and shall, over and above, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall see for the same, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which said Suit no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as conveniently maybe (during the Continuance of this Act) after the Person or Persons, or either of them, acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, shall, at any Time, have received the Sum of three hundred Pounds of the Mo nies appointed to be received by him or them, by virtue of, and for the Purposes of, this Act, he and they shall, from Time to Time, pay the same into the Bank of England, in the Name of, and on account of, the said Commissioners, and to be disposed of by Order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And, for the better paving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, cleansing and lighting the said Squares, Streets and Fanes, and keeping the same free from Obstrutions and Annoyances, Be it enacted, That from and after the said Thursiday sevennight after the Day of passing this Act, the said Commissioners, or three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to order and direct any of the said public Squares, Streets and Lanes now in being, or hereafter to be made, within the said City and Liberty, and Parishes and Places aforesaid, and which are Thoroughfares used for the Passage of Wheel Carriages, or any Part or Parts of such Squares, Streets and Lanes, as well those Parts used by Foot Passengers as those used by Carriages, to be paved, repaired, raised or altered, cleansed and lighted, when, in such Manner, and as often as they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted and carried out of, or brought into, the said Squares, Streets and Lanes, or into any of them, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters and others, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing of the Ends and Designs of this act.

XI. And whereas by a Clause in an act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,

intituled, An Act containing diverse Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, andappren iices, it is provided that no Person shall use any manual Occupation except he hath been brought up therein seven Years at the lead, which Provision maybe attended with Inconveniences with respect to this actbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause, with respect to such Person or Persons only as shall, by virtue and in consequence of this act, be employed in the Paving and Repairing the said Squares, Streets and Lanes, or any Part thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby empowered from time to Time, at any of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to contract with any fit Person or Persons for paving, keeping in Repair, cleansing and lighting all or any of the said Squares, Streets and Lanes; which Contract and Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contrail, fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some public News Paper, expressing the Intention of the intended contraci, in order that any Persons willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, That the Person so contracted with for cleansing the said Squares, Streets and Lanes, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall have Liberty, by the Approbation and Order of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster respectively, at

4.. then;

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 21.

64

their Petit Sessions, or any two or more of them, to lodge their Dirt, Dust, Allies, or other Filth, in ti<faction, lodge their such vacant and public Places in or near the said Squares, Streets or Lancs, as shall not appear to the D for the accommo said Justices to be intended to be built upon, and shall be thought convenient by the said Justices for fu^pkcct as the Accommodation of the Country Carts; they the said Persons so contracted with, giving such Satis notappea/to belntend faction to the Owners and Occupiers of such vacant Places as the Justices in their Petit Sessions shall edtobe built upon. direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any 3 or more Commissioners

three or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Works done in pur may order ?.]! Works fuance of this act, to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons done in pursuance of this as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently per their Purveyor and y formed, according to the true Sense and Meaning of such contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished where any fl sli' be found and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same are agreed to be completed by the said to be not well and duly contract or Contracts, the said Surveyors or other Persons shall report the same to the said Commis performed, may foe the sioners at their next Meeting, who shall and may thereupon, in their own Names, or in the Name of ors for the

any two of them, bring an action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, ' '

against any Person or Persons so contracting and neglecting to perform such contract or Contracts, Regaled by Gee. 3.

and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in such contract or Contracts; and on the c 39-

proving the Signing of the said contract or Contracts, and nonperformance thereof, at the Time or Times for that Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to, and shall re to be applied to the Pur

cover, such Penalty or Penalties, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Poses ot lhts Act'

act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall be Agreement between

deemed or taken to make void any contract, Covenant or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, ajd

touching or concerning the Paving, Lighting or Cleansing any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets {i^hting^ld^kanfme or Lanes, or either of them; but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such contract or the Streets, not w.c£red Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, cleanse or light any Part of the said Squares, Streets or by this Act;

Lanes, or either of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made bllt the made by and assessed, or so much thereof as shall by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be jieu"hereof 0

deemed just and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such contract, Covenantor Agreement, and a]j Disputes con for and during such Time as such contract, Covenant or Agreement shall remain in force: And in cerning such Agreements case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any five or more to be settled by 5 or of them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same. more Commissioners.

XVI. And, for the better Information of the said Commissioners, as to the Prices which are rea Commissioners, or Personable

to be paid for any such Works as aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fens authorised by them, the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorised by them, or any three or more of them, ov^the^oos'k*e it

shall have Leave to inspect, and to take Copies of, or Extrads out of, any Books kept by any Parish forefoanfing, paving cr Officer or Officers, or other Officer or Officers appointed by Authority of Parliament, within the lighting the Streets and Cities of London or Westm'tn/ler, or County of Middlesex, for the cleaning, paving or lighting any Places in London, West street, Square, Place or district in London, Westminster or Middlesex; the Expense thereof to be de nunster or Middlesex. frayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the said Pavements, Lamps, Iron, Timber, Property of all Materials

Furniture, and of all other Materials and Things which shall be made use of for the Purposes of this for the jfoipofos of this act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners for the Time being, and they, miiiioiiers'6 m or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, .0.

may brine Actions, or

any action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, or to prefer, and order prescrindictments, and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take or carry against any Persons who away any or any Part of such Materials or Things; and, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or shall steal any Part there maliciously break up, destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said Materials or Things, or da^anjd any of the Works done in pursuance of this act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offend so, fcaf'n& 1 5 arncj ing therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness orwitnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the said City and Liberty, shall for the first Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty shillings, norlcfs than ten Shil for the ift Offence, not lings; and for the second, and every other Offence, any Sum not exceeding three Pounds, nor less c.xcceding 4os y01' j013 than twenty Shillings; to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of land veiy^>th°r of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices fence, not exceeding 3 J. before whom such conviction shall be made, which Forfeitures shall be applied to the Purposes of this nor less than zo. to be act: And in case the Person or Persons so offending, and convicted, shall have no Goods or Chattels Ievled by u, ftlcls and whereupon the same can be levied, then, and in every such Case respectively, it shall and may be law aaj iot want of distress full to and for one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or tpe offender to te com their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons respectively to the House mitted to the House of of Correction, there to remain for any Space not exceeding two Calendar Months, nor less than ten Correction, not exceed days, to be reckoned from the Day of Commitment; and the Person or Persons so incurring, and nor Icfs

being convicted of any of the said pecuniary Penalties, shall not be discharged, until he, the or an ljs' they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until the Expiration of the said respective Times.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of 5 or re oner

them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Materials, ^cand^pr°v the Mo

2 1.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

nev to the Purposes of this Act.

to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to buy and purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase Money to the Purposes of this act.

XIX. And whereas the respective Companies who furnish Water to the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, are by Law now authorised or permitted to take up the Pavements, by their Overrents taken up by own Paviours, who may be guilty of negletsis in repairing the same; Be it therefore further enacted the w^onfc 'nlcf °' ^ytne Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Thursday sevennight after the passing this at, are to Ve repaired by^fcc wen and R often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, which shall be co.umiilbr.ers Paviour, completed by virtue of this act, shall be taken up by any Person or Persons employed by any of the at the Expense of such said Companies, the same shall with all convenient Speed be repaired, at the E pence of the respective Company; but where Company, by the Paviour or Paviours contracting with or employed by the said of; but L rle raiseffunk"of fr the Purposes of this A CL it shall at any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or any other altered, for the Purposes w*l"c alter the Position of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the said compa of this Act, the Ex nies for the Purpose of supplying the said City and Liberty, Parishes or Places, with Water as afore pence is to be defrayed said, the same shall be paid for out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this act, and also at all Times cut oi ihe Rates. with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said respective Companies as the Circumstance of the Case will admit of.

5 or more Commissioners

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, ikfi companies 'for^re or ant ^ve or more them, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this AI, to compound laying°such Pavements. agree with any of the said respective Companies for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and in Head of laying down or repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes as shall be necessary to be taken up by the Workmen of the said Companies, for the Purposes of laying down, replacing, altering or amending any of the Pipes.

XXI. And whereas the Commissioners of Sewers are by Law now authorised or permitted to take Pavements taken up by up the Pavements for the Purpose of making or repairing Sewers; Be it therefore enacted, That when the Commi/hcners of and so often as any of the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, which shall be completed author Ex Incc "bvthe Y v>rtuc f this at, shall be taken up for either of the said Purposes, the same shall, with all con commiwners"pavi tjr.? vcnjent Speed, be repaired, at the Expense of the said Commissioners of Sewers, by the Paviour or Paviours contracting with or employed by the Commissioners appointed to put this at in Execution.

5 ormorecommissioners

XXII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners appointed to put may contrast with the this act in Execution, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of for rxying such Pave^<51, to compound and agree with the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the Commissioners for putting this at in Execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and in head of laying down or repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, as shall be necessary to be taken up by the Workmen of the said Commissioners of Sewers, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall make, or cause to be made, any made in the Form of the Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets or Lancs, which shall be Content r't cornpleted by virtue of this Act, or of any Part thereof, or any Encroachment therein, without the or more of Consent and direction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands and on Penalty of 51, over' Seals; upon pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, over and above all and above all expcr.ces Expenses incurred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the same; to be levied bydiffrefs and Sale of the of reinstating the same. Qootjs and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the said City and Liberty, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, when demanded.

5000k to be issued and

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted to his applied out of the Aids ]\/jajesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, there shall and may be she scrvke of^fh^yea^ and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five thousand 1762 to be paid to 5 or Pounds, which shall be p aid to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them", or to such Person more Commissioners, or or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, ap to their Order, and appoint to receive the same, and shall be applied towards new paving the said Squares, Streets and

plied in nev. paving the r said Squares, Streets and '

Receiver to account

XXV. And be it further enacted, That four Times at lead in every Year, or oftener if required, quarterly to the Com an Account from the Books to be kept by the Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates, Duties, and missioners. Sum and Sums of Money, as aforesaid, shall be fairly dated and signed by the said Receiver or Receivers,

and delivered by him or them to the said Commissioners, who, or any five or more of them. Copies of the said Ac are hereby empowered to discharge such Receiver or Receivers of all such Moneys as he or they shall ceedtn^onlie Commis ^avc fa rlyr and tri>ly accounted for; and Copies of the said Accounts, together with Copies of all pro fioticrs2 to be ikiivcrcdin codings, Contrails or Agreements, from Time to Time, had and made by the said Commissioners for every s'cflior.s to parjia any of the Purposes of this act, shall be delivered to each House of Parliament, within thirty Days ment, within 3cdays after the Opening of every Session of Parliament.

after the Opening.

Penalty < f Laying Ashes,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall throw, caff or lay,

ihe siw'ij", b«s ccsem r cswfc or permit or fuller to be thrown, castor laid any Allies, Dust, Dirt, Soil, or other Filth or V M Annoy

xnents.

No Alteration to be

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

2 1.

645

Annoyance whatsoever, before any dwelling house, Shop, Stable, Building or Wall in any or either Scavenger come? to carry

of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, being Thoroughfares for Wheel Carriages, and which shall be away the same,

completed by virtue of this Act, but hall keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the Person or Persons contracted with or employed to carry away such

Allies, Dud, Dirt, Filth or Soil do come by or near their Houses, Doors or Places, where they dwell,

with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences for carrying away the same j upon pain of forfeiting for the first Offence the Sum of five Shillings, for the second Offence the Sum of ten Shillings, and for is for the ift Offence 5 s.

the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; to be levied and applied in such for^cl los',

manner as any of the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted are directed to be levied and other°o*ncedcs!'ery

applied. '

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, Obstruction, Nuisance, for the future, set out, lay, drive or carry, or cause or procure, permit or suffer to be set out, laid, r In, crioac.hrt1e'lt occa' drove or carried any Coach, Cart, Dray, Wagon, or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or Callages Timber, or any other Material, Matter or Thing, which may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance or Obstruction other Materia], Matter whatever, in any of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, being Thoroughfares used for Wheel Car or Thing in the Streets, riages, and which shall be completed by virtue of this Act, so as to stop, obstruct, incommode or &c endanger any Person or Persons, Carriage or Carriages whatsoever, passing thereon; or if any Cart, °qr rb/^n]'0*ce'r Wagon, or other Carriage, shall be fullered to remain in any of such Squares, Streets or Lanes, any, hln is r.ctessary for the longer than is needful and proper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively; it shall loading or unloading and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Complaint of any thereof, may be removed, such Obstruction, Nuisance or Encroachment, to cause the same to be removed, taken, carried away, Order of and depoffted in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall thereof, ttcth char es direct or appoint, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all of the offender, he pay costs, Charges and Expenses attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also ing moreover a Sum not a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings; to be levied, recovered and applied in such manner as any Pe excee<hng os nalties hereby inflicted are directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

XXVIII. And whereas Persons concerned in building and repairing Houses, and other Works, fre questly enclose Parts of the public Streets with Boards, and otherwise, to make Mortar in, and de posit Bricks, Lime and other Materials, to the great Annoyance and Danger of Passengers and Carriages passing and repassing Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the firs Meeting of j'5'0tncio('ure> the the said Commissioners no Person or Persons shall erect, build or setup, or cause or procure to be houre^obe^made^n erected, built or setup, in any Part of the Squares, Streets or Lanes aforesaid, which shall be com any of the Streets, c. pleated by virtue of this Act, which are or shall be Thoroughfares for Wheel Carriages, any Inclo which shall be compleat sure. Polls, Bars or Rails, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever for the Purposes aforesaid, withouted. virtue f tl7is the Consent of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in Writing under their Hands ^.^oi'^commission and Seals firs had and obtained; upon pain of forfeiting, for every twelve Hours such Nuisance shall, ers> on penalty of for remain and continue, a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings; to be levied, recovered and applied in feiting net exceeding such manner as any of the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted are directed to be levied, reco 20 s for every 12 Hours vered and applied. lucu iifank shall re

XXIX. And, for defraying the Charges and Expenses of paving, repairing, cleansing and light ain' ing the said Squares, Streets and Lanes, now being or hereafter to be made within the said City and Liberty, and Parishes and Places aforesaid, which are or shall be Thoroughfares for Wheel Carriages,

and for preventing Annoyances therein; Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A Kate, exceeding Act, one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, twice in every Year, or oftener, if s; 6d' In th^l°und> it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be made, laid and &c. 6by2; or more Com!' assessed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, of and upon all and every the Lands, missioner, half yearly, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within the said City and Liberty, or oftener, for defraying and Parishes and Places, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or the Expenses of paving, any five or more of them, shall yearly and every Year order and direct, so as such Rates or Assess lig htin"^he st re jts," ments do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence in the Pound, in any one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Te to be ascertained by the nements, as the same shall have been ascertained and rated towards the Relief of the Poor in such Pa Poor Rate of the rc rish or Place respectively for each preceding Year; which Rate or Rates', Assessment or Assessments, rco1'1 all es>and to shall be paid quarterly by such Person and Persons, and in such Proportion, Manner and Form as the Rates towards the Relief of the Poor are now paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Receiver or Re o f*'r'rntr7 ceivers to be appointed in pursuance of this Actor any or either of them, at all' convenient Times, Commiss inels^ma^ in first having an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for spe£t the Parish Books that Purpose, to inspect the Books or Rates made for raising Money for the Relief and Maintenance concerning their poor's of the Poor of all or any the Parishes or Places comprehended within this Act, in order to ascertain Rate; the Rates and Assessments to be raised by virtue of this Act, and to take Copies thereof; the Expense and take Copies thereof, to be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And whereas many Houses within the said City and Liberty, Parishes and Places, are by the several Owners or Proprietors thereof let out in Lodgings or Tenements to diverse Tenants,

whereby it will be difficult to rate and qfiefs such Houses, or to recover such Rates and assessments

when made For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Where Houses are let the said Thursday sevennight after passing of this Act, it shall jmd may be lawful to and for the said x(!n>^, ^sod£m£s to lvcr"

Comb

paid quarterly.

C

2 1.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

the Owners are to be assessed j

but the Rate may be levied on the Occupiers,

which is to be allowed them in their Rent.

Where Houses, c. shall

remain a Security for the Arrears.

Where Houses, &rc. are occupied by Foreign MU

Rates,

to pay

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times when they meet, to make a Rate in pursuance of this Act, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to or occupied by two or more Tenants, which Rate and assessment Avail be paid by one or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses; and in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the same, then the Paid Rate and assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her or them so refilling to pay the same; which Distress and Sale shall be made in such Manner as other Distresses and Sales are by this Act directed to be made: And such Occupier or Occupiers of such Tenements are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed on the Owner or Owners thereof in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenants paving such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been due and payable.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall so happen that any of the Lands, Houses,

be empty, muenacted, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, within the or unoccupied, said City and Liberty, Parishes and Places, shall, at any Time from and after the making of the said

Rate or Rates, assessment or assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, that then, and in the Owners are to be every such case, one half of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or the one half of

charged with one half of such other Rates as may be assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the Owner or Proprietors of the said Rates, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; and in case of

an t e rem. es are to ^ereo!, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Cellars, or other Tenements,

shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with such Arrears.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses

Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, at any Time from and

ihrters7or others not ha after the making of the said Rate or Rates, assessment or Assessments, be occupied or held by any bie by Law to pay the Ambassador or Minister from any foreign Prince or State, or other Person or Persons not liable by

Law to pay the Rate or Rates, assessment or Assessments, hereby to be made and laid, that then, and

in every such Case, the said Rate or Rates, assessment or Assessments, shall be wholly paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; and in case of nonpayment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, and the Premiflbs to re Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be, and the main a Security for the same are hereby made, a Security for, and chargeable with such Arrears: And that the said Corn arrears; and an a£h°n missioners, or any live or more of them, shall and may, if they think proper, bring or cause to be the^o\vner°u^ asainst brought any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, against any such Owner or Proprietor for the Money at any Time in Arrear.

Tenants and Occu iers

XXXIV. And to the end the said Rates may be more effectually collected and received, Be it fur are to pay the Rates, there enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pay the whole of such Rates to the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed by the said Commissioners, as herein is di and dedua the Propor redted; and in case of such Payment, such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be at tion paid on account of liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain out of his, her, or their Rent, such the Owner or Proprietor Proportion of such Rates as he, she, or they shall respectively pay on account of the several ow outot their Rent. ner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, and shall be hereby saved and kept harmless from any further Payment of any such Rate or Rates to any Person or Persons to whom any such Rent or Rents should or ought to be paid.

XXXV. And, forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, should be rated and assessed towards the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties, Parishes and Places, 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby required, when and at such Time and Times as the Spaces of Ground, to be Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made shall from Time to Time be made, to rate and assess rated by the Square Yard. ass parj(h Churches, Church Yards, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Schools, Innsof Court, Halls, Societies, Markets, Warehouses, void Spaces of Ground, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, situate, Handing, lying, and being within the said City and Liberty, Parishes and Places, at a Rate to be settled by five or more of the said Commissioners for every square Yard belonging to every such Parish Church, Church Yard, Chapel, Meeting House, Inn of Court, School, Hall, Society, Mar the Rates for parhh ket, Warehouse, dead Wall, void Space of Ground, and other public Buildings whatsoever; the Rate or Rates, Assessment or assessments, to be made and paid for such Parish Churches, Chapels, and Church Yards, to be paid by the respective Church or Chapel Wardens; and the Rate or Rates, assessment or Assessments, to be made and paid for such Meeting Houses, Schools, Inns of Court, Halls, Societies, Markets, Warehouses, dead Walls, void Spaces of the Owners are the same;

All public Buildings, dead Walls, and void

Churches, Chapels, and churchyards, to be paid by the Church or Chapel Wardens; and for other Places, by the respective Proprietors,

Ground, and all other Public Buildings, shall he paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

XXXVI

C

21

64.7

Days after Demand,

the Receiver, by Warrant of 2 Justices,

i ith the Assistance of a

All the Moneys raised & by this Act are vested in the Com

for the Putposes of this Act only.

Penalties and Forfeitures in general, to be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant of a Justice;

And be it further ensiled, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect, or refuse, to pay Where the Rates shall the Sum or Sums of Money on him, her, or them rated and assessed by virtue of this at, for the not be paid within jo Space of ten Days after personal Demand thereof, or Demand in Writing, left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons so rated and assessed, and neglecting or refusing to pay such Rate and assessment, that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers appointed to receive the said Rates or Assessments (by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case may happen, which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant) by and with the Assistance of a Constable of the Parish or Place where constably such Neglect or Refusal shall happen, who is hereby required to be aiding and assisting, to enter into

any Part of the premisses, within the said City and Liberty, Parishes or Places, occupied by the Per.

or Persons so rated and assessed, and to distrain his, her, and their Goods and Chattles; and if the charges, 2 by^distress same shall not be replevied, or the Moneys paid within five Days after such Distress made, together with and Sale the Colts of making such Distress, to be ascertained by any two or more of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County, or City and Liberty, as the Case may require, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part thereof as will be sufficient to pay the said Rate and assessment, together with all Costs and Charges attending the said Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattles.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all the Money raised by virtue of this Act, and all Moneys appropriated, given, or paid, for the Purposes of this at, shall be, ai vkllcu om and the same are, hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be by them applied for the Pur mmloners, " o be applied poses of this ab, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this at imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace for the said County of mid cllefex, or the City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case may be, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Confection of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any one or more credible witncts or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer; the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after ren and to be paid to the dering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattles shall commissionerstieafurer. be so diffrained and sold, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid

to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this at.

XXXIX. And be it further eha&ed, That if any Receiver or Receivers shall happen to die before Balance of Money re

he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money by him or them received by virtue of this af the thne"of^he re a<5h, then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators, Executrix or Administratrix, Tver's Death is to be or other legal Representative or Representatives, or Person or Persons poflefting the late Estate and Ef paid by the Executors of fetfts of every such Receiver or Receivers, shall, out of such Estate or Effects, pay the said Treafu the deceased sestate $ rer or Treasurers for the Time being, all such Sums of Money by such Receiver or Receivers so received and not paid, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Eftedfs will extend to pay; and the _.

Receipt of three or more of the said Commissioners shall be a good Discharge for such Money; more comrffiffionfrsjs°a and every Executor or Administrator, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit sufficient Discharge for commenced or brought against him, her or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, the same; but on Notv and shall be allowed Payment of the same out of such Estate or Effects; and in case of nonpayment p ?yment within 21 Days of the same, by the Space of twenty-one Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be fter'^t^ethe jwu"

lawful to and for the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and he or they is and are hereby tors, J

directed and required, in his or their own Name or Names, to commence and bring one or more Action or Actions in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Executors or Administrators, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same.

XL. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and that may be charged and rated towards defraying the Expense of paving, repairing, cleansing and lighting, the said Squares, Streets and Lanes, may, before the Sums which shall be so rated on them respectively shall be paid, quit and leave their dwelling houses, Warehouses, Shops, Vaults, Cellars, or Tenements, in the Parish or Place where they shall be so rated and assessed, and remove into Tome other of the said Parishes orpla ces, or out of the Limits thereof, and thereby endeavour to evade the Payment of such Rates and assessments Be it therefore further enabled, That where any Person or Persons who hath or have Where Persons rated foall been so rated and assessed, shall quit his, her, or their dwelling house, Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cel th, eir ^oufes'.&j* lar, or Tenement, in the Parish or Place wherein such Rate or assessment has been made, before he, 1 ey avepai 1 e she, or they, shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due and de.

by the Person or Persons authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, rant^f^tustices for" and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receiver or Receivers, and every or Middlesex, or City and any of them, by Warrant obtained under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace Liberty of Westminster, for the County of Middlesex, or for the said City and Liberty, as the Case shall happen; which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant in any Place within the said City and Liberty, Parishes or Places, or out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or art ?einbmr*y countersigned by Tome Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made; traacteefor tlptacewb^s

to the Distress is to be roads)

O > 2 I

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

n ay levy the Rates, and to dilirain the Goods and chattles of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling, and the same a!j.csha/ses' by D "'leis to sell, rendering the Overplus, if any such shall be, after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expenses ot such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattles demanding the same, to be ascertained in like manner as the Costs and Charges of other Diltrelles and Saies are herein before provided and directed to be ascertained.

No Rate to be made up

XLI. And be it enacted, That no such Rate, or assessment shall be made upon upon any Square, on any Phce, till the Street, or Lane, until the Pavement of such Square, Street, or Lane, shall be completed, by \ntue pavement is completed $ this Act. and that after the Pavement of such Square, Street, or Lane, shall be completed, all ttade* (except between Contracts before made, except between Landlord and Tenant, for paving, repairing, lighting, or Landlord and Tenant) cleansing the same, shall be void, for paving, cleansing, or lighting the Streets, are then to cease.

Persons paying to these

XLII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and alteltments Rates, areexempted from by this al laid, shall be, and they and every of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged ...J from the Charge and Expense of paying, cleansing, lighting, or keeping in Repair, the said

all other Charges and Penalties on account thereof.

As soon as any Rale shall be made by virtue of this at, the Owners oroc cupiers of Houses, c.

2 Helled thereto,

Squares, Streets, or Lanes, or any of them; and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or keep the same, in Repair.

XLIII. And whereas Provision has been made in several former alsof Parliament, either for ( paving, cleansing, lighting, or keeping in Repair, some or all of the Squares, Streets, or Lanes, or some Part thereof, intended to be paved, cleansed, lighted, and kept in Repair by this acthe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any Rate or Assessment shall be made, laid, orafiefled, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by virtue and in pursuance of this Acton the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults,: re discharged from Payor other Tenements, or on any Church or Chapel wardens for and on account of any Ground be nient of like Rates made longing to any Church, churchyard, or Chapel, such Owners, or Occupiers, and such Church aftpurfuance f former or Chapel wardens respectively, shall be no longer liable to be charged to any Rate or assessment, for and on account of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or for or on account of such Church, churchyard, or Chapel, by virtue and in pursuance of the said former Adds, or any of them.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to any Place or Places whatsoever, which are already under or included in an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled,

Inhabitants of St. james's Square, being included in an Act of 12 Geo. 1. c. 25.

Soh: Original y but the

<"26. 11 ° ocu houses in lincoln's Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for raising 2nd Golden Square, in Money sufficient to cnclcfe, clean, and adorn the said Fields; or in an Act made in the twenty-fourth an Act of 24 Geo. 2. C Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the pnfent and future Proprietors 2.7. are exempted out of arui Inhabitants of the Houses in Golden square, in the Parish of Saint james's, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to snake and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient for the better in clcfing, paving, enlightening, and adorning of the said Squarcy and supporting and keeping of the same in Repair for the future.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend orbecon uii^_ stru: d' to extend, to any Part or Parts of any Street, Road, or Place, which is already di ted to be paved, lighted, redlca to be paved, repaired, cleansed, or lighted, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of par or cie: nf.'d, by any Road Lament for repairing any Road or Highway; nor to a Place called Dean's Yard, and such other Places Act; no. todcan syard, as are atij0jn; ng to the Well and South eall Doors of Westminster Abbey, not being Street Pavement, an Jl nin i but within the Polls and Rails; but that such last mentioned Place and Places be paved, repaired, cleansed, and lighted at the Expense of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, as has been accullom ed to be done.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered, to make a new Passage, or widen the old one, from Drury-lane into Great kohieen Street, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County into orcat Qnrcn Street, of Middlesex, at or near a certain Place called the Devil's Cap. and near adjoining to the Eall Ena of Long Acre, and for that Purpose to purchase any House or Houses, with the Appurtenances and the Ground and Soil thereof, on the South Side of the said Cap. not exceeding six in Number, and & c of ex C ct! i n ' foe 'in to W art f the Soil and Ground of such House or Houses so purchased, as they shall see proper Number; and if 'they and most convenient for the Public, towards widening the said Cap; and if a new Passage shall make a new one, may be found most proper and convenient, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may inclose and fell the old inclose, sell, and dispose of tile said Passage for the Purpose of building thereon; and after the j' r.gc for building up fjj ncvvr pa|lage shall be made, or the present one widened, the said Commissioners may pave, repair,

widened Passage, in like manner, and under the same Powers,

as is herein before provided, in respect of the

XLVII

This at not to extend to such Parts of Streets, cas are already direc

laces adjoining to the South and wefl Doors Westminster Abbey.

Seven or more commissioner3 may make a new Passage, or widen the old one, from Drury-lane Queen at the devil'a Cap; and purchase ho.lcs and

and amend the said new or like mann r as he rrovisions. Kuics, Regulations, and Authorities, Square ami street, c. Squares, Streets, and Lancs before mentioned.

before mentioned. r

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

21.

649

Houses ovground.

Persons aggrieved, where no other Method of Relief is appointed, may appeal to the Quarter sessions within g Months; giving jz Days Notice of such Appeal to the Clerk or Treasurer, and entering into Recognisance, with Security, to try the same, c. Justices to determine such Appeal in a summary Way, and award Coils,

XLVII. Provided always, That no Part of the Moneys that shall be given by Parliament for the No Part of the Rates, or Purposes of this Act, nor any Part of the Moneys that shall be raised by the Rates to be made and Money granted by Par. levied by virtue of this Act, shall be applied to the purpose of purchasing the said Houses, or ary of llam«nt>1: obe PP, em

'a 1 C u ..1 C the Purchase of the said

them, or the Ground or boil thereof.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any hing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County or, Jlaee wherein the Cause of Complaint hall arise, and within three Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appellant first giving or causing to be given twenty-one Days Notice at the least in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and within two Days after such Notice, entering into Recognisance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering in: o such Recognisance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tresspasser or Trespasser, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

tisfaction only for the Damage, in an Action on

L Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought: And in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by j^eave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments, shall be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of or only ligned by any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of or only signed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Duty whatsoever.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that purpose; such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks, at any Meeting of three or more of the said Commissioners assembled, as the Case shall require; and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders: Which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act or Order of the said commissioners shall be valid, unless done or made at some public Meeting.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful, nor the Party making it, a Trespasser, for want of Form in the Proceedings; nor the Party distraining a tref pafler ab initio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity.

Party to recover full sa the Case

But where sufficient Tender shall have been made before the Action brought, the Plaintiff is not to recover. Defendant, with Leave, may pay Money into Court, c.

Contrasts and other Writing not chargeable with any Duty.

Orders and Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in Books, and signed by the Clerk; which may be produced and read in Evidence.

No Act, cof the Commissioners valid, unless done at a public Meeting.

Proceedings against Offenders nor liable to be qurffied for want of Form; or removable by Certiorari.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form; or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com Limitation of Action?, menced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall he (o brought; and evfcry such Action shall be brought, laid and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Vol. VIII 4 O Place j

General Jrtke,

Treble Certs.

See farther 3 Geo. 3. r. 23.

freaml'e.

A Register Hook is to be. provided in every 2'avifiij by 1 July 1762;

'Tint for any Parish wherein tl.ers is a Workhouse, cis to be ruled and di/tin guished into Columns, according to the annexed Schedule marked (A j and that where

A'J Infanls under 4. Years of a^e, which shall be iri any such Workhouse, XC

or under the.care of the Churchwardens or Ottrfcers of the Poor, on the said 1 rt July, fh sil be entered therein

as shall also all Infants lip.hr tile said Age, wh cli shall be bro ght '0 the Workhouse, or be order the Car" of the Churchwa'ns, afttrahe said Day.

The f rt annul re g.th r is to commence on the fid 1 July, an'*! 'ill (it 31 l)cc. cr.l'u; and afrer ward3 to commence on

At the Exni atmn of each yf ir, all inlaotj uadtr the Age atore

C 22. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

Place j and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the 'Dime before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts filiali be found for such Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or fuster a Discontiivuance of such Action or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers, in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be gi ven for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may nave for his, her or their Colts in any other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the keeping regular, uniform and annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality.

WHEREAS the keeping regular, uniform and annual Registers of av Parish Poor Infants under four Years of Age, within the Bills of Mortality, may be a Aleans of preferring the Lives of sinh Infants; 'May it therefore please your Majestry, that it may be enacted; and Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every Parish within, the Bills of Mortality, or some one or more of them, shall, on or before the firs: Day of July in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, provide, or cause to be provided, at the Expense of their respective Parish, one Book of Royal Paper; and the Book belonging to such respective Parish wherein there is or shall be any Workhouse, Hospital, or other House or Place provided for the Maintenance of the Poor, shall, in every Page, be ruled with distinct Columns, and the Title of each Column shall be wrote or printed in such Page, agreeable to the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A); and the Book belonging to ea.c, h respective Parish wherein there is not, nor shall be, any such Workhouse, hospital house or Place, shall', in every Page, be ruled with distinct Columns, and the Title of each Column shall be wrote or printed in such Page, agreeable to the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B).

there is no such Workhouse, Sic. according to the Schedule marked (B).

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the i'oor, or some one or more of them, shall enter, or cause to be entered, in the Book belonging, to their re.pcdtive Parish, and provided in pursuance of this Act, all the Infants under the Age of four Years, which, on the said fi ft Day o\'july, shall be in the Workhouse or Workhouses, Hospital or Hospitals, or other House or Houses, Place or Places, provided for the Maintenance of the Poor of each Parish respectively, or under the Care of the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, with the Times when they were received, their Names, Age, and whatever Description. relates to them, as far as can be traced, being agreeable to the Schedules annexed.

agreeajrte.to the said Schedules;

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sirs Day of July, all Infants under the Age of four Years, who shall be brought to any work house or hospital house, or Place provided for the Maintenance of the Poor, or be under the Care of the said Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, in their respective Parishes, or any of them, fill all be, by the said Church, ward ns or Overseers of the Poor, or some one or more of them, or by the Direction or Command of Ionic one or more of them, entered regularly in the Book aforesaid, with the Times of their Admittance, and all Circumstances relating to them, agreeable to the Titles and Heads of the Columns, in the said Schedules mentioned and set forth.

IV. And be it fort' er enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'liat the firs annual Regiffcr hereby intended and dirt died to be kept, shall commence on the said firs: Day of July, and shall end on the thirrv first Day of decen.ber culling; and, after.that.time, the said annual Regiffcr shall commence; the fuss Day of January and end the thirty first Day of December following.

1 j.u.u.rry, sail end cn 31 December following.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Expiration of each Year the names.of all the Infants under four Years of Age, then living, and registered in the said annual;

Regi sters>)

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

72.

65i

whore pa rcrcive Mow

Registers, and not discharged from being under the Care of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the (hid, then living and

Pcor, shall be transferred to the Registers for the Year cnfiling, under their proper Dates of Reetp

tion, and under the Description in which they (land in the preceding Registers, precious to any fur ^c?rr('jc0

there Entry; so that each annual Register shall contain a full and distir.cft Register of the whole Num for the ensuing Year,

her of Infants under the Age abovementioned, under the Care of the Parish at that Time, as well previous to any itwur

as the Children received under the said Age, in the current Year, without being intermixed or blended e«tr> i

with the Deaths or Discharges of any in the preceding Years.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said annual Registers, and and be signed by the every of them, shall be signed within thirty Days after the Expiration of each respective Year by Vefiry, Churchwardens, the Vestry, or any five of them, and by the Churchwardens, Overseers, vestryclerk, and Master of an amaster V yihe'^ the work house, for the Time being; and where there is no Vestry or Vestry Clerk, by the Church w, i kl>ouse, where wardens, Overseers, and Matter of the work house; and where there is no Matter of the Work there are any such. house, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Infant is received into Infants received before the Workhouse, or under the Care of said Infant is baptised, or known to

fourteen Days after the Reception of such Infant, so that the Christian and the true Surname, if and be named, 'if not known, and, if not known, a Surname to be given by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the known, by the Church. Poor, or any one of them, be regularly entered in the said Book; and the Name and Surname of wardens?nd Oveifters, inch Infant shall also be registered in the Purish Register of such Parish: And in case of a Difficulty and iegulered accord of distinguishing Children, some proper Mark shall be affixed to the child's Clothes, or hung round ^fd they may L C oiflin his or her Neck. guilhal by affixing suns

Mark to there; ,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall] Children extend, or be construed to extend, to such Children whole Parents receive Money from the Parish ^.enrs rt: < 5 in Aid of the Maintenance and Support of such Children, they not being in the Workhouse, or other; [oni c'e 1 arn tn" !'3

n tt r*J a 5 their Support, are not

i anfh house - _ in the Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Copy of the said Register wrote Cory ot* t|lc Reejfl, r; 3 up, from Time to Time, shall, every Month, be laid by the Vestry Clerk, or other Person appointed to be Lid monthly le for that Purpose, before the respective Vestries, or other parochial Meetings assembled in Vestry, that ioc the Vestry;

the same may be revised by them.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Copy of the Register and at the End of every

being completed at the End of the Year, shall be deposited in the Vestry Room, or other Place ear ac°py^tn.e

of parochial Meetings, to remain there for the Use of the vestry men, or other parochial Meet 13

ings. y iv'*

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That tyre original Register Book shall and the Original is to

remain and be carefully preserved and kept with the rest of the Parish Books in the Hands of the !ie trorvlf wllh the Parish Officers for the Time being. _ # panabccks;

XII. and. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the respective Parishes and signed Copies cf ihe

within the Bills of Mortality by the Hand of their Vestry Clerk, or, where there is no Vestry several Registers for the Clerk, by the Hands of the Churchwardens, or one of them, shall, on or before the fifteenth Day, Par: ES are

of February in every Year, deliver fair Copies of their respective Registers of Children under the ty 15 Feb.to the clerk Age of four Years, signed in manner hereby directed, into the Hands of the Clerk of the Master, of the Company of Pa wardens, and Court of Assistants of the Company of Parish Clerks, or such Personas the said Master, rifficleiks; Wardens, and Court of Assistants of the said Company, shall appoint, he returning a Receipt for the porch he 1s t0sue fern? signed by himself _ pt

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Clerk, or other nd is to cause the fold Person appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Court of Assistants of the said Company, shall c°11l£sut? bond ui receive the said Copies of Registers, and cause the same to be bound in a Book, collecting and In 3 p a etlca older ranging together the Registers of the ninety seven Parishes within the Walls of the City of London,

those of the seventeen Parishes without the Walls of the City of London, those of the twenty-three Parishes i Middlesex and Surrey, and those of the ten Parishes in the City and Liberty of ivrjhninster, and Iralce out ^rorn

in alphabetical Order; and in this Order hclhall, on or before the twenty-fifth D -- C*.': — then

Year, make out, or cause to be made out, one General Abstract of the same.

in alphabetical Order; and in this Order helhall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March in every '^'^- "viarch

Year, make out, or cause to be made out, one General Abstract of the same. yearly'; y 1 ak 1

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Registers of the respectanacfx0, fi the tive Parishes, together with the said General abstrah, being bound in a Book together, shall remain the reaiflen^wlh rbe depcrfited in the Hands and Custody of the said Master, Wardens, and Court of Assistants of the said master'.p.d Wardens of Company of Parish Clerks. the Company;

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clerk, or other Per and he is to print the

son appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Court of Assistants of the said Company of Parish Paid Abstract, and <3en clerks, shall print, or cause to be printed, the said general Abstract, and deliver six Copies thereof^use^each par'fh^ to every Vestry Clerk, or to one of the Churchwardens, of all the respective Parishes within the to the respective Vestry Bills of Mortality, for the Use of the Parishioners and Parish Officers. Clerks or Churchwardens

XVI. And be it

t further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and in consideration of for all which he is to be the Expense and Trouble of receiving the said Copies of registers, making an exaift abstract paid by each such Vestry

Oz thereof, clcr, t orth"h"j1

652

den, on Delivery of the said Copies, 15s. passing a Receipt for the same.

Churchwardens and ethers neglecting their Duty in the premisses, forfeit to the Informer 40 s. for every Offence;

to he recovered by Distress and Sale, by Warrant of a Justice.

C 22. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

thereof, binding the Remitters and Abstracts in a Book to remain as a Depositary of the same, printing the General Abstract, distributing the Copies thereof, with other contingent Expenses relating to the same, each Parish shall, by the Hands of the Vestry Clerk or Churchwarden, pay into the Hands of the Clerk or other Person appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Court of Assistants of the said Company of Parish Clerks, the Sum of fifteen Shillings at the Time the said Copies of Registers are delivered to him, he passing a Receipt for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Churchwarden, over seer of the Poor, Vestryman, Clerk of the Vestry, Master of the Workhouse, Master or Warden of such Company of Parish Clerks, or any Clerk of such Company, or any other Person or Persons, shall neglect his Duty as directed in and by this act, such Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, Clerk of the Vestry, or Master of the Workhouse, Master or Warden of such Company of Parish Clerks, or such Clerk of such Company, Person or Persons, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay to the Informer the Sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice before whom the same shall be recovered, directed to anyconstable or other Peace Officer.

ANNUAL

( Schedule B)

ANNUAL REGISTER of the PARISH POOR (under Four Years of Age) from the Day of to the of of the

PARI S H of (where there is not a Workhouse) according to the Act of Parliament of the Second of his Majesty King GEORGE the Third.

Name of the Child, if a Foundling, mark F If a Ballard, - B if a Casualty - - - If the same Child taken in a second Time, mark the second Entry of the Name -- ..-2 if a third Time - - 3 cage

real or reputed. Years Y Months M Days D

Y 1m1 D

When received under the Care of the Parish If born of a Mother under the Care of the Parish, mark the Date.

Name of the Person by whom sent.

If by an Officer of the Parish, mark the Name - O If by the Father - - F if by the Mother - M

If Money be leceiv ed with a ny Child whatsum

Name of the Person by whom the Child is received on the Parish Account.

If Removed or Passed, to

what Place.

nurse's Name to whom delivered to be nursed. if a wet Nurse -

If a dry Nursed

If the Nurse dies, or changed, write the name of the new Nurse under the former.

If nursed by the Mother, - M

Place where the Nurse lives.

AS

tjj

3

Bounty

to N urfes.

If died at Nurse, when.

When delivered to the Father, Mother, or o there Person!

to the Father mark F If to the Mother - M If to any other Person, mention Ills or her Name.

4 O 4

( Schedule A)

ANNUAL REGISTER of the PARISH POOR (under Four Years of Age) from the Day of to the of

the PARI S H of (where there is a Workhouse) according to the Act of Parliament of the Second of his Majesty King GEORGE the Third.

of

Name of the Child.

If a Foundling, mark F If a Ballard, - B If acafualty, - - C If the same Child is taken a secondtime.mark the second Entry of the Name -- -- -2

If a third Time - - 3 & C

Age real or reputed. Years Y Months M Days D

Y MI D

If born in the Workhouse, when. If not born in the Workhouse, when admitted.

Name of the Person by whom sent.

If by an Officer mark the Name - O If by the Father - - F If by the Mother - M

If Money be received with a ny Child, whatsum. When died in the Workhouse.

When discharged from the Workhouse.

If nursed by the Mother, mark - M

If Removed or Passed, to

what Place.

When delivered from the Workhouse to the Father, Mother, or other Person if to the Father mark F If to the Mother - M I f to any other Person, mentionhis or hername.

nurse's Name to whom delivered to be nursed. If a wet Nurse, mark W

If a dry Nurse ——

If the Nurse dies, or is changed, write the Name of the new Nurse under the former.

Place - where the Nurse lives.

z

Bounty to N urfes.

If died at Nurse, when.

[f taken from Nurse, when. — If brought to the Workhouse, mark — W If delivered to the Mother, mark - M If to the Father - - F If to any other Person. mention his or her Name.

4 0 3

( Schedule B)

I

1 '

i! j) D

( Schedule A)

ANNUAL REGISTER of the PARISH POOR (under Four Years of Age) from the Day of to the of

the PARI S H of (where there is a Workhouse) according to the Act of Parliament of the Second of his Majesty King GEORGE the Third.

- ; i i I

of

Name of the Child.

If a Foundling, mark F If a Bastard - If acafualty, - - C If the same Child is taken a fccondyime.mark the second Entry of the Name -- -- a

Tf a third Time - - 3 cage

real or reputed. Years Y Months M Days D

If born in the Workhouse, when.

Y !M.D.

If not born in

the Workhouse, when admitted.

Name of the Person by whom sent.

If by an Officer mark the Name - O If by the Father - - F If by the Mother - M

If Money be received with a ny Child, whatsum.

When died in the Workhouse. When discharged from the Workhouse. If nursed by the Mother, mark - M

j

to

what Place,

When delivered from the Workhouse to the Father, Mother, or other Person. If to the Father mark F If to the Mother - M If to any other Person, mention his or hername.

nurse's Name to whom delivered to be nursed. f a wet Nurse, mark W

if a dry Nurse ——

If the Nurse dies, or is changed, write the Name of the new Nurse under the former.

Place where the Nurse lives.

3

D

Bounty

to

Nurses.

If died at Nurse, when.

If taken from Nurse, when. — If brought to the Workhouse, mark -- If delivered to the Mother, mark - M If to the Father - - F If to any other Person. mention his or her Name.

4o3

( Schedule B)

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 23 — 25,

Si

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; for the making and filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

EXP.

Farther Time given for these Purposes to 28 Nov. 1762. See 3 Go. 3. C 5,

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for Importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of Nova Scotia in America.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, whether his Majesty's Subjects may lawfully import Salt directly from any foreign Port in Europe into the Colony of Nova Scotia in America for the U fe of the Fishery there, in like manner as is allowed for the Fisheries of New England and Newfoundland, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And whereas very considerable Establishments have lately been made in the said Colony by fisher men from different Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, with a view to carry on the Fishery upon the adjacent Banks: In order therefore to remove such Doubts as aforesaid, and for the Encouragement of so valuable a Branch of the Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects, which was one principal ob jedt of the Settlement of this Colony, and of the pneouragement given by Parliament for the Support of such Settlement, May it may please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Subjects to carry and import Salt from any Part of Europe into the Colony of Nova Scotia in America, in Britiftj Ships and Vessels, manned and navigated according to the Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation 3 and in the same manner as Salt may be imported from Europe into New England and Newfoundland, by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade 3 any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

[Preamble.]

Forform. Laws concerning Salt refer to 5 IV & M. C 7. 10 & 11 FF. 3. C 22. 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 21.

2 & 3 Ann, C 14. 4

Ann. C 12. 5 Ann. C

29. 6 Ann. C 12. 9

Ann. C 23. 12 Ann. ft.

2. C 2. 5 Geo. 1. C ib. 8 Geo. I. C 4 £? 16. IX Geo. 1. c. 30. 3 Geo. 2.

C 20. 5 Geo. 2. c. 6.

8 Geo. 2. c. 12. 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. C

3 fij? 32.

from and after 1 July, 1762. Salt may be imported by his Majesty's Subjects from any Part of Europe into Nova Scotia, in British vessels navigated according to Ad 12 Car. 2. C is. and in like manner as Salt may be imported from Europe into New England, can

at for Naturalising such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in his Majesty's Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second intituled, An Act for Naturalising such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled or ft callfettle, in any of his Adaj eft) 's Colonies in America; all Persons born out of the Legiance of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, who shall have inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit or reside, for the Space of seven Years, or more, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in Acne rica, or shall not have been absent out of the said Colonies, for a longer Space than two Months at any one Time during the said seven Years, are, upon the Conditions prescribed by the said Act, naturalised and made Partakers of all the Benefits and Privileges which the natural born Subjects of this realm do enjoy, other than such as arespecified in a Proviso in the said Act contained: And whereas Commissions have been granted to a certain Number of foreign Protestants in America, in pursuance of a Power given by a subsequent Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications; which said Officers have been very useful to his Majesty's Service, by the raising of a great Number of Men, and training them to discipline as Soldiers: And whereas several of the said Officers, since the paf sing of the above recited Acts, have purchased Estates in America, by which, as well as by their faithful Services, they have given the strongest Assurances of their Attachment and Fidelity to his Majesty's Government: And whereas it is just to reward the past Services of the said Officers and Sol diers, and to give Encouragement for their future good Conduct; and it is likewise expedient to add Inducements to such foreign Protestants as have settled, or may hereafter settle, in America, to engage in his Majesty's Service \ Be it therefore eitadted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such foreign Protestants, as well Officers as Soldiers, who have served, or shall hereafter serve, in the Royal American p, egiment, or as Engineers in America, for the Space of two Years, and shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration appointed by an act made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the first, intituled, An Act f 'or the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government)

Preamble, reciting hcq 13 Geo. 2. c. 7.

and 29 Geo. 2. c. 5.

Foreign Protestants serving in the Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America, for the Space of 2 Years, & qualifying themselves as the Ad X Geo. x.directs.

Sa

J

C 26) 2y,

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

7r; ?; 7f, rv the Successon of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for cxiinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wares, his open and secret Abettors; and shall, at the Time of subscribing the said Oaths, and making, repeating, and i'ubscribing the said Declaration, a i roduci:; C produce Certificate, ligned in manner directed by the above recited Act of the thirteenth of his late tes of ths: r having re Majesty, of their having received the Sacrament in same Protestant and Reformed Congregation within c»i\cd the s.icrament in the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within some of the said Colonies in America, within six Months ibme prctrdar.t Church, before that Time, hall be deemed adjudged, and taken to be, his Majesty's natural born Subjects borxtsh? n3tura" of this Kingdom, to all Intents, Construciions, and Purposes, as if they, and every of them, had and Ml pure.hales made been or were born within this Kingdom; and that no Estates, of what Nature or Kind soever, pur b< them since the patting chased by them or any of them, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, since the passing of the Act 29 Geo. 2. declared above recited Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, hall be liable to to be rah.'. Seizure into the Hands of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, or their Titles thereto be otherwise

impeached by reason of their having been Aliens at the Time of their making the said Purchases; the above recited Acts, or any other Statute, Law, or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

None are V t^deemed Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con v by A A Geo. 2. tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to naturalise any Person or Persons whatsoever, who,

c. 21. are decl.'red not to by virtue of an Act made in the th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First* be ir.titled to the Benefit (intituled, An Act to explain a Chase in an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty of the Act of 7 Ann. Gotten Anne, for naturalising foreign Prot ft ants, which relates to the Children of natural born Subjects of c*s e n Orb. but the An act^ Crown f England, or of Great Britain) are declared and enacted not to be entitled to the Benefit rfrrcdti ittbc^thos Geo. of the said Act of the seventh Year of her said majesty's Reign; but that all such Persons shall be tic Second, in the mar. and remain in the same State, Plight, and Condition, to all Intents, Constructions, and purpo gir.j!nets. fes whatsoever, as they would have been in if this act had never been made; anything herein contained

to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

I' J; 'er'.vc: -

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall become a natural born

p'abie of being Privy Subject of this Kingdom by virtue of this Act, shall be thereby enabled to be of the Privy Council,

Counsellors, Kr Memor a Member of either House of Parliament, or to be capable of taking, having, or enjoying, any Others of either House of fjee or Place of Trust within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either Civil or Military; or ( hav'ns' accepting, or taking any Grant from the Crown to himself, or to any other in T rust

Britain or Ireland.'for him, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdoms aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Geo. 3. c. 38.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers. Farther Time given to 25 December 1762.

Preamble, reciting 3 Geo. 2. c. 3a.

Act

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said Court for such Time, betwixt the twentieth Day of December and the fifteenth Day of January yearly, as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding twenty Days.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to make an Adjournment of the said Court, which recites that the said continued Sittings of the Court of session in Scotland, from the first Day of November to the last Day of February yearly had been found inconvenient and bnrthenfome: For Remedy whereof, it is thereby enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Judges of the said Court of Session, and they are hereby i in powered to make an Adjournment of their Sessions, on such Day betwixt the fifteenth Day of December and the fifteenth Day of January yearly, and for such Time as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding ten Days: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that an Adjournment of ten Days in so long a Session is not at all Times sufficient for answering the Purposes thereby intend 4 ed, and that the Course of Business, before the said Court, may often require an Adjournment for some Time longer, not only for enabling the Judges to advise such Causes as they cannot overtake during their Sittings, but al o for enabling the Counccl more fully and accurately to prepare their Causes for the Decision of the Court, whereby great Delays and Expense in carrying on Business before the said Court would be prevented Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Fords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of the said Court of Session in Scotland, and they are hereby empowered to roaiecan Adjournment of make an Adjournment of their Sessions, on such Day betwixt the twentieth Day of December and in^rime'n f cxcccdin' t^lc fificcnth Day f January yearly, and for such Time as they shall judge expedient, not exceeding ^dayt, 4*6 bet a ecu the Space of twenty Days; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pec, ie.d 15 Jan. yearly.

Julgcs empowered to

A.D. 1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 28.

6s.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Burrs

Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many ill disposed Persons, using and navigating upon the River Thames certain, 1.

Boats commonly called Bum Boats, and other vessels, under Pretence of Idling Liquors of different Sorts; and also Slops, Tobacco, Brooms, Fruit, Greens, Gingerbread; and other such like V are and Things, to and amongst the Seamen and Labourers employed in and about Ships

vessels, and other Craft there, do frequently take occasion to cut, damage, and spoil the Cordage,

Cables, Buoys, and Buoy Ropes, and the Tleadfafts and other Faffs belonging to such Ships, Vessels, and Craft, and fraudulently carry away the same; likewise encourage such Seamen and Labourers to dispose of such Cordage, Cables, and Buoys, and such Goods, Merchandizes, Materials, and Stores, secretly and unlawfully, whereby great Losses are sustained by Merchants, and;

Owners of such Ships, vessels, and other Craft, in the said River For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and.content of the Lordsj Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, if any Person or Persons shall use, 'lett out to Hire, lend, or navigate, or shall be aiding ting^'uttohi\e: lending or assisting in using or navigating upon the said River, any Bum Boat, or other Boat, ., for the Pur or navigating. See. Bum, pose of selling, bartering, exchanging, or exposing to Sale, to and amongst the Seamen and Labou Boats, or other Boats, on rers employed in and about Ships, vessels, and other Craft, any Liquors, Slops, Tobacco, Brooms, th R, trh or te or any Fruit, Greens, Gingerbread, or other suchlike Ware; or shall sell, barter, exchange, or ex sbps.vobacro, Brooms' pofeto Sale as aforesaid, any Sort ofliquor, or any s'ops, Tobacco, Brooms, or any Fruit, Greens, Gingerbread, or Garden Gingerbread, or other suchlike Ware or Things in, from, or out of, 'any Bum Boat, or other Boat Ware, c. except such (other than and except such Bum Boats and other Boats and vessels, as shall be entered 'in the Of Boats as fm be entered' flee of the Mailer, Wardens, and Aflilfants of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most r

glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint demerit in the Parish of Deptford Strand in the County 2m[ persons taking in of Kent, in manner herein after mentioned, and shall be used and navigated for the Purposes aforesaid, Exchange, or by way of in the daytime, between sun rising and sun setting only); or if any Person or Persons shall take Barter, or unlawfully ie in Exchange, or by way of Barter, or shall unlawfully receive, or procure to be delivered to them, 4e1.v*ng» 'M' zrf Ro?f' any Ropes, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Materials, or any Part of any Cargo or cr\ierchaudi°7e|0/'vef loading of any Ships or vessels in the said River; all and every such Person or Persons respectively fe: s in the River; being, shall, upon conviction thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of and within aay County, convicted before ajuflics city, Division, Liberty, or Place adjoining to the said River, upon the Oath of one or more credi still bedremed guilty cf blc Person or Persons, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanour; it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to apprehend and detain all persons then on board such Boat, and also to seize, Board, may be seized and search, and detain, in some Place of Safety, such Boat, and the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, searched, 2nd the Per, and Loading thereof; and the Person and Persons so apprehended shall be (as soon as convenientlyions conveyed before 3 may be) conveyed before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; such Boat, with the said the Koar' -

Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, and Loading thereof, shall, upon such conviction as aforesaid, be for r eading^iipo^such cor* --. feited and disposed of as is herein after mentioned. viaipn&all be. forfeited.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Bum Boats, and ocher. one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, every Bum Boat, or other Boat whatsoever, used used upon the River fore and navigated for the Purposes aforesaid, upon the said River between London Bridge and the Lowerthe purposes Hope Point, shall be entered by the Owner or Owners thereof with the Master, Wardens, and AC ovvnmjt^he^oieceof" flstants at their Office at the Trinity House in Water Lane, London, specifying the "Name or Names, the Trinity House "in and Phce or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners; to the Intent that the said Master, War Waterline, and a uum dens, and Assistants may register every such Entry, and deliver in Writing to such Owner or Owners ber thereupon is to bir a'number to be marked on one or more Part or Parts of every such Bum Boat, or other Boat; and frn W' '

every such Owner or Owners shall cause the Number so delivered to be forthwith marked, 'together tr' rlivurntmps IT"

, 1 n c tvt 1 j - \ 1 7 0 r ani,

with ms, her, or their hriltian and Surname or Names, and Place or rlaces of Abode, upon such places of Abode, on the.; Part or Parts of the said Boat so entered as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Master, Wardens, said Boats, as thetrini. and Assistants shall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint, in pursuance of the Authorities and O' conilf3ny Aall diredu. Directions herein after given for that Purpose.

III. Provided also, That every time, and so often as the property of any such Bum Boat, ora e|itr v " tlljj other. Boat, shall be varied or altered, the new Owner crowners shall forthwith make a fresh Entry^be done as above of the same, and cause the Number delivered in pursuance thereof to lie marked on the said Boat, d.rcdted, by the new together with his, ., h r, or their Christian and Surname or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, Owner, every Time upon such Parc or Parts of the said Boat, and in like manner as is. herein before directed, at the fluff: jiepropeity °i such .boat t entering of any such Boat. - abe a'urej'

IV. And be it further enacted, That, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, flfali, and they The mid Company is to' are hereby empowered and required, to receive and register every such Entry in a bo-k or Roll to bcjecfae a.ndl register Mi 1 provided and kept for that Purpose, and to deliver out a Number, in Writing, to such Owner or Ow. A Tit m

*, 1 - 1 5 r. r r, n r, 453 0, outnumbers to be mar*

ners, to be marked on one or more Part or rarts or duch boat, in Inch manner as liiail bemreetea and aeon u, e Boots, appointed in pursuance of this act; for the registering which Entry, and delivering out such Num uj.cn being paid 5s, fxtv ber, the Sum of five Shillings shall be paid, and no more; rind the said.master, Wardens, ..and af ffi° bine;

'. 3 flstants,

656

C 28.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

and they are to make Or fistants, are hereby authorised and empowered to take and receive the same, and, from Time to Time, ders, r" for ascertaining to make such Orders, Rules and Regulations as they shall think requisite and proper, for the afeer the Manner in which the taining the Part or Parts of such Boat, on which the said Number, and the Names and Place or Places Number and the Names Of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof shall be marked, and in what Manner, and of what di are tobe^marked^n "he menftons the Figure or Figures and Letters, composing such Number, and Names and Place or Places Boat, and on what Part of Abode, shall be made, and how the same shall be, from Time to Time, renewed, and kept fair and thereof the sane shall be legible; and that all such Orders, Rules and Regulations, after one Publication thereof in the London done, and how renewed, Gazette, and printed Copies of the same being affixed at Iron Gate, the Hermitage, Execution Dock, af'er^publica uon iii^tfae* ^l^dwelldock, Rather bith Old Stairs, Deptford, Radcliff, Crop, and Blackwall, shall be observed by londongazette"andco and binding upon every Owner or Owners of such Boat so entered as aforesaid.

pies thereof atfixed at the proper Places, shall be olkrvt e by the Owners of such Boats.

The Master and wardens

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said of the said Company, or Ylafter, Wardens and Assistants, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time depute Peuonsdeputed by them, and app0int under the Seal of their Corporation, and for all Owners or Matters of Ships or Vessels, of Ven ei s' in 'the River" either in Whole or in Part, in the said River respectively, or for such Person and Persons as the said or Persons authorised by Owners and Mailers, or any seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall, for that purpose, nominate, depute and appoint (and which it shall be lawful for them, from Time to Time, to do) at any Time or Times from and after the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, to Hop, search and detain, in some Place of Safety, any Boat, which there shall be reason to suspect has any Ropes, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Materials, or any Part of any Cargo or Lading, llolen or unlawfully procured from or out of any Ship or "^tflel in the said River; and also to apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended and detained, cured from out ot Vessels any Person or Persons who maybe reasonably suspected of having or conveying any such Goods, in the River; and carry the Persons Ailpedled of being concerned therein before a Justice, and they not giving a satisfactory Account how they came

7 or more ct them,

may flop and search any Boat suspected to have Ropes and Stores, or other Materials, kc. itolen or unlawfully pro

Stores or Things in such Boat; and fu; h Person or Persons so apprehended shall be (as loon as conveniently may be) conveyed before one or more justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Division, Liberty or Place adjoining so the said River: Ard if such Person or Persons shall not produce the Party or Parties from whom he, she or they bought or received such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things aforesaid, or same credible Person to depose, upon Oath, the Sale or Delivery thereof, by the same, shall be ador shall not give an Account to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices how he, she or they came Judged guilty ofamifde by the same; that then the said Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty mi I ondiiv*n<&i fa Misdemeanour; such Boat, with her Tackle, Apparel, Furniture and Loading, shall), upon

ruchconvia; on, be forfeited and disposed of as is herein after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Constable, Headborough and Beadle, and every Watchman (during such Time as he shall be on Duty) of every Parish and Place ..., shall; '...'.

const ibles and Beadles, and Watchmen when on Duty, may seize all Ropes, Stores, or other Good; suspected to be Rosen, or unlawfully procured trem out of Wl" fels in the River, and carry the Persons concerned therein before a Justice,

and they, no giving a satisfactory Account how the cam" IV the same,

shall be judged guilty of a M fdcmcanor.

Justices, upon informa tirn on o.vh ol a sufp' cion of the Concealn ent of llolen Cools or mer chand.zes,

may grant a searchwar iznc; and the gods thereupon lound, are to left cured; and theper foni of the House, see. are so be brought before a Justice;

they, not giving a fj tisf flory Account how

where he detained,

shall be an Officer.

and may apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended and

all and every Person and Persons. may reasonably be suspected of having or carrying, or anyways conveying, any Ropes, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Materials, or any Part of any Caigo or Lat ing, stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of any Ship or Vessel in the said River Thames, and also shall ard may seize and detain in some Place of Safety such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores and Ti ings aforesaid, and Hi all, as soon as conveniently maybe, convey, or cause the Person or Persons so apprehended to be conveyed, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for any ( C unty, City, Divisioi, Liberty or Place adjoining to the said River; and if such Person or Perfom shall not produce the Party or Parties from whom he, she or they bought or received the same, or same cudible Person to depose upon Oath the Sale or Delivery thereof, or shall not give an Account, to be Satisfaction of such justice or Justices, how he, she or they came by the same, that then the said Person and Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanour.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall! and maybe lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Information made to him on Oath, by any credible Person or Persons, that there is Cause to suspect that any Merchandizes, Goods, Stoies or Things (suspected to have been stolen or unlawfully come by, or taken from some Ship or Vessel in the said River) are concealed in any dwelling hci le, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, or other Place, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such dwelling house, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, Garden and Place to be feaiched in the daytime; and if any such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things shall be found therein, to cause the same to be deposited and kept in some Place of Safety; and also to cause the Person or Persons in whose House, Warehouse, Outhouses, Yard, Garden or other Place the same shall be found, to be brought before him, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the same County, City, Division, Liberty or Place; and if such Person or Persons shall not give an Account to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices how he, she or they came by the f me, or shall not

\., u. within some reasonable and conveni nt Time, to be set by such Justice or Justices, produce the Party

Tiicycz'n' by the lame, n r 1 in 1 1. 1, r J

Y or Parties of 01 from whom he, she or they bought or received the same Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things, that then the Person or Persons in whose House, Warehouse, Outhouse, Yard, Garden,

Bull le adjudge guilty of a Mildcmcam r.

or other Place the same Oval I be found, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanour.

VIII. And be it nadted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon any Person or Persons being cunv ftchot n'hrroi the vidled of either of tli - said last mentioned Misdemeanours, i*r ni'/f or Justice, whom such Person or Persons was or wei

ca'ife Goods 10 be dr Goods, Stoics or Things to be deposited in the Custody of

wherepcrfrns ftwll be V iu. rvnu De it nactcci nv the /lutnority aiorciaiu. t nat upon any rcrion or rerions oeing conit shall and may be lawful for such Justice were convicted, to cause such Merchandizes, if the Churchwardens or Overseers of the pofitrd with tie church poor of the Place where they shall have been so first deposited as aforesaid (who are hereby required to wardens, r<c, receive

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 28.

657

receive the same) or in any other convenient Place, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days; and to who are to arfvertife the order such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or one of them, if the same shall happen to befiirne>if within thcbtils

aj jy h 10 Por'ifltnc1 av plia/ar* 1\. I <»- /-. !fi--vn m A ivlottality i 3fld if

in some

cause Notice to be immediatel

uv.li vnuivii wuiuvuo UJ1U v/vvj ltvlo u1 Lilt clol} u1 UI1C vjl LI CII j ll LUC 1UIIJC ljitlil utipjjcjl LU UC 7 '

of the Parishes or Places within the Bills of Mortality, to insert immediately an Advertisement '

e publick News Paper; and if the same hall happen to be in any other Parish or Place, to i, y the publick u J '*1 -- given by some publick Crycr, and by affixing on the Church m.

to be given Crier, and or alfu afnx?d on t'nechui ch

Chapel Door a Notice in Writing, describing inch Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things, and orchapd Door, that the

Space of such thirty Days, prove his, her or their Property in and to the said Merchandizes, Goods, therein, the justice foal! Stores or Things, upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of one or more Justice or Justices as aforesaid, thatorricr Restitution thereof, then such Justice or Justices shall order Restitution of such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things " Pon paying rea to be made to the Owner or Owners thereof, after paying the reasonable Charges of seizing, removing, comoenfa ion^otl^ pl depositing and giving publick Notice as aforesaid, and also reasonable Compensations to the Person fons giving information or Persons giving such information as aforesaid; Charges and Compensations to be settled and ascertained by such Justice or Justices: if at the End of the said thirty Days (Notice having been "^good^&c* given as aforesaid) no such Proof ftiail be made as aforesaid, the said Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or n all 'be.(via by the hings shall be sold by the Churchwardens or Overseers, in whose Custody the same shall have been Churchwardens; and deposited as aforesaid, for the best Price that can reasonably be bad; and, after deducting the Charges the Money, after deduct. so settled as aforesaid. Remainder of the Money arising from such Sale shall be given, one Moiety ln.gj't char2cs aiov ": thereof to the Person or Persons so apprehending or giving Information as aforesaid (as the Case fh?dl tole ni°foi°mcr, and the be) of the Party or Parties guilty of the Misdemeanours as aforesaid, or either of them, and the other other to the Poor of the Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things shall Parish. have been so first deposited as aforesaid. Persons to whom any

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to whom any Stores or sffp Goods, Goods, Stores or Thing; belonging to Ships or Vessels shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned &c frfpecled to be or delivered, shall, and he or lie is hereby empowered and required (there being reasonable Cause to stolerh c. frail oe ofkr suspect that such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things were stolen, or unlawfully come by, from dehmed may stop tht or out of any Ship or Vessel in the said River) to apprehend, secure and carry before a Justice of the same, and carry the Par. Peace for the County, City, Division, Liberty or Place where the same shall be so brought or offered, ties before a Justice; the Person or Persons so bringing or offering the same, and in the mean Time to secure such Mcr and thegoods shall bede chandiz.es, Goods, Stores or Things; and such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be dealt with,

and such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores or Things shall be deposited and disposed of in the same Man as if they had been ner as if he, he or they had been apprehended by the Constable, Headborough, Beadle or Watchman apprehended by thecon as aforesaid. ft<»ble, c.

X. And be it farther enabled, That every Person deemed and adjudged guilty of any of the Mif Persons adjudged guilty

demeanors aforesaid, shall, for every such Misdemeanor, forfeit, for the hrft Offence, the Sum ofof any the mifde forty Shillings; for the second Offence the Sum of four Pounds, and for every subsequent Offence ^it^ot tltft^ffence the Sum of four Pounds; all which said respective Forfeitures shall and may be levied by Distress and 40s. and for the 2d and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender (rendering to him, her or them the Overplus, every subsequent offence after Charges of the said Distress and Sale deducted by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands 4 L to be levied by di and Seals, of any one or more of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender was convicted; '0 to, C

which Forfeiture shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Person apprehending such Offender or Of Apprehender, or infor fenders, or giving Information, as the Calcshall be, and the other Moiety thereof to the said Mailer, mer, and the other to the Wardens, and Assistants of the said Corporation, to be distributed among the poor decayed Seamen Matter and Wardens of and their Widows, under the Care of the said Corporation; and if the said respective Forfeitures shall not be paid, nor sufficient Distress shall be found whereon to levy the same, then the said Justice or for w, nt of Difirefs the Justices shall and may commit every such Offender so convicted as aforesaid to the common Gaol, or offender to be commit other Prison or House of Correction within his or their jurisdiction, without Bail or Mainprize, for ted, for the if: Offence the Space of one Month for the first Offence, and for the second Offence for the Space of two Months, > t rhs LV ° and for every subsequent Offence, until such Offender shall be discharged by Order of the Court of other'oflnce till General or Quarter Sessions'_ _ _ by Older of the

XI. And be it further enacted, That every conviction of any Offender in any of the said Mifdc Court of Sessions. meanors shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace making the same, to the next General Convictions to hccerti or Quarter Session of the Peace, to be filed and entered amongst the Records of the said Session; ^10 the Iiext Carter that such Conviction shall and may be drawn up on Parchment, and certified as follows (that is to say) scm°ns>and silt'd there

Middlesex, 5 T) E'it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year r°rni or Comlftio'

to wit, I flj A.B. was convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for the County,

city, Division, Liberty or Place aforesaid (as the Case shall be) of a Misdemeanour in one or more of the Instances before mentioned, specifying the same particularly in the jvords by which the same is or are described in and by this Act, or hi any other Form of Words to the like Effect.

Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.

in the same or the like Form of Words, shall be good and effectual in Law, Con via ion not to he

- n' - want of

Which said conviction,

to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or be adjudged void or in sufficient for for w

want of any other Form or Words whatsoever; nor be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his normoveab!i majesty's Court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final, to all Intents and Pur tioran

able by Ccr

poses whatsoever

VIII

L P

XII

6s8

C 2$.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

P: r, bns convicted of knowingly bu\ing or receiving (tolen Goods from Vessels in the River; or or privately buying or receiving at any Time any such Goods chndeftinely, or by futt ering any Door, avindow, cr Snutter at Night to be rest open or jittaftened lor that Purpose, shall be tranl ported for 14 Years.

Persons ccyr.vidbed of cutting or spoiling ar.vc'or dage, Cable, Baoys, Buoy Jbopis, Headfaft, or other Fair, or Ropce ofvclfeis, at Anchor or Moorings, in the River, with Intent to ftcal the f., me, shall be

Any Person out of Prison eonccrr.ed in dealing, or unlawfully receiving. Goods or Merchandise from any Veiled in the River, who full discover and conv et two others of the like Offence,

full be entitled to his Majesty's Pardon.

Persons rou ing or navigating such Boats, not being entered, marked, and numbered according to the Order of the Trinity Company; or having a falseor fictitious Number or Mark,

forfeit, on Conviction before a just!cc, 40 s.

one Moiety to ibe Informer, and the other to the Trinity Company for the life of their Poor. Upon Discovery of such oitence, the Boat and ts.ckle, &c. may be frlzcd, and within 48 Hours after Inform ttion is to be given to a |uflice, V ho is to hi ar and dc ter.tiin: thereupon.

If the Forefeiture be not pad within 24 Hours, the same dull be raised by Sale of the Boat, &c. by Warrant of the justice.

Upon Complaint to the Mafcrand Wardin' of the Company, of any Thefts or il egal prac t.ees beir g carried on in any Boat, or fofpcfled to Le carried on, they may summon the Owner to appear, end incpiirc into fuili Complaint in .1 summary Way; and, cn Coimdhon, may lake

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day 01 June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, every Person who shall buy or Teceive any Part of the Cargo or Loading of, or any Goods, Stores or Things, of or belonging to any Ship or Vessel in the said River, knowing the fane to be stolen or unlawfully come by; cr shall privately buy or receive any such Goods, Stores or Things, or any Part of such Cargo or Loading, by suffering any Door, Window or Shutter to be left open or unfastened between sun setting and sun rising for that Purpose, or sit all buy or receive the same, or any of them, at any Time, in any clandestine Manner, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall, being thereof convicted by due Course of Lav (although the principal Felon or Felons, Offender or Offenders, has or have not been convicted of stealing or unlawfully procuring the same) be trani ported for fourteen Years to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, according to the Laws in force for the Transportation of Felons.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall cut, damage or spoil any Cordage, Cable, Butovs*, Buoy Rope, Headfast, or other Fast, fixed to any Anchor or Moorings belonging to any Ship or Vessel at Anchor or Moorings in the River Thames, or any Rope used for the Purpose of Mooring or Racting Malls or Timber, or shall be aiding or assisting therein, with an Intent to steal the same; such Person or Persons shall, being convicted thereof on the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, be transported to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America for the Space of seven Years, according to the Laws now in force for the Transportation of Felons.

transported, together with their Aiders therein, for 7 Years.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, being out of Prison, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, by *healing, or unlawfully receiving, any Part of any Cargo or Lading of, or any Goods, Stores or Things, belonging to, or out of or from any Ship or Vessel in the said River, and shall afterwards discover two or more Persons who shall have bought or received any stolen or unlawfully procured Goods, Stores or Things, or any Part of any Cargo or Lading of, or belonging to, or by, from, or out of any Ship or Vessel in the said River, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, knowing the same to be stolen, or unlawfully procured, so as two or more of the Persons discovered shall be convicted of such Buying or Receiving; every Person so discovering shall have and he entitled to the gracious Pardon of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all such Felonies by him or her committed at any Time or Times before such Discovery made; which Pardon shall be likewise a Bar to any Appeal brought for such Felony.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Publication of any such Orders, Rules and Regulations by the said Aiafter, Wardens and Assistants, any Person or Persons shall row or navigate, within the Limits aforesaid, any such Boat as is herein before directed to be entered, marked and numbered, not being so entered, marked and numbered, as aforesaid; having a faife Mark or Number, or not having the real Name or Names, and Places of Abode, of the Owner or Owners of such Boat inscribed thereon, or not having such names and Figures kept fair and legible, in such manner as shall have been directed and required, from Time to Time, by such Orders, Rules and Regulations; in each of the Cases aforesaid, every such Person, being thereof convicted before one or niorejustice or Justices of the Peace of anycounty, City, Division, Liberty or Place, near or adjoining to the said river, upon his or her own Confection, or the Oath of one or more credible Person or Persons, shall, for every, such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; one Moiety whereof to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall give Information of, and prosecute to Conviction, such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and the other Moiety to the said Act after, Wardens and Assistants of the said Corporation, to be applied by them as aforesaid: it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, upon Discovery of any such Offence or Offences, to seize and detain any such Boat, with all the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereunto belonging; and shall thereupon, within the Space of forty-eight Hours after such Seizure made, give Information thereof, and of thcnatureof the Offence, to any one or morejustice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, who shall proceed to hear, and shall determine, as ibon as conveniently maybe, upon such Information; and if such forfeiture shall not be paid within the Space of twenty-four Hours after Conviction, then the same shall be raised by Sale of the said Boat, and her Tackle and Appurtenances; and every Justice of the Peace, within his Jurisdiction, is hereby authorised and required to ifi ue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the constable, or some other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place in which such Boat, so seized as aforesaid, shall be detained, to cause Sale to be made thereof, and all her Tackle and Appurtenances, with all convenient Speed, for raising the Money forfeited for the said Offence as aforesaid, rendering to the Offender or Offenders the Overplus (if any there shall be) after deducting the Charges of detaining and selling such Boat.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Masser, Wardens and Assistants shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, on any Complaint to be made, to them by any credible Person or Persons, of any Thefts, Robberies, Frauds, or other illegal Practises being carried on, or reasonably suspected to be carried on, in any Boat so to be numbered and marked as aforesaid, to summon the Owner or Owners thereof to appear before them, or any five or more of them, at this.trinity House in 1 Voter lane, or oath to be appointed, at Inch Time as they shall appoint; at wl

Wardens and Assistants, or any live or more of them, shall inquire into the said complaint in a summary Way; and in case the said Complaint shall be proved to their Satisfaction, and they shall so think fit, they the said Master. Wardens and Assistants, or any five or more of them, being a Majority

fual Mace of Meeting appointed, or h Time and Place the said Master, inquire into the said Complaint in

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 28.

659

rity of the Members then present, may thereupon takeaway and totally abolish the said Number so a'w hlsnun ber> and given to the said Boat as aforesaid; also may, for the future, refuse to enter, as before directed, of h^for^he fufure°at any Boat of or belonging to such Owner or Owners; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall be Where, on Conviction, convicted of any Offence against this Act, by which is incurred the Forfeiture of any Boat, with her the Forfeiture of a Boat, Tackle and Appurtenances and concerning which, after such Conviction no Provision is hereby Srthw provision' made, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such concerning the same, Conviction shall be had, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace of and for any County, City,

Division, Liberty or Place adjoining to the said River Thames, on Conviction had, and they are hereby

respectively authorised and required, to cause such Boat, with her Tackle and Appurtenances, to be the justice, by his War

totally burnt and destroyed, within six Days next after such Conviction as aforesaid, by Warrant [311tkft0i<ii: tr

under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, directed to the Constable gays. L Un' "

or other Peace Officer of thp Parish or Place adjoining to the said River, or where such Conviction

Avail be had; which said Constable, or other Peace Oihcer, shall thereupon cause such Boat, Tackle

and Appurtenances to be so burnt and destroyed, within the Time aforesaid.

XVIII. and. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Per Any Persons may appro soil or Persons, by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to apprehend any hcnd ail0|fencier* Offender or Offenders committing any of the Offences herein before mentioned, and intended by this Act to be redressed, and, with all convenient Speed, to convey or deliver every such Offender or Offenders to a Constable, or some other Peace Officer of the County, City, Division, Liberty or Place and deliver him over to in or near to which the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be appr? a Constable, headed, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of such County, City, Liberty or to be carried beioit a Place, there to be dealt with according to Law., Justice

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons acting in Persons obftnnfting the the Execution of any of the Powers granted by this Act, shall be obstructed therein, every Person so Execution of this Act. obstructing, and all such as shall act in their Assistance, shall, on being thereof convicted before the Quafte^sefliont^Justices of the Peace, at the General or Quarter Session of the County or City adjoining to the said 61 1ilon'River, upon the Oath of two or more credible Persons, be trunsported to any of his Majesty's Plan hill be transported for tations in America, for the Space of seven Years, according to the Law or Laws now in force for the 7 Vears. Transportation of Felons.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, Trials, and Any Member of the cor other Proceedings, which shall or may be had in pursuance of this Actor in relation to any Matter the place^diere^c or Thing herein contained, any Member of the said Corporation, or any Inhabitant of the Parish, offence is committed. Town or Place in which any Offence shall be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning may be admitted to give of this Actor wherein any Conviction shall be made pursuant hereto, shall be admitted to give Evi Evidence, dence, and shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his being such Member of the said Corporation, or his or her being such Inhabitant as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where an Oath is by Justices to administer this Act directed to be taken by any Person or Persons, it Until and may be lawful for any one or more gratis.

Justice or Justices of the Peace within the County, City, Division, Liberty or Place, where the Matter to be sworn to shall arise, and he and they is and are respectively hereby authorised and required to administer the same, without Fee or Reward.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of Actions; commenced or brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or the said Master, Wardens and

assistar.ts, or any of them, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, acting in the Execution of any of the Powers in them hereby veiled, for doing, or causing to be done, anything in pursuance of this Act, concerning any of the said Offences, the same shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, or

City of London, and not elsewhere \ shall be commenced within six Months next after such

Cause of Action accrued; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and General issue;

give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the

lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been

done, or that such Action or Suit was brought after the Time before limited, or in any other Place;

+that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Action a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have

appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the

Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same. Treble Costs,

as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'Flint this Act shall be deemed, ad Wblick Act, judged, and taken to be a public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the lame being specially pleaded.

66o

C

29,

Anno secundo Georgii III. c. A ixxix.

A.D. 176 j.

Preamble, reciting Ciaut'e in the Act X Jac. i r. 1. 27.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the firfb Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the bitent and Meaning of former Statutes made against Shooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and against the destroying of Hares with Hare Pipes, and tracing blares in the Snow; relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pigeons, by making the manner of convicting such Person or Persons as shall offend therein, more ealy and expeditious.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty James the First, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against Shooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges, and against the defraying of blares with Hare Pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; it is amongst other Things therein enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall kill or destroy any House Dove or Pigeon, and shall be thereof convicted by the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony

+of two sufficient Witnesses, upon Oath before two or more Justices of the Peace, of the County, City, or Town Corporate, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Parties apprehended, such Justices shall commit every such Offender so apprehended, to the common Gaol of the said County, City, or Town Corporate, where the Offence shall be committed, or the Party apprehended, there to remain for three Months without Bail or Mainprize, unless that the said Offender do or shall forthwith upon the said Conviction pay, or cause to be paid, to the Churchwar dens of the said Parish where the said Offence shall be committed, or the Party apprehended, to the Use of the Poor of the find Parish, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every House Dove or Pigeon which every such Person or Persons, so offending and convicted as aforesaid, shall take, kill,

or willingly destroy, contrary to the true Purport and true Meaning of that Act; or after one Month after his Commitment, together with two sufficient Sureties, become bound by Recognisance in the Sum of twenty Pounds apiece, to the King's majesty's Use, his Heirs and Successors, with.

Condition that he the said Party so offending shall not at any Time thereafter shoot at, kill, take, or destroy, any House Dove or Pigeon, by any such Means as in the said Act are mentioned; which said Recognisance shall betaken by any two or more Justices of the Peace, of the said County,

City, or I own Corporate, where the Offender shall be so imprisoned as aforesaid, and shall be re turned to the then next Quarter Sessions, and there to remain of Record as other Recognizances taken for the Peace, as by the said in Part recited Act, relation for greater Certainty being thereunto had, may more fully appear; And whereas the Method of convicting Offenders against the above recited Act, hath hitherto been found, in a great degree, ineffectual, to answer the good Intentions of the said Act: Therefore for more speedy convicting and punching Persons who shall be guilty of the said mischievous Practice of wilfully killing or destroying House Doves or Pigeons, belonging to other Persons; it please your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That sir 2+ June, 1762, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, if any Person or any Person who (bajuvil Persons shall flioot at, with an intent to kill, or shall by any means whatever, kill or take, with a fu jy flioot at, or destroy wilful Intent to destroy, any House Dote or Pigeon, and shall be thereof convicted by the confcc any House Dov« or Pi fion Of t^c party offending, or the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one i'tifons, °n£ing to °tner or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town Corporate, Division, Riding, or Place, (which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby authorised to administer) wherein any such Offence or Offences shall lie committed, or the Party or Parties offending shall be apprehended, every Person so offending, and whoflia.il be convicted as aforesaid of any such Offence, shall, for every such shall forfeit on Convicti Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to the Person or Persons who shall inform forjt0jf ^no^forlh" a5am^' and prosecute to Conviction, any such Offender or Offenders; and in case the Money so for with apa: d' htnuy be Rked shall not be forthwith paid on every such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice committed, and krpt to or Justices to commit any such Offender or Offenders, who shall be so convicted as aforesaid, to the hard labourfor anytimc common Gaol of the County, or the House of Correction in the Division or Place where the Party not exceeding nor less is convicted or apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceed; un or Mon., un e.j j three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, as any such Justfcc or Justices shall pj|jf f order, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby also enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be The Owners of Dove construed, deemed, or taken, to hinder any Owner of a Dove Coat, Pigeon House, Pigeon cham lu; h7or°theij7rfcrvation. 1 > or any other Place, built up or crested, or to be built up or credted, for the Preservation or o breeding of I'lgcons, Breeding of Pigeons, from taking, killing, or destroying, by himself, or any other Person by him ap ifui those appointed by pointed or authorised for that purpose, all or any House Doves, or Pigeons, which shall at any Time ihcm, excepted. be taken in the proper Dove Coat, Pigeon House, Pigeon Chamber, or any other Place, as aforesaid,

for the Preservation or Breeding of Pigeons, of any Owner of such Dove Coat, Pigeon House, Pigeon Chamber, or other Place.

III. Provided further, and it is hereby alfd enacted, That no Person who shall be convicted of

on/con^aion for" th ° any Dffcncc against this Act, shall be liable to be convicted for any such Offence under any former fime Offence; and Pro or other Act; and that no Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless the pro ict uicnj ate to be com fecutio.il

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C

3°'

661

fecution for the same shall be commenced and carried on with Effetft within the Space of two Calendar ^.jth within two

months after every such Offence shall be commuted; and that where any Person shall suffer Imprison Months after the Of

ment for Default of Payment of any Penalty imposed under this al, such Person shall not be liable fence; and where Per

afterwards to pay such Penalty. fons suffer impugnment,

1 J 3 they are noc liable after

CAP. XXX wa; dslopay the Penalty.

An Act for enlarging and improving the North East Avenue of London Bridge.

Geo.

2. C 40.

mon Council assembled, were empowered to make such Purchases, and take down such Houses, EDIFICES, and Buildings, (landing or being on the said Bridge, or contiguous or adjoining thereto, as 1 they (hold judge necessary, for the Enlargement and Improvement of the Passage over, and the Avenues leading to and from, the said Bridge: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers granted by the said Act,

and the Passage over the said Bridge is already, on the Eastern Side thereof, secured by a proper and uniform Baluffrade, which, in order to avoid the waterworks of London Bridge, and preserve with Regularity, the Connexion of the Passage of the said Bridge with Fishjlreet Hill, ranges Northward upon the Parish Church of the United parhhes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Fish street,

London, at the North East Avenue of the said Bridge, almost in a Line with the Arch of the Tower or Steeple of the said Church, which forms a spacious Passage through the said Tower from North to South: And whereas the good Ends and Purposes of the said Act cannot be answered unless the Site or Ground of the said Parish Church, on the North and South Sides of the said Tower,

is, with the said Passage through the same, laid into the North East Avenue of the said Bridge

But in regard the Alteration aforesaid cannot be made without the Authority of Parliament, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and The Ground on the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Site or Nort'1 and South Sides Ground of the said Parish Church of the united Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New °u^ch°^ h°n'fi fh Fishjlreet, London, on the North and South Sides of the said Tower or Steeple of the same Church, street, with a Passage together with the said Paffige through the said Tower, from North to South, shall be, and the same through the Tower f. om are hereby vested in the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, and their North to South, is vest successors, for the Enlargement and Improvement of the North East Avenue of London Bridge, as well for the Benefit of all Persons passing on Foot over the said Bridge, as for the safe and commo me, t ort;, C north East dious Pullage of Carriages, at the North West Angle of the said Church 5 and for eftefting the Pur avenue of London poses aforesaid, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council Bridge; ond r©much of assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, with all convenient Speed after the paf the Fabric of the said sing of this present Act, to cause so much of the Fabric of the said Parish Church to be taken down do^'nvnd removed, and removed, as shall be necessary for laying the Site or Ground aforesaid, with the said Passage, into shall be necessary for that the said North East Avenue of the said Bridge. - Purpose.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and and the City is thereupon

Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall, with all convenient Speed, after to rebuild, in a suitable so much of the Fabric as aforesaid shall be taken down and removed in manner aforesaid, cause the |, erkei Pn

Western Walls of the said Church to be rebuilt in a Line with the East Side of the said Tower or a pine with the East Steeple, and united thereto, and to the North and South Sides of the said Fabric, in the most pro Side of the said Tower 5 per and effectual manner, as well in point of Ornament as Safety; and shall also cause, not only

such new Works to be suitably and substantially performed and completely finished, in all respects, and also all other Works as well within the Body of the said Church as without, but also all such other Works as shall be nc within the Body of the cessary for the Safety and Ornament of the said Tower or Steeple of the said Church: And if, in the Church, and without, Execution of the Works aforesaid, any Injury or Injuries shall be done, either by Accident or other nec, e*eryt0 the jhcty wife to the said Tower or Steeple, or to the Fabric or Body of the said Church, either within Side tower^andahvjuries or without, or to any of the other Works or Ornaments thereof; then, and in such case, the said occaficned thereby/are Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, with all convenient Speed, to be repaired and mads cause such Injury or Injuries to be repaired and made good, in all respects, and in the most proper &ocd' and effectual manner.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the great Western Doors of the said The greatwefiern Doors

Church, now placed on the West Side of the said Tower, within the Arch thereof, which forms a removed, and placed on Passage through the same from East to West, shall be removed and placed in the most suitable and the East side or the commodious manner on the East Side of the said Tower; 2nd that the same Passage shall be preserved. Tower; and the same in all Times tocome, for the public Western Entrance into the said Church, for the Benefit of all to be preserved Persons referring thereto, and returning from the same. _, Entrance imo the

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Site or church; and the Ground Ground so to be laid into the said North East Avenue of the said Bridge as aforesaid, shall be considered, laid into the North East and may, in all Times to come, be used, as Part of the Cemetery of the said Church; anything here Avenue of the Bridge in before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: But if the Pavement there. 7uut thepavnn^ic shall be broke up on account of the burying any Persons, the same shall be laid down, repaired, and up on that Ac made good, from Time to Time, by the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said united Parishes, count is to be reiaid

\, the Churchwardens.

66 2

C

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1761.

The City is also to build a commodious Vestry Room,

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, hall, with all convenient Speed, cause to be credted, built and finished, in a suitable and substantial Manner, in the churchyard of the said Church, on the South Side thereof, near the South West Angle of the same Church, a proper and commodious ve ftry Room for the Service of the said Church, with two Doors, one opening into the Church, and the other into the churchyard; also a proper Engine House to adjoin to the said Vestry Room for the Reception and Preservation of the Fire Engine of the said United Pari fires, and theutenfils belonging thereto; and Inch Vestry Room and Engine House shall be considered as Part of the publick Works of the said Church.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Stone, Timber, Lead, Iron, Glass, and other Materials of such Part of cheeabrick of the said Church, as shall be taken down by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby, vested in the said Mayor and

apd velut ih ill be found Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, and their Successors; and such of the said Materials as prop. r, may be employ shall be found proper or serviceable lor that Purpose, shall be used or employed in the Works directed by this Act, and the Residue thereof the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall forthwith cause to be sold, for the hest Price or Prices that can begotten for the same; and the Moneys to arise by such Sale shall be paid over to the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said United Pnrishes, for the better Sustenation of the said Works and Ornaments of the said Church.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the clear yearly Sum of thirteen Pounds shall, in compensation for any Lofi es which may hereafter be sustained by the Rector

by wuyof conp.'nfauon, and Parishioners for the Time being of the said United Parishes respectively, in consequence of this 1 "a.'n' c!', airec*r Act, be, and the lame is hereby, charged and chargeable for ever upon all and singular the Manors,

"* n 'd, "'ou'e messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of the City o t' London, commonly called The bridge to bs paid half yearly, house Estates, and shall be payable and paid half yearly out of the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof, by equal Payments, on ladyday and michaelmas day in every Year, in manner following; that is to 5l. thercefto the Rector; say. The Sum of five Pounds, Part of the said yearly Sum of thirteen Pounds, to the Rector of the

and f.ngine House, the Church Yard;

and the Materials of such Part or the Fabric at shall be taken down are veiled in thecitv

ed in the Works; and the rest is to be sold; and the Money paid over to the Churchwardens for the Sustenation of the Ibid.Works, dec.

and the City is to pay,

to commence on 29 Sept. 1762.

Charges of this Act to be p3ij out of the Money granted by Parliament lor improving the iiridze.

llirvers, c. in the rc c.: id Act of 29 Geo. 2. nd 3 1 Geo. 2.

Cj cs to this Act.

Limitation of Aeliont.

CL neral Iffao,

said Church; the first of which said half yearly Payments shall begin and be made on michaelmas day one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expenses of obtaining and passing this present Act, and of carrying the same into Execution, 'shall he paid out of the Moneys already granted, or to be granted, by Authority of Parliament, for improving, widening and enlarging the Pailage over and through London Bridge.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act of the twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty, and also in another Act made in the thirty first Year of his said late Majesty, entitled, hi Act for applying a Sum of Money granted in this Srssion of Parliament for rebuilding London Bridge, and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the tzuenty ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge, shall, so

extended in all applicable far as they, or any of them, are applicable to this present Act, be extended to, and be in full Force and executed, as well for the Purposes of this Act as of the said former Acts, as amply and effectually as if the same were in and by this Act expressly re enacted and declared to take Effect and be in force.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Actor in relation to the Premilies, or any of them, such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within lixca. Icndar Months next after the Fact done, and shall be laid or brought in the City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General issue, and give this Act. and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limiccd, or shall he hro' ght in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff" or plaintiff's, the said Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as nnv Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coffs in other Cases by Law.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall he deemed a public Act, and shall he taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service and for extending the Provisions thereof to his Majesty's Colonies in America,

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned, which hath, by Experience, been found use Vy full and beneficial, is near expiring May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

[Treble Costs.]

uublck Ad,

Anno secundo Georgii III.

G. 32.

66

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

seven hundred and twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of Marc') one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and uxty four, and from thence to the End of the then next session of Parliament, is temporary, and near expiring; shall be, and is hereby, made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May from and after 1 May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, all the Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things all theprovifioi'.s, contained in the said Act of the second Year of his said late majesty's Reign, nail be, and the same pcn.alt, e Matters an are hereby, extended to all his Majesty's Colonies in America; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by the said Act, and directed to be applied to and for the Use of Greenwich Hospital, ed to his Majesty's co shall be paid to such Officer or Officers in the said Colonies, as shall on that Behalf be appointed by ionics in America; and the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High the Forfeitures applicable Admiral, of Great Britain for the Time being: and in case any Masters or Commanders, or Owners, '0 Greenwich Hospital of any Ships or Vessels, shall deduct out of the Wages of any Seaman or Mariner any of the Penal the officer constituted°by and

deduct said For three

Months after such Deduction; every Person so neglecting to pay the Money deducted as afore tha Sea'

said, shall forfeit and pay the treble Value thereof to theuleof the said Hospital; which, together and not duly payingovert with the Money deducted as aforesaid, shall and maybe recovered by the same Means and Methods the same, forfeit trebia as any Penalties and 'forfeitures can or may be recovered by the said Act. the Value to the use off

the said Hospital.

CAP. XXXII

An Act For draining and preserving certain lowlands called Lhe Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln \ and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea.

WHEREAS the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, was formerly navigable for prearctle>.

tics and Forfeitures which, by the said Act, are directed to be deducted and applied to and for the the Admiralty, of Grcemuich Hospital, and shall not pay the Money so deducted to such Officer or Officers so ta Matters of Ships < ppointed in the Port or Place in the said Colonies where such Deduction shall be made, within In?: inv of the fji

Use be a

Lighters, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels from the Sea, through Boston, to the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln; but, by the Sand and Silt brought in by thetide, the Outfall thereof into the Sea hath, for many Years last past, been greatly hindered and obstructed, and is now, in a

great measure, stopped up, lost and destroyed, and thereby great Part of the lowlands and Fens lying on both Sides of the said River (and which contain together about one hundred thousand Acres') are frequently overflowed, and rendered useless and unprofitable, to the great Loss of the respective Owners thereof, the Decay of Trade and Commerce, and the Depopulation of the Country: And whereas, in the Judgement and Opinion of experienced Engineers' and Persons of

known Skill and Ability, the Navigation of the said River Witham, and the Outfall thereof into the Sea, are capable of being restored and maintained, and the said lowlands and Fens of being drained, cultivated and improved; but as the necessary Works, for the effecting the good Purposes aforesaid? cannot be made, done and performed without the Authority of parliament may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may he enacted; and Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said lowlands and Fens, herein after mentioned and described, shall and may be drained and improved by., with, and under such Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Rules, Orders, Directions and,

Provisions, and by such Ways and Means, as are herein after mentioned, directed, prescribed, appointed and provided.

II. And, for the better describing, specifying and ascertaining the lowlands and Fens, so intended to be drained and improved, Be it further enacted and declared, That the same are situate. and The bounhari corpprifed within the several Parishes, Townships, Precincts, Territories and Places herein after lovf Lands and mentioned; that is to say, Such of them as are on the South Side of the River Witham do lie in faibed' the City of Lincoln, Lincoln Common, Cauwick, tvajhinghorough, Heighington, Branflon, Potter han worth, Norton, Dunston, Methcringham, Blankney, Linwood, Marion, Limber land, Limber land Lhorpe Walcot, Bilimghay, Billinghay Dales, dog dyke, North Kyme Fen, South Kyme Fen, hart's Grounds,

Great Beets, Little Beets, Rakes, Heckington Fen, including Lady frazer's six hundred Acres, Eaverby,

ha well, Afgnrby, Great Stale, Little Hale, and some lowlands in Swincfbead; Brothcrioft, Amvick,

Rufkingion, Dorrington, Digby and fllland Fen; and such of them as are on the North. Side of the River Witham, do lie in Monks, Greetwell, Willingham, Fijkerton, Barlings, Stainfield, Bardney, sou.th rey, Lupholin, Bucknall, Horjington, Stixwould, Swinejike, Woodhall, Lhornton, Kirljl ead, Latterjloall Lhorpe, Latterfoall Coningsby, Mar chain, hundlc house, Revefoy, Micldlchani, Moorhouse, Mere booth,

S ller-

rtfi (he 'tai xic

664

Linds divided into six Districts.

First District;

thereof.

Second District: Boundaries thereof.

t.'iird District: Boundaries thereof. Fourth Distntt: Boundaries thereof.

Fifth District: Boundaries thereof.

Sixth District: Boundaries thereof.

Oimmissionrhs for di firifls appointed.

Manner of Election. First Uifitiff.

C 32. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Hermitage, Newhclme, weji house, Langrikc, Langworth, Swinecotc, Hagnahy, Stickney, Wildmore Fen and jvc/l Fch; and the said lowlands and Fens are bounded as follows; thais to lay, By the high Grounds of Lincoln, canvack and jvajhingborough, and thence by the car dyke from ivafoingborough to Thorpe Tilney, and by the high Grounds of Thorpe Tilncy and the car dyke, from Tilncy aforesaid to Billinghay Skirihs, by the high Grounds of jvalcott and Billing bay aforesaid, Digly, Dorrington, rujk ingion, Anwick, Ewcrby, Howell, Heckington, Great Hale, and Little Hale, from Billinghay aforesaid to Helpringham Fen on the West; by the common Fens of Helpringham, Bicker, and Donnington, and by the Southern Boundary of Holland Fen, from Helpringham Fen aforesaid to Boston on the South; by Kir tonne Holme, the South Bank of Old Hammond beck, bojton jvejl, Sibfcy, and Stickney, from bo/ton aforesaid to stickney lar Green on the East; by the high Grounds of Hagnahy, Grounds of ae/? kirkby, high Grounds of Revejby and Marebam, Grounds of Tumhy, and high Grounds of Coningj'oy, from stickncy bar Green aforesaid to tatterjljall bane, and the high Grounds of Tatter frail, Tattershall Thorpe, kirk/lead, Towery Moor, Woodhall, Stixwonld, Horfington, Bucknall, Tupholm, Sonthrey, bard ney, Stainfield, Barlings, Fijkerton, Willingham, Grcetwell, and Monks, from tattershall bane aforesaid to Lincoln, on the Northeast and North; and from the said River Witham to the high Grounds of Lincoln Common, leaving sincil dykc twenty Yards on the West: And the same lowlands and Fens shall be deemed to consist of, and be divided into, six several Districts or Divisions, to be respectively comprised within the several Limits herein after mentioned, and for the several Purposes herein after declared; that is to say, The love Lands in Lincoln, Lincoln Common, Car, wick, ivafoingborough, heigh ingten, Brarjion, Potter Hanworth, Notion, Dunston, Mctheringham, Blankney, Linwood, Morton, tim bcrland, Timberland Thorpe, Walcott, Billinghay, Billinghay Doles, and dog dyke; and which said lowlands are bounded as follows; that is to say, From twenty Yards below the North End of sincil dykc in Lincoln to Kyme Aeon, by the River I Tit bam, on the North; from the Little Bargate Bridge in j.in ccln, to Kyme Fan aforesaid, by the high Grounds of Lincoln, Canwick and ivafoingborough, the C r dyke, Thor Tilncy, and North Kyme Fen, on the South; and from the said River jnit ham to the high Grounds of Lincoln Common, by a Line drawn at all Places parallel within twenty Yards from the East Side of sincil dyke on the West, so that no Part of the said sincil dykc, or the Rivers or Drains running under the bar gates*, or either of the Gowt Bridges, shall be included within the said Boundaries; and from the River ifit loam to North Kyme Fen, by Kyme Eau and South Kyme on the East, shall constitute and he contained in the first Distritft: And Holland Fen, Harts Grounds, Great Beets, Little Beets, the Rakes, Brcthertoft, and all other the Enclosures in Holland Fen, and being bounded as follows; that is to say, By Kyme Eau, the River jvitham, Boston West, and Kirton Holme, on the East and North; South Kyme, Heckington, and Great Hale, on the West; and the South Banks of Old Hammond Beck Swincjhead, on the South, shall constitute and be contained in the second District: The lowlands in Monks, Grcetwell, ifihingham, Fijkerton, Barlings, Stainfield, Bardncy, Sonthrey, Tupholm, Bucknall, Hirfngtcn, Stixwonld, Swincfke, ivoodhall, Thornton, kirk/lead, Tatter fall Thorpe, and Tattershall, being bounded as follows; that is to say, Bv the high Lands of the last mentioned Places on the north, the River jvitham on the South, the River Bane on the East, and Lincoln on the West, shall constitute and be contained in the third Distridb: The lowlands in Coningsby, Marebam, hundle house, Rcvcf /», Micldleham, Moorhouse, Flermitage, newho/me, Westhouse, Langrike, Langworth, Szvinecote, Hagnahy, Stickney, ivildmore Fen, and jvejlfen, and bounded as follows; that is to say, By the old River jvitham and Tattershall Bane on the West; by the high Grounds of Coningsby, the Grounds of Tumby, the high Ground of Marebam, and Revesby, the Grounds of East Kirkby, and the high Grounds of Hagnahy, on the North; by the high Grounds of Stickney and Grounds of Sibfcy on the East; Grounds in the Parish of S' irbeck and Boston East; and the Site of the ancient River jvitham on the South; shall constitute and be contained in the fourth Distridh: The lowland in Anwick, North Kyme, Rufeington, Dorrington, and Digby, being bounded as follows; that is to say, By Digby Old skirth dykc, and the Dyke which is the Eastern Boundary of a Close now occupied by John Lane, and that Part of Digby Engine Drain which extends from the said Close to Digby Engine, Billinghay Skirih, and Billiugbay Dales, on the north and East; Eau on the South; the highlands of Anwick, Rufeington, Dorrington, and Digby, and the car dyke, on the West, shall constitute and be contained in the fifth dif triel: The low Lvnds in South Kyme, Great Hale, Little Hale, Heckington, Lady frazer's six hundred Acres, Eucrby, fiozvcll, Afgarby, and some lowlands in Szvinefhcad, being bounded as follows; that is to say, By Holland Fen and dog dyke on the North; Helpinghani and Donnington Fens on thcsouth; Bicker Fen, Hammond Beck, and Part of the said Holland Fen, on the East; and the highlands of Great Hale, ]attic Hale, Heckington, Hozvcll, and Ewerby, on the West, sir all constitute and be contained in the sixth District.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the more cft cishial executing of this Act, certain commissioners shall be cledled within each of the said Districfts, in manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say, In the first District there shall be eighteen Commissioners clcdled, one for and by each of the several Places and Pariftics herein before mentioned, as comprised therein in manner following: The several Owners of Lands or Tenements of any Estate of Freehold, of of Inheritance or for Life, or for any Perm of Years wherein not more than one Half of the Value is reserved as a Rent, which Land hall lie within anyone of the said Places or Parishes comprised in the said first District, and shall be of the yearly Value of five Pounds; and the several Farmers at rack rent of any Lands or Tenements lying in Inch Parish or Place, and being of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, shall meet in the Parish Church, or other most usual Place of public Meeting to do Business, in the Parish or Place wherein such Lands respectively lie, on the second Tveflay in July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall then and there elect in each of the said Parishes or Places respectively one

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 32. 665

commissioner: Provided always, That every such Owner or Occupier of Lands, within such Parish or Place respectively, shall be liable by this Act to be taxed to the Purpose of Drainage for some lands or Right of Common of Pasture within such Place or Parish respectively: And it is hereby further provided, That every Inhabitant of the Parish of dog dyke shall have a Voice in the El odd ion of a commissioner for that Parish: the second District there shall be one Commissioner elected by and Second Distridh for each Parish, Town and Hamlet, the Inhabitants whereof severally and respectively have Right of Common of Pa flu re within any of the several Fens, Grounds and Places in the said second District contained; and the Election shall be held on the second Tuesday in the said Month of July, in the Vestry Room of each of the said Parishes, Towns and Hamlets, or other most usual Place of public Meeting to do Business within such Parish respectively; and the Right of cledling such Commissioners, in each of the said Parishes, Townships or Hamlets respectively, shall be in such Persons as shall be the Owners of ten Acres, or Farmers at rack rent of fifty Pounds per Annum, in such Place respectively where such Election shall be, and shall also have Right of Common in Holland Fen, except that in the Parish of Brother toft, alghe Inhabitants being Housekeepers shall have roiccs in the lection of a commissioner for the said Parish: the third District one commissioner shall be elected, by and Third Distritf. for each of the Parishes and Places herein before enumerated as comprised therein, the Election to be had in such Manner, and at such Time and Place, and by and under such Rules and Directions, and by Persons so qualified as are herein before expressed and declared concerning the cledling of commissioners of, for and within the first District: In the fourth District one commissioner shall be elected Fourih District. by and for each Parish, the Inhabitants whereof have severally and respectively Right of Common of Pasture in and upon the several Commons, or any of them comprised within the Limits of the said District, at the Vestry Room or other most usual Place of Meeting to do Parish Business within each of such Parishes respectively, at such Time and in such Manner as are herein before expressed and declared concerning the electing of Commissioners by, for and within the second District, and that no other Qualification shall be neccftary to give such Inhabitants Voices in such Election: it is hereby further provided, That the Occupiers of Frith Bank, having Right of Common in the said wild jnorc and Westfens, or either of them, or the Majority of them, may choose one commissioner for the said fourth District in such manner as to them, or the Majority of them, shall seem good: In the fifth District there shall be one commissioner elected for each Parish and Place herein before enumerated Fifth distri<a. as therein comprised, the said Election to be had in such Manner, at such Time and Place, and by and under such Rules and Directions, and by Persons so qualified, as are herein before provided, ex

eefted and declared concerning the Election of Commissioners of, for and within the first and third

iftridts: In the sixth District there shall be elected one commissioner for each Parish comprised Sixth Distnfh within the same, the Election to be held on the said second Tuesday in July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, at the respective Vestry Rooms of the several Parishes; in which Elections all the Proprietors of Lands of any Estate of Freehold, of of Inheritance, or Leasehold, wherein no more than half the yearly Value thereof is reserved as a Rent, being of the yearly Value of five Pounds and upwards, and lying within such Parish respectively where such commissioner is to be elected, and all Farmers at rack rent of Lands being of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, and within such Parish respectively, shall have Voices: Provided always, That for the South Kymc deemed a Purposes of this Act South Kyme shall be deemed a Parish, and empowered accordingly to elect a Com Par'fh. missioner for the said sixth District in manner aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That all such Persons as are or shall be entitled to vote 'at any of the Elec Electors may appoint tions before mentioned, may appoint certain Deputies to give such Vote for them, and each of them Deputies, respectively, by Writing under their Hands and Seals respectively.

V. Provided likewise, That the several Electors of Commissioners for each of the said Parishes, Electors to certify Elec towns, Hamlets and Places respectively, or the Majority of them respectively, being present and tions at first Meeting of voting at such Elections, shall and are hereby required to certify the said Election at the first General ^ndrai^0^missioner* Meeting of the General Commissioners for Drainage, to be held in pursuance of this Act, by s

Writing under their Hands and Seals respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners for the said first, second, third, Commissioners to direct fourth, and sixth Diliridts respectively, or any fine or more of each of them, and the Commissioners the several Wotics to oe for the fifth District, or any three or more of them, shall have the Care, Management and Direction Distnas. "^of the private Works neccftary to be done within their respective Districts, under the Rules and Directions herein after mentioned: And they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to elect Commissioners of the thirty-one Persons to be General Commissioners for the Purposes of Drainage, in manner following; to f, et and that

is to say, The Commissioners for the first District, or any five or more of them, shall meet at the f, onr/rnera "

House near the Hgh Bridge in the City of Lincoln, commonly known by the Sign of the Rein Deer, on the last Friday in July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and there elect seven Persons to be Part of the said General Commissioners: The Commissioners for the second District, or any five or more of them, shall meet at the Townhall in Bcfon on the last wednesday in July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and there elect six Persons to be other Part of the said General Commissioners

The Commissioners for the third District, or any five or more of them, shall meet at a public House known by the Sign of the Angel in Tattershall, on the last Friday in July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and there elect five Persons to be other Part of the said General Commissioners: The Commissioners for the fourth District, or any five or more of them, shall meet at a public House known by the Sign of the Vint e Hm t in stilsly, on the last Monday in July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and there elect eight Persons to be other Part of the said General Commissioners:

The Commissioners for the fifth District, or any three or more of them, shill meet at a public House known by the Sign of the Angel in New Sleaford, on the last Monday in July one thousand seven hundred

C 32.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

cc.t.miflloners for Di itricls may adjourn their i'.'ect ers.

and sixty two, and there elect two Persons to be other Part of the said General Commissioners; the Commissioners for the sixth District, or any five or mo e of them, shall meet at a publick House known by the Sign of the George in Nau Sleaford, on the lair Monday in July one thousand seven generalccmmissioners. hundred and sixty two, and there elect three Persons to be other Part of the said General coinmif sioners: Which Persons so elected, together with the Mayor of the City of Lincoln, and the Mayor of the Borough of Bofion, for the Time being, and two of the four Commissioners, which by virtue and in pursuance of this Act shall be elected by or on behalf of the City of Lincoln, as of for the purpose of thenavigation; and two of the four of, to be in like manner cledted by or on the behalf of the Borough of Boston, for the like Purpose; shall be, and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for the Purposes of Drainage, subject to the Rules, Orders, Provisions and direclior.s herein after mentioned, expressed and declared: And that the several Persons hereby im powered to elect and appoint General Commissioners for Drainage, or the major Part of them present at such Elections respectively, and the Mayors of the City of Lincoln and Borough of Boston for the Time being, shall certify their said several Elections respectively, by Writing under their Hands, at the firfb Meeting of the said General of for Drainage to be appointed by this Act.

VII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the of of the said respective Districts, or any two or more of them, to adjourn their Meetings for the urposes of this Act, from Time to Time, to such Time and Place as they, or any two or more of them, shall think necessary: if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of com iniffior.ers to actor to adjourn to any other Time or Place, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall adjourn the said Meeting to, and appoint the said of to meet at, the Place where the last meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day three Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to be held; and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on some public and conspicuous Place in the City of Lincoln, the town of New Sleaford, the Borough of Boston, the Towns of spi/sby, Horncastle, Tattershall, or one of them; and that the said Commissioners, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expenses.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person (except the Mayor of the City of Lincoln for the Time being, and the Mayor of the Borough of Boston for the Time being) shall, except in the swearing in other Commissioners, act as a General Commissioner for the purposes of Drainage, or as a Commissioner for the purposes of Navigation, itnless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of and entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or a Real and Personal Estate together, to the clear Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds, and unless such Person shall take and subscribe the Oaths following before any two or more of the said Commissioners (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same) before he takes upon himself to act as a Commissioner under this Actor in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby granted and given; which said Oaths shall be in the Words or to the Eftedl following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide am, in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tythes,

Tenements and Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, above Reprizes;

or that I am possessed of and entitled unto a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate toge there, to the clear Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds. So help me GOD

I A.B. do swear, That I will without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impar 4 X tially, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities established by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his Majesty Yl.\ng George the Third'r'nr

both Sides

Qualification of General Commissioners.

Oaths of General commissioners.

gation the Sea.

Penalty cn Persons act ing, if not qualified.

Il'ir: Appaion* of 200l. pr all1. talcing the Oath ot Office, may aft Commissioner:

g*r.: al Commissioners imy appoint Agents.

So help me GOD.

And if any Person hereby deemed unqualified or incapable to act for all or any of thecaufcs aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume so to do, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at v/efiminjlny by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit or Information; wherein no eftoin, Protection, or Wager of Lav, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. Provided always, That if any Person, who shall be elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of Drainage, or acommissioner for the purposes ofnavigation, shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having an Estate in Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, such Person shall be deemed qualified to act under this Act, provided he takes the Oath of office aforesaid.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person, who shall be elected a General Commissioner for the general Works of Drainag, by wri.ing under his Hand, from Time to Time, to appoint an Agent or Deputy, to act in his Absence as a commitioner for any lime not exceeding three Months; and such Agent or Deputy shall and may, provided he takes the Oath of Office appointed by this Act, although he shall not be otherwise quaiift d as is required by this Act, act as a Commissioner, in such and the same Manner, and as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioner might act and do if he was personally present; provided withal, that if such principal Commissioner shall be present, and in the actual Exercise of his Office, the Power and Authority hereby given to such Agent or Deputy shall totally ceafb and be void.

XI

667

Commissioners to continue.

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 32.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the said Districts, elected as aforesaid, Continuance of the shall continue to the first Auefday in April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, when a new HT, ttl0ners ot Election of Commissioners for the said Districts shall be made, in Manner and at the respective Places 1 s' aforesaid; Commissioners, then elected, shall continue for three Years; and that Commissioners for the said Districts shall, from the Time of such Elections, once in every three Years, be elected by the said respective Parishes, Towns, Hamlets and Places, in Manner and at the Places aforesaid; Continuance of the ge the General Commissioners shall continue from the time of their first: Election to the second t'uefdaynit^lcotnn'.iffwri&rs.' in April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, when a new Election of General Commissioners shall be made, in Manner and at the Places before appointed for electing General Commissioners; Commissioners, then elected, shall continue for three Years; and that General Commissioners shall, from the time of such Elections, once in every three Years, be elected by the Commissioners of the said respective Districts, on the third Tuesday in April; and the Clerks to the Commissioners for the said several Districts shall, and they are hereby required to transmitto the Clerk to the General Commissioners the Names and Places of Abode of the persons so elected General Commissioners; that on the Vacancy of a Commissioner for any of the said respective Districts, by Death or refuting Commissioners ofdi to act, another Commissioner shall be elected in the room of such Commissioner dying or refusing to oc sers t91

act, within three Months after such Death or Refusal; and in case another Commissioner shall not be e*elected within such Time, then the Lord of the Manor for the Parish or Place for which such Commissioner was elected, or any one by him deputed, or where there shall be more Lords of Manors within any such Parish or Place than one, any Person to be by them deputed, is hereby impowered to act as a Commissioner until such Vacancy shall be filled up by a new Election; that on the Va General Commissioner cancy of a General Commissioner by Death, or Refusal to act, another General Commissioner shall be d, yl£s' olliers to b elected in the Room of the Commissioner dying or refusing to act, within three Months after such e1' e

Death or Refusal, in manner herein before prescribed for electing General Commissioners within the District for which such General Commissioner was elected.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Persons who are to elect Commissioners for the if new Commissioners said respective Districts, or any of them, or in case the Commissioners for the said respective Districts, are not elected form or any of them, who are to elect General Commissioners for Drainage, shall neglect to meet at the Times appointed for such Elections, or shall not elect Commissioners accordingly, then the Persons who are Commissioners for the preceding Year shall continue Commissioners, until other Commissioners shall be elected as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of First Meeting of the them, shall meet at the Townhall in the Borough of Boston on the third Tuesday in August one thou General Commissioners, sand seven hundred and sixty two, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall afterwards Annual Meeting, meet on the first Tuesday in July yearly at such Place within the City of Lincoln, Town of New Sleaford, or Borough of Boston, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint;

and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, ' from Time to Time, adjourn themselves to such Time and Place as they shall think moult convenient for the Purposes of this Act: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to actor to adjourn to any other Time and Place, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall adjourn the said Meeting to, and appoint the said Commissioners to meet at, the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day three Weeks next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to beheld; and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on some public and conspicuous Place in the City of Lincoln, the Town of New Sleaford, the Borough of Boston, and the Towns of Horncastle, Spilsby and Tattershall, at least ten Days before such Meeting; and that the said Commissioners - all their Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and expences; provided always, that three Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said General Com Commissioners to make missioners, or any seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof four Contracts with v/o: k teen Days Notice shall be given, by affixing the same upon the several Market Crosses of Lincoln, s/ea mcn' ford, tattcrjhajl, Horncastle, Boston and Spilsby, to receive Proposals from, and enter into, make and execute Contracts with any Engineers and Workmen for draining the said lowlands and Fens, and for providing proper Engines, Utensils and Materials for that Purpose, and all other Matters, Articles and Things concerning the same: And that all such Contracts, so to be made, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them.

XV. And, in order to raise Money for defraying the Expenses of draining the said lowlands and Fens, Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to tax and charge all the lowlands and Fens lying, being, and comprised within the Boundaries of the said first, second, third and fourth Districts, with such equal yearly Rates and Taxes as to them shall seem requisite and necessary for the Purposes of such Drainage, so as the same do not exceed one Shilling an Acre for every Acre of private Property, eight Pence an Acre for every Acre of Half year's Land, and fourpence an Acre for every Acre of Common Land, during such Time as the same shall be used as Common; but if any such Land shall be afterwards enclosed, and used in Severalty, then such Land shall be taxed at any Rate not exceeding one Shilling an Acre for every Acre so enclosed, during such Time as the same shall remain enclosed (other than and except such Common Lands as shall be enclosed in pursuance of this Act for defraying the said Taxes) and also that the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and may tax and charge all the lowlands and Fens lying, being, and comprised within the Boundaries of the said fifth and sixth Districts, with such equal yearly Rates and Taxes as to them shall seem requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, so as the same do not exceed six Pence an

4 0.2 Acre

which are to be entere* in a Book.

The Acre Tax for the general Drainage.

C 32,

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Taxes vefred in Com

niifiioners.

General commissioner* to pay the Proprietors of Lands within the fifth and sixth distritt their Expense of Surveys, c.

dirtri&s chargeable with further yearly Taxes for private Works.

thecammissioners for the first, third and sixth Distrish to do the like on Application j.

but not to obfdruft Waters occasioned by S alt age or Downfall from taking their natural Course into the River Y it ham or Haven.

Lands in the sixth di strict to be jointly taxed with the Lands thro' which such Waters shall. c convened.

If privat"woikj bf found b' neficia) to Towns in any other. Dillrift, futii Towns to contribute n prsportioc.

Cr, mmi.t.oncrj of the fourth Distnft t ra fe Taxet within wildm^rc and Well Fens, by tn oo&r.g a l'arl thcicof;

Acre for every Acre of private Property, fourpence an Acre for every Acre of Half year's Land, and twopence an Acre for every Acre of Common Land, during such Time as the same shall be used as Common; but if any such Land shall be afterwards enclosed, and used in Severalty, then such Land shall be taxed at any Rate not exceeding six Pence an Acre for every Acre so enclosed, during such Time as the same shall remain enclosed (other than and except such Common Lands as shall be enclosed in pursuance of this at for defraying the said Taxes).

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Taxes to be raised by virtue of this A for the general Works of Drainage, hall be, and the same are hereby, vested in the General Commissioners for the general Works of Drainage, appointed and to be elected by virtue and in pursuance of this Aci, and the same shall be applied and disposed of in the Execution of this at, so far as the same relates to the general Works of Drainage, and the necessary Costs, Charges and Expenses attending the same, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, hall, out of the Money to be by them raised, pay to the Proprietors of the Lands lying within the said fifth and sixth districts such Sum and Sums of Money as they have respectively laid out and expended in making Surveys of the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Districts, so as the said Sum and Sums do not in the Whole exceed eighty Pounds, to be settled and ascertained in such manner as the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, hall think proper.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the second and fourth Dist: is respectively, or any five or more of them, to charge the lowlands and Fens lying within the said respective districts, with such further yearly fax as shall by them be judged necessary for the making, erecting and preserving any private Works, Banks, Drains or Engines, within the said respective Districts, in such manner as to them shall appear necessary and proper for the purposes of private Drainage; which said Works, Banks, Drains and Engines the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to raise and eredf in such Places, and in such Manner, as to them, or any five or more of them, hall seem most proper and convenient for the said Purposes: also that the said Commissioners of the first and third and sixth Districts, or any five or more of them, and the commissioners of the fifth District, or any three or more of them respectively, ball have Power, on Application to them made by the Lord of the Manor, and the major Part of the Proprietors of taxable Lands within any Township, Parish or Place lying within the said first, third, and fifth and sixth districts respectively, to charge the lowlands and bens, which are made liable by this atto be taxed for the general Drainage, lying within such Township, Parish or Place respectively, with such further yearly Tax as hall by them be judged necessary for making, erecting and preserving any private Works, Banks, Drains or Engines within such Township, Parish or Place, which to them shall appear necessary and proper for the Purposes of such private Drainage; which said Works, Banks, Drains 2nd Engines the said Commissioners are hereby empowered, on such Application as aforesaid, to raise and erect in such Places, and in such Manner, as to them, or any three or more of them, Avail seem most proper and convenient for the said Purposes; so as such private Works, Banks, Drains or Engines do not in any wise prevent or obstruct the Waters occasioned by Soakage or Downfall from taking their natural Course into the said River or Haven below the same, in regard that the obtaining, eft ecting and preserving such Course and Outfall is intruded to and under the Control of the General coinmif sioners by the Tenor and true Meaning of this A (except with respect to the Engines already erected within the said fifth and sixth districts, which are hereby allowed to remain, and not intended by this A to be subject to the Control of the General Commissioners: that the lowlands and Fens in the sixth District shall, jointly and together with the lowlands and Fens through which such Waters shall be conveyed, be taxed and afielfed for and towards racting Money for paying and defraying the Charges and Expenses of deepening, imbanking, repairing, supporting and maintaining all the present Gowts, Drains, Dikes and Cuts, which are hereby allowed to be made use of for the conveying such Waters into the aforesaid River or Haven, so long as they continue to use the same, and to be paid in such Shares and Proportions as any five Commissioners of the said districts, not interested in the pre mifi es (to be for that Purpose nominated and appointed by the General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose) hall order, direct or appoint; and the Expenses of the Commissioners, who shall determine the same, shall be paid out of the Tax or Assessment to be laid on the said sixth Districft.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such private Works, Banks, Gowts or Engines, in anyone of the said Districts, shall be found beneficial to any other Townships, Parfthes or Places within the same or any other Districft appointed or ascertained by virtue of this ATHEN such Townships, Parishes or Places shall contribute towards the Charge of making and preserving the said Works, in proportion to the Benefit they hull receive thereby; which Proportion shall be adjusted and ascertained by any three or more of the General Commissioners, not being commissioners of any of the districts in question; and that the Waters of each Township, Parish or Place, lying within the first and third districts, shall be issued and carried to the River J p'11 ham down their present Diains, or by Drains within the lame.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said foort) Dicti ict, or any five or more of them, to raise, or cause to be raised, such Taxes as shall be charged or afieflid upon the Commons in iflldmore Fen and Weslfcn, for defraying the Charges and Expenses as well of the general Drainage, as of the particular Works to be done vithinthe said fourth. diliric.t, by inclosing any Part of the said Commons, not exceeding eight hundrcdacres in th qjp cji Fen, and six hundred Acres in I FI Id more Fen; and that the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, from Time 10 Time, so long ait shall he necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, grant a lease or Lcales of the Land and Ground, lo to be enclosed, unto any Person or Persons, at and for the be ft Rent they can get far the fume, for any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years j and that the Money

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 32/ 669

ttcy arising from such enclosed Lands by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied only towards paying the Taxes 2nd Rates charged on the said Wildmore v.x\&west Fens respectively.

XXI. Provided always, That no such Enclosure shall be made in the said Fens within the Distance of half Exception, a Mile from Frith Bank, or from any other Enclosure, without the Consent of the Proprietors thereof (other

than and except such Lands as are to be cut off by the designed new River, which are to be deemed and taken

aslands liable to be enclosed by this Act); and that the Lands and Grounds so to be enclosed shall not be subject

the Payment of anyt ythes, Taxes parochial or otherwise, during the Time the same shall remain enclosed. to Tythes.u Je

XXII. And be it further enacted, 'hat the Taxes which Iha 1 be aliened or charged upon Holland Fen, Taxest0 beraifrd for defraying the Charges and Expenses as well of the general Drainage as of the particular W orks to be in like manner m. done within or for the Purposes of draining the said Fen, shall and may be raised by the Commissioners of the hollandfen:. said second District, or any five or more of them, by inclosing Part of the said Fen, not exceeding in the whole

one thousand Acres; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby, empowered from Time to Time, so long as it shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to grant a Lease orr Leases of the Land and Ground so to be enclosed to any Person or Persons and for the belt Rents they can. get for the same, for any Term or Terms not exceeding twenty-one Years, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, That no Part of the Lands in the said Fen shall be enclosed which lies South of Exception, the Old Forty Foot Drain, or North of the said Drain nearer than one Mile frombrothcrtoft, without the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, except such Lands as may be cut off by the intended new.rlver, which are to be understood as Lands liable to be enclosed by this Act; and that the Lands so to be enclosed shall not be subject to the Payment of any Tythes, Taxes parochial or otherwise, during such Enclosure, other than and except that if any Person or Persons shall occupy any Part of such Fen, which shall be enclosed for the Purpose of paying the Taxes to be laid by virtue of this Act, the said enclosed Lands, so occupied, shall be subject to the Payment of such Tithe only as shall and may arise, renew, increase or happen in or upon, such enclosed Part of such Fen, by depasturing of all living Stock, or Cattle, in such manner as Tithe for the same hath usually been, or now is, or ought to be paid.

XXIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, impeach or defeat any Rights or>rights of Lord Privileges of the respective Lords of Wildmore Fen, West Fen, and Holland Fen, or any of them, in, to, orof ^wofs in out of the said Lands so to be enclosed (other, than and except the Right of Brovage) and that the Money Fcn» arising from Lunds enclosed in Holland Fen, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied only

towards paying the Taxes and Rates charged on the said Fen.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Taxes which shall be nflefled or charged upon any other Com a sufficient Pnr mon within the first, third, fifth and sixth Districts, for defraying the Charges and expences as well of the of any other general Drainage as of the particular Works to be done within the same Common respectively, shall andf0^ "pj maybe raised by the Commissioners of the District wherein such Common lies, or any five or more of them>.i^en°t'f Tax., F by an Enclosure of Part of the said Common, so as no Half Year. Land shall be made liable to be enclosed by Confer: hereby; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered to

grant a Lease or Leases thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the hest Rent they can get for the same, lor any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, for the purposes aforesaid:. Provided always, That such Enclosure be made by and with the Consent and approbation.of the Lord of the Manor, and the major Part of the Persons having Right of Common therein, at a.meeting to be held for that Purpose of which fourteen days Notice shall be given, by affixing the same upon the Church Door of the Parish, or other usual Place for affixing public Notices, by the Commissioner elected for such Parish, who is hereby required to cause such Notice to be given; and that the Money arising from such enclosed Lands by virtue and in pursuance oft' this Act, shall be applied only towards paying the Faxes and Rates to which the commons.in such Pariflx; shall be made liable by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. Provided always, That no more Common Lands shall be enclosed in any one Parish within the exception.] first, third, fifth and sixth Districts, than what shall be thought necessary for discharging the Taxes and

Rates, to which the Commons in such Parish shall be made liable by virtue of this Act, within such respectSuch Enclosure Parish only; and that the Lands so to be enclosed shall not be subject to the Payment of any Tythes, not to be subject Taxes parochial or otherwise, during the Time the same shall remain enclosed. totu es.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the commissioners of Districts wherein the Commons of Wildmore Ft n, wejlfen, and Holland Fen respectively are comprised, or any the Districts five or more of them, to apply.any Money that may arise from the Sale of such Common Lands in the said Fens whereinhollandfl

of Lancs cut through for the new River towards inclosing of Lands, and Payment of Taxes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That thetaxes to be charged and aftested as aforesaid, by virtue of th; 3 Tenants to pay

Act, shall be paid by the Tenants of the Lands and Tenements charged with the same respectively; futhe°^mec" Tenants shall and maydeduft and defalk the same out of the Rents payable to their respective Landlords, -. 1 3

XXIX. Provided always, That in case any Tenant final! hold: any.lands or Tenements so to be taxed ftycxccpt Leases

r.ci.

virtue of or under any Lease for any Term of Years which will not expire till after the End of fourteen Years, which will to be computed from ladyday one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, then such Taxes shall be paid by [he'end ofi" the Landlord and tenant in such Shares and Proportions as shall be adjusted, ascertained and determined by y^.rsn. ° the Commissioners of the District, or, Districts wherein the said Lands ancltenements are situate or any three or more of then;

XXX. Provided also, That all Persons

helling

their Lands and Tenementsmnder.biiliops, College or and Church.,

Church Leases, or other Leases, not at a Rackrr nt, shall pay. the whole Taxes, and shall not be entitled to iaf; s any Deduction from their several Landlords in respect thereof.'.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the second and.fourth Districts respectively a*.e, hereby, authorised and empowered to pay the General commissioners/o be appointed or ebofen tolerve

3, " for.r

Cj*o

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Proprietor to five in an Account of their Lmif,

for their respectivediflridts, their Charges and Expenses of attending the General Meetings, fothat the same does not exceed ten Shillings a Day, out of the Surplus Rents, if there shall be any such, which shall arise from the Lands to be enclosed in the Commons in such respective Districts, or in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, to raise the Moneys for such Purpose within their respective Districts.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the several Lands and Grounds within the several Districts aforesaid, and liable to be rated and taxed by virtue and within the Meaning of this Act, shall, on or before the second Tuesday in 'january one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, be given to the commissionneis for such respective Districts, or to their Clerks, by the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers, of such Lands and Grounds respectively, to be by them forthwith transmitted to the Clerk to the General Commissioners; if any of the Owners, Proprietors, oroccupiers of Lands within any such District or Districts, shall neglect or refuse to give in to such Commissioners, or their Clerk, a particular Account of the Number of Acres belonging to them, or in their Possession respectively, distinguishing therein how much thereof is private Property, Half Years Land, Common or other kind of Land respectively; and in case there shall be reason to suspect that the Number of Acres is not truly Hated in any such Account, or not properly distinguished in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order a Survey to be made of any of the said Lands by some able Surveyor, not being a Proprietor of any Lands in the said District, upon Oath (which Oath any two of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer); and any Survey which shall he so made shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said of, or any five or more of them, to ascertain and determine the Quantities and also such distindli ons as aforesaid of such Land, and the Charge of surveying the Lands of such Person or Persons as shall neglect or refuse to give in such Account, orlhall deliver in a false Account, shall be paid by such Person or Persons respectively; and in Case of nonpayment thereof, shall be recovered in such Manner as the Taxes are herein directed to be recovered; and in case it shall appear, upon any such Survey, that the Number and Distinction of Acres were truly Hated in any such Account, the Charge of such Survey shall be defrayed out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act for the Purposes of the General Drainage.

Determination of

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Tax or Assessment shall be rated, charg disputes about ed, or levied, for or in respect of any Lands being Part of the Lands bounded and described as aforesaid, highlands. which are known and distinguished by the Name of highlands, or which have not been subject to Inundations, or to be otherwise annoyed by flood water: And if in the case of any Tax, to be assessed by the General Commissioners of general Drainage, any Dispute shall arise, whether any of such Lands shall or shall not be deemed highlands, or have not been subject to Inundations, or otherwise annoyed by Water, the same shall be determined, upon view, by five of the private Commissioners, herein before required to be elected by and for the said six Districts, nor having any Property in, nor being elected by, the District wherein such Lands shall lie; two of which Commissioners shall be nominated by the Commissioners for the District wherein such Lands are situate, or any three or more of them; and the other two by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in Dispute; and the fifth by such four Commissioners so previously nominated as aforesaid; if such four Commissioners cannot agree in the Choice of a fifth, he shall be nominated at the first subsequent Meeting of General Commissioners of general Drainage; and all such Commissioners, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall take an Oath well and truly, to the befl of Their Judgement and Knowledge, to determine whether such Lands have been subject to Inundations, or otherwise annoyed by flood water, or ought to be deemed lowlands, liable to be taxed by virtue of this Act (which Oath any one or more of the said private Commissioners for the said Districts are hereby empowered to administer) and such Commissioners shall let forth their Determination in two distinct Writings, and shall sign the same; and one of such Writings shall be delivered to the Owner of such Lands, and the other of such Writings shall be delivered to the Clerk to the General Commissioners for Drainage, {'ciions rofufinj

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whose lowlands and Fens shall be 10py tlieirtax taxed or assessed as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay such Tax, for the Space L > of twenty-one Days next after Demand thereof made, by the respective Collector or Collectors of the said

Taxes, then and in every such case the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the said Conuirflioners of the said respective Districts, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised respectively by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to empower their respect nc, tive Collector or Collectors to levy the same by Diflrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattles which shall he l'vudty imrefs found on the Lands charged with the Taxes in Arrear; and if the Lands shall he untenacted, or no fuf

anj sjio. ficient Distress can be found for levying the said Taxes, the Lands chargeable therewith shall remain a security

mukhunoccu

for Payment thereof, and the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, in j 11 '.o cniani* casa? after Default of Payment for three Months (having given one month's Notice in Writing to the Owner of such Lands, or his Agent) be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to enter into and upon the Liu Lands, and let the same from Year to Year, for the bell Rent that can be precured for the same, until all Arrears of the said Taxes, and all Expenses of raising the same, shall have been fully paid and satisfied; the Produce thereof shall be applied, in the first place, towards discharging the said Taxes, and the Charges attending such Entry, and the Rcfidtie thereof shall be paid by such Collector or Coll dlors to the Owner of such Lands, or his or her Agent, when demanded.

XXXV. And whereas from the Multitude of Proprietors interested in the several Commons of Holland, jvildm'j) C and West Fens respectively, Disputes may arise, so as to prevent such Enclosures being made as aie herein before provided for raising the Taxes to be charged on the said Fens or any of them, by virtue of this Act: And whereas if no 1'm.h Enclosures should he agreed upon and made in due Time, ' by the commissioners for such Districts respectively, wherein the said common Fens are situate, great difiieulics may aiifein levying the same; 'Pc it therefore further enacted, That if the Proprietors of all or any of the faij Commons of Holland Fen, i'/ildmorc and ifrjl Fens respectively, do not pay the Taxes

ir.iflwners to

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 32. 671

to be assessed upon the said Commons, or any of them, within six Months after the same shall become pay cl Lands in able, and Notice given for that Purpose, by causing the same to be affixed upon the several Market Croftes ^"and west of Bojion, Spilsby, and Horncastle, that then it shall and maybe lawful for the said General Commissioners, fens in case the or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby vested with all and every the Powers and Authorities for Taxes assessed inclosing such Parts, and so much of the said common Fens respectively, where such Default in Payment thereon are not shall happen, and from Time to Time to demise the same in such manner, and under and subject to the paidindu£ldme* same Restrictions, Provisoes, and Regulations, as are herein before directed and prescribed to the of of the several and respective Districts wherein the said common Fens do lie; and so as the Money arising from such Lands so to be enclosed, be applied to the very same Purposes as the Moneys to arise by an Enclosure of any of the said Commons are herein before directed to be applied, and no other; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners, or any seven or more ofde^by^htce* them, shall, in the first place, cause a grand Sluice or Sluices for Lemming the Tide to be erected between commissi lodowick's Goiut, and Bojion Bridge, at or near a Piece of Ground commonly called harrison's Four Acres', theoneis.

Floor whereof to be three Feet at least lower than the present Floor of Lodoiuick's Goiut, and its neat Capacity,

or cle. r Water Way, to be fifty Feet wide at leaf!:, with three or more Pair of pointing Doors to the Seaward, to shut with the Flow of the Tides; and also pointing Frames provided with Drop or Draw Doors on the land side or to Landward, to be shut occasionally, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct, in order to retain fresh Waters in dry Seasons for the Use of Cattle and the Navigation; thetop of which Draw Doors to be gauged to such a Height as to retain the Water of the River not higher at ordinary Seasons than two Feet below the medium Surface of the lowest Lands that drain therein; and also that the said General Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall make, or cause to be made, a new Cut from the said Sluice or Sluices, unto or near unto anthony's Gowt, of the Breadth of eighty Feet at the Top, fifty Feet at the Bottom, and of the Depth of ten Feet at a Medium, more orless, as the Commissioners shall think proper, and in as straita Direction as the Nature of the Ground will properly admit; and shall or cause to be made, a Bank on each Side thereof, at least forty Feet from the Prick of the Spade, and ten Feet high, with the Earth arising therefrom; and also that the said General Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall order and direct the Engineers and Workmen to proceed, with all convenient Speed, in making a new Cut or Cuts to proceed from or near Anthony's Gowt to or near lo.ngrike Ferry, and from thence to or near Chapel Hill, the said Cut or Cuts to be made as straight as may be, without doing any Damage to the House or Ferry at Langrike, (without hindering or prejudicing the Use or Working of the said Ferry for Carriage of any Person, Cattle, or Carriages whatsoever, for Hire across the said Cut or Cuts) and as may consist with following the lowest Level of the Country, and shall be most proper for answering the Purposes of a general Drainage; the said Cut or Cuts to be not less at a Medium than of the following Dimensions; that is to say, sixty eight Feet at the Top, fifty Feet at the Bottom, and nine Feet deep, the Earth to be taken therefrom to be disposed in Bank Fashion, at the Distance forty Feet from the Prick of the Spade, and to be made at a Medium nine P'eet high.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners, or any seven or more of

them, shall, and they are hereby empowered to cleanse, scour, widen, deepen, and imbank the River7^7 &ct'v'* n<l '

tham, according to its present Course, from Chapel Hill to Stamp End near the City of Lincoln, where necessary,

so as to be answerable in Depth and Capacity to the Rivers and Cuts already diiedted to be made, and

to remove all obstructions, Fishing Wears, and Impediments in the Channel of the said River, and to do

all other Matters and Things that shall be necessary or conducive towards effecting the Purposes of the ge Surface the

neral Drainage as high as Stamp End aforesaid. Water thereof to

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said River and Cuts shall be so made as the medium la to run off or reduce the Surface of the Water in the said River, at ordinary Seasons, two Feet at least face Lands ad below the medium Surface of the lowest Lands adjoining upon each Part thereof respectively. joining.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon a3 the Works before mentioned shall be compleated^of^wor^m^n as far as Chapel Hill, the said General Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and they are Jr. employed hereby required to cause such a Number of Workmen to be employed in canwing on the Works upon then the Mother Mother River above Chapel Hill, as shall be at least equal to the Number of Workmen at the same Time River as on the employed upon the Side Rivers, Banks, and Drains herein after mentioned. Side R, ven

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are Relating to an hereby authorised, empowered, and required to cause a new Gowt to be made and erected at the general thony's^gowt & Expense, in the North Bank of the intended new Cut or River, at or near the Place where Anthony's goiut^a "d roflw s now ftpnds, and to cause the said Gowt to be begun upon as soon as the said intended new Cut or River'L' shall be made as far up as to the Place where the said intended new Gowt is to be erected, and to cause the same to be finished with all convenient Speed; the said new Gowt to be made of one Arch or Tun of fourteen Feet clear Waterway, and the Floor thereof to be laid as low as the Bed or Bottom of the said intended new Cut or River, and to be of such Headway as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause to be made at the general Expense, a new Cut from the Place where the said new Gowt shall be erected, to the Place where anthony's Gowt now Lands, of sufficient Dimensions for conveying the Waters of Wildmore and West Fens through the said intended nev Gowt, and to be made as soon after the said new" Gowt is finished as conveniently may be: And in case it shall appear to the General Commissioners of the fourth District, or any five or more of them, that the Commons called Wildmore and West Fens, and the low Grounds adjoining thereto, are not thoroughly drained through the said new Gowt, it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commissioners of the fourth District, or any five or more of them, to order any new Cuts to be made, or any old ones to be scoured out in the said Commons, and also to order such further Works as they shall think necessary and proper for draining the said Fens and low Grounds through Maud Fjhr's Goiut, at the

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 176

Expense of such Lands in the fourth District, which hall not have contributed to Maud fo/ler's Gowt, in such Proportion as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, fnull adjudge or determine.

Proviso relating

XLI. Provided always, That if any Detriment shall arise to the Lands now draining through Maud thereio. Fojhrs Gowt, the General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon Appeal made to them by the Majority of the Proprietors of the Lands now draining through Maud Fojier's Gowt, and exp re fling the particular Damage, shall order, if they judge reasonable, such Enlargements to the said Aland Foster's Gout, and the Drains leading thereto, as shall be luff.cient to relieve the said Lands, and prevent any future Damage to the same, to be done at the Expense of such Lands in the said fourth District, as shall not have contributed towards the Expense of the said Maud fojler's Goivt.

M itctt.ils vested

XLII. Provided always, That the Materials of which Anthony's Goivt is con sir u died shall be and the 'in General Com same are hereby vested in the said General Commissioners, to be by them, or any five or more of them, nuuioners. applied and disposed of in such manner as t'nev shall think proper for the general Works of Drainage.

XLIII. And whereas, in order for the effectual scouring of the said out sail, and thereby draining the lowlands and Fens intended to be drained and improved by virtue of this Act, it is absolutely necessary to preserve the living Waters, and to confine theflood Waters falling into the same Channels, and for that Purpose to scour out, deepen and imbank, not only the Mother River, but also the several Rivers or

Si ie Rivers or Diain; to be ucnres, cic General, 'uarge.

eienptioa

hereof.

neral of, or any five or more of them, to cause the said Rivers, Dikes, and Becks, herein

at before mentioned and described, to be scoured, widened, deepened, and imbanked, by the Ways and Means mid for the Purposes herein and hereby mentioned, directed, provided, and declared; and that the Charge and Expense of the doing, executing, and performing, the several Works lad before mentioned, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Money raised by the Taxes or Assessments to be made by the General Commissioners for the Purpose of Drainage by virtue and in purfwance of this acst.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rivers, Channels, Becks, Dikes, and Waters, so necessary to be scoured, deepened, and imbanked, as aforesaid, shall be so scoured, deepened, and imbanked, in Manner and to theeffedl herein after mentioned; that is to say, The Channel of Kynie Eau from the said River jvitham to Ewerby Fen Corner called the Clapps, and so much higher as shall be found necessary; Channel o f Fatter frail Bane from the River jvitham to dickinson's Engine, and so much higher

commission 'ers may heighren, v. the Hunks.

as shall be found necessary; Channel of Billingbay Skirths from the River ivitham to Billingbay Town, and from thence to Kynie causevvny Bridges, and from thence to the Junction of Scopwick Beck with North Kyme Fen Dyke, and so as that their Banks may be thirty Feet broad at the Seat, six Feet at the Top, and six Feet high or thereabout at a Medium; Duns Dyke from the River jvitham, to the Car Dyke, and Barlings Eau from the River jvitham to Ably, and so much higher as shall be found necessary, so as that their Banks shall be fifteen Feet broad at the Seat, five Feet at the Top, and five Feet high or thereabouts at a Medium; jvajhingborough Beck from the River jvitham to the said Car Dyke, so as the Banks thereof shall be twelve Feet broad at the Seat, four Feet at the T of, and four feet high or thereabouts at a Medium; and that Stickfwould Beck, Souihrcy Eau, Tupholm Dyke, and Bardncy Beck, from the River jvitham to the adjoining high Grounds, as far as shall be found necessary, and St airfield Beck and Bullington Beck from Barlings Eau to the high Grounds, in Length four Furlongs, and so much further as shall be found necef 1'ary; and also all other Becks on the North Side of the River jvitham shall be scoured out and imbanked in proportion to the Flood Waters they bring down.

XLV. Provided always, That if any of the said Dimensions of the said Banks shall be found insufficient for the said Purposes, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to heighten, enlarge, and strengthen the same, in such manner as shall be by them, or any five of them, thought effectual and necessary for preserving the said living Waters, and confining the same and the Flood Waters within the said Channels.

A Cut sobs nr.aje

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the said New Cut or River shall be com fresh Langrike pleated as far as Lang rite Goivt, the said General Commissioners for Drainage, or any five or more of them, C o, ., n tile general Charge, cause a new Cut to be made from Langrikc Goivt to the said new Cut or Ri

lien the same shall be required to be done by the Commissioners of the said second diariel, or any five or nvuvof them, and by the Commissioners of the said sixth District, or any five or more of them; and that 'he Drains lea ling to the said new Cut from Heckington Eau, and the other Drain from the Skirth across Holland Sin, shall lie scoured up and cleansed at the general Charge, and under the Directions of the fii 1 General Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the said new Cut or River shall be com g*'u'o 1! ( n v westward of lodnviek's Goivt, the said General Commissioners for Drainage, or any five or more

t ut, r River, m(>f them, shall, at the general Charge, cause a new Cut to be made from Lodowiek's Gowt to the said new th jrcne.jl cut or River, when the same shall be required to be done by the Commissioners of the said second District'

'any five or more of them.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners and Occupiers of Lands who are obliged of Right on that Behalf, shall, from Time to Time, make and keep their O tring or Diviflor. Dikes or Drains, nine Feit broad and five Feet deep; and shall, from Time to lime, cause the fume to be loaded and scoured, and l'rijg.s and Tunnels 11 he 1 aid therein, where necessary: if any Perfott shall rcful'e or neglect to do th -- same for the Space of fourteen Days after Noli; e given by the Surveyor in Writing, and signed by two Commissioners r r" the district wherein such Land shall lie, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the sail district, or any five or more of them, to cause and order the same to be done, and, by wari.mt under tin ir Hand, and Seals, to cause the Charges attending the same to be levied by dif trt an! Sale of the goojs nd Chunks of the ottender, re omiing the Overplus (if any) when demanded,

Cirto. theriv r Ih^ 11,

ver, wiien

an 1 an, Horn

Charge.

O tr 17 nidi. V ifion iv Ices n be kop of-11 by th i'ropficior.

toific Person or Persons wltofe Goods and Chat les shall be so diflt ained and sold.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

G. 3 2.

673

XLIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Lords of Manors may Lord of any Manor or other Owner or Proprietor of Lands within any of the said several Distrifls, make Division Dikes at from making, or causing to be made, any Drains or Division Dikes, or other Works, at their their n expect but own Expense, within their own Lands respectively; provided such Drains or Division Dikes do Works'o^drdnage'*6 not detriment or interfere with the general or private Works of Drainage to be performed by virtue orso raina of this AL

L And be it further enacted and declared, That the General Commissioners for Drainage, or any i odowick's Gowt to be five or more of them, shall, out of the Money to be by them raised, pay to the Surveyors of holland^w0* at the Eensral Fen the Sum of one hundred Pounds, in consideration of the Works by them done to lodcwick sciar6e*

Gcivt; and that from the Time that the said general Works of Drainage shall be begun, until the Water of the River jvitham at Chaptel Hill shall be turned into the new River before described, and from thence discharged by the grand Sluice, lodoivicf Gcivt shall, for the Safety of the Country, be supported and maintained at the general Charge, and so much longer as the General commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall think the same conducive towards effecting the Purposes of the general Drainage, but not afterwards.

LI and be it further enacted, That the general Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Tunnels under kymc shall and may cause the Tunnels sunk under Kyme eau and Billinghay skirths to be removed and and billinghay taken away, leaving the Materials for the Use of the Owners thereof; and that no cut, Channel, Skirlhs to be rem0'c or Tunnel, shall at any Time thereafter be made or laid in the Places aforesaid, or in any other PI ace, for diverting any of the Water out of the said fjver jvitham, except as herein after mentioned: And if any such Cut, Channel, or 'runnel, shall be so made or laid, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause the same to be filled up, abated, or removed, and, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Charges attending the same to be levied by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattles shall be so distrained and sold.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case the lowlands and Fens lying in North Kyme and j>rr0ff'y5rs of La, n^s1*a Billinghay Dales, betwixt Kyme eau and Billinghay skirths, shall not be sufficiently drained by the Expedients aforesaid, so as to issue and convey their Downfall and Soakage Waters into Kyi>, or the River jvitham above chappel Hill, the Owners and Proprietors of such lowlands and Fens Eau, if Ociafion. respectively may, when they think the same necessary, and they are hereby empowered to lay a 'Funnel under Kyme eau betwixt Drury Dyke and the twenty foot Drain, not exceeding two Feet square, for conveying such Waters into the River jvitham through Langrike Gowt, so as such 'Funnel be laid so low and so effectually built and secured as not to obffrudt the necessary deepening of Kyme eau, or the free passage of the Waters thereof into the River jvitham.

LIII. Provided always, That if the aforesaid Proprietors shall suffer any Waters more than the said Downfall and Soakage to be conveyed through the said Tunnel, then, and in such Case, the Commissioners of the second District, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to remove and take away such Tunnel; and the Lands, intended to be benefited thereby shall thereupon be discharged from contributing towards the Ex. of Red Stone Gowt.

LIV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors of the Tunnel Dampfovd Tunnel to be called Dampford Funnel, now lying under the said Kyme eau, to continue the same, but subject to continued» and under the like restrictions and Provisions as are herein before mentioned, provided, and declared, of and concerning such Tunnel as is herein before licensed or permitted to be lard or continued under Kyme eau.

North Kyme and bil p linghay Dales, to lay a bail Tunnel under Kvme*

mto the same Fens respectively, and the Eleven Fen aforesaid, according to ancient Custom, for the Use of Cattle

owns having

Right and all other old heretofore for

that Heckington Funnel, be used and continued Inches square.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That

of Common in Holland in dryscafons; and also

Funnels, except as before directed to be removed, may the same Purpose, provided the same do not exceed nine

it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commis a movable Staunch to iccnfe. order nr nnnniut stirh other Tunnels, tint exreed be erefled inkyma eau;

sioners, or any five or more of them, to license, order or appoint such other Tunnels, not exceeding nine Inches square, in and through any of the Banks of the said several Rivers and Drains respectively, for conveying Water into any other of the low Grounds or Fens so intended to be drained as aforesaid for the watering of Cattle in dry Seasons only, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper and requisite: And also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the eleven Commissioners for the eleven Towns, having Common Right in Holland Fen, together with the Commissioners for North and South Kyme, or the major Part of them, to fetor cause to be set down a movable Staunch in kyme eait above Drury dyke, so as such Staunch be made no higher than will he necessary to turn the Water into the Tunnels through the Banks into Holland Fen, North Kyme and South Kyme, and to appoint proper Persons to look after the same, and to cause the Charge and Expense attending the same to be paid and defrayed by and out of the mo ndy arising or produced by any Enclosure of Lands in Holland Fen (subject nevertheless to the Direction and Control of the general Commissioners for the Drainage, or any five or mere of them)

ymc

above Drury dyke*

upon Complaint to them made of any Damage sustained they vol. VIII ' 4r

'.'ll' ft

C

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

and the Tunnels continued at How Bridge.

If a fufscient Quantity cannot be iltoed for cat t!

C

4th diiiridt.may place umoveable shuttles to raise the Water.

Bed of the Witham, where not enclosed, vetted in the of.

The Sea Sluice and Rivers to be maintained at the general Charge.

Staunches to keep back Land Water, how to be erected,

32-

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Tunnels in tvildmore.fen Bank, at the End of How Bridge Drain, hall be likewise continued for taking in Water into tvildmore and West Fens in dry Seasons for the Use of Cattle, so as such Tunnels be placed and set as low as the same can be.

LVIII. Provided always, That if it shall be found that the Water in the River tvitham shall be so low as that a sufficient Quantity cannot be issued and taken thereout for the Use of Cattle in c0mrnu\\on't$*0 fc t h e'moreen then the Commissioners of the fourth distrit, or any five or more of them, hall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to place, or cause to be placed, removable Shuttles on the Top of the Land Door at the Grand Staunch, so as to raise the Water in the new intended River to such a Height as to issue Water in dry Seasons through the said Tunnel into the said Fens for the Purposes aforesaid'; but subject nevertheless to be removed and abated by the general Commissioners, or any five or more of them, if they hall find the same prejudicial to the Drainage intended by this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Site or Bed of the old River tvitham, where the same is not already enclosed, hall be, and the same is hereby vested in the general Commissioners, to be by them, or any five or more of them, applied and disposed of in such Manner as they hall think necessary and proper for the general Works of Drainage.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the necessary Charges and Expences of maintaining and supporting the Sea Sluice, the Mother River, and all other the Rivers, Becks, Drains, and living Waters herein before particularly direted to be scoured and deepened, and the Banks thereof, and all other Works which the said general Commissioners, or any five or more of them, hall order and direct to be performed for the General Works of Drainage, hall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Money to be raised for the general Works of Drainage, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Staunch or Land Door shall be ereted in the said River tvitham, within the Limits aforesaid, or in any Rivers or Drains running into the said River tvitham, within the Limits aforesaid, already made, or which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, so as that the Water may be thereby kept up higher than within two Feet of the lowest Lands lying above such Staunch or Land Door, except for the Use of Cattle as before mentioned; nor any Staunch or Land Door at Lincoln High Bridge, or between the said Bridge and tvajhingborough Ferry, that hall not be at lead two Feet lower than the lowest Lands in Canwick Ings; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

lxir. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said respective distrits, or any five or more of them, hall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to make Exchanges of any Fen or common Lands, which shall be separated by any such Cut to be made for the Purposes of this Act.

fcr '

LXIII. And whereas, according to the Plan herein before prescribed, the ancient and public £ Highroad leading from Tattershall Town to and over Tattershall Ferry, and to the Town of Bil

ling hay, will be in a great Measure covered by Part of the Banks which are to be thrown up and made on the North and South Sides of the River tvitham, at and near Tattcrjloall Ferry, and by the Bank which is to be thrown up and made on the North West Side of Billinghay skirthbe it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the present Proprietor of the said Ferry, or his Heirs and Assigns, to preserve and continue the said Ferry, and all Rights and Privileges belonging to the lame, in as full and ample Manner as the same is now enjoyed; and also that the f.iid Highroad, now leading from Tattershall to the said Ferry, shall be and remain over the Bank intended to be raised by virtue of this Act on the North Side of the River tvitham, free and open to all his Majesty's subjcts; this Act or anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: that the said Road leading from the said Ferry to Billinghay hall pass and be upon the Bank which shall be made by virtue of this Act upon the North West Side of Billinghay Skirth, which is hereby declared and enacted to be a public and common Highway for all his Majesty's subjcts passing and repassing on Foot, or with Horses, Cattle, Carts, and other Carriages; and that such Person or Persons as, by reason of Tenure or otherwise howsoever, are now bound to repair the last mentioned Part of the said Road, shall and may, and such Person and Persons are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, as often as Occasion shall require, to repair, amend, and sustain such new Road, to be formed upon the said Bank in Manner aforesaid, and for that Purpose to enlarge the said Bank in Breadth to any Dimensions, not exceeding forty Feet in the whole.

LXIV. Provided always, That the said Bank shall for ever be and remain at the least twelve Feet; Skirth not to be lei than and that nothing shall be done upon or in relation to the said Road or Ferry which shall in any wise iz Feet in Width. impede, obstrut, or make worfc the Drainage or Navigation intended by this Act, or any Works

necessary or proper for eftcting the same; and that the Materials for amending and supporting the same shall and may be taken out of the said River called Billinghay Skirth, and out of such Part of the said River tvitham adjoining to the said Ferry, as shall be found most convenient for the Purposes aforesaid, and so adjudged by the said Commissioners for Drainage, or any five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals.

LXV. And whereas there has been, for Time immemorial, several other ferrying Places across the said River tvitham, the Property of diverse Lords of Manors, or other Persons; ' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the present Proprietors of the said Ferries, their Heirs or Assigns, to preserve and continue the said Ferries, and all Rights and Privileges belonging to the

1 same.

commissioners of the; D: ivri£ls to exchange Lands separated by the nev Cut.

The Ferry and Road tu een Tattershall nr. Billinghay preferred.

Bank cf biiiingluy

R jh*s 01' Ov. ren of Frrrie, referred.

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 32. 675

same, in as full and ample a Manner as the same are now enjoyed; and also that the High Roads or Ways now leading to the said several Ferries respectively, shall remain over the Banks intended to made or raised by virtue of this alon both Sides the said River Witham, free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects: And that it shall be lawful to and for the said Proprietors of the said Ferries respectively, or for the several Persons now bound by Law to repair the said Roads respectively, to add to the Sides of the said Banks such further Soil, Gravel or other Materials, as shall be necessary and sufficient for forming and rendering the said Roads practicable and convenient over the said Banks respectively, so that the same, or any of them, may not be in any Manner reduced below the Dimensions in and by this act provided and expressed for the same respectively j this at or anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General a Bridge to be built to

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cause a sufficient Bridge to be erected across the in preserve a Communica

tended new Cut or River, at some Part thereof about halfway between anthony's Gouit and Boston, tion between Boston for the Purpose only of preserving a Communication between the Houses in Bojion jvejl and Holland West and Hol; anj Un' Feny which Houses will be separated from the said Fen by the said intended new Cut or River.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for Drainage, in pursuance of fords to be repaired, or the Powers by this act granted, shall by scouring out any of the Side Rivers in this act mentioned, Bridges deepen the same, so as to render any Ford or Fords across the said Rivers, or either of them, un passable, whereby the Communication between any Roads or Lands on each Side thereof shall be interrupted or prevented, the said Commissioners shall, at the public Charge, either new make such Fords with Stones, Gravel or other sufficient Materials, or else build a Bridge or Bridges over such River or Rivers, in order to restore such Communication in as effectual a Manner as the same was before the passing of this act.

LXVIII. And forasmuch as the Money to be collected by the Receipt of the Taxes by this act laid and made payable as aforesaid, will not be sufficient for the speedy Execution of the general Works of Drainage to be done in pursuance of this act; Be it therefore enacted, That the said ^nnijlties erantsd

General Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby autho r one) orrov, l"j rized and empowered, from Time to Time, as it shall be found requisite and necessary for the purposes aforesaid, to raise Money upon the best Terms and by the best Methods the same can be procured; and for that Purpose they, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to treat, contract and agree with any Person or Persons, either for the Purchase of an Annuity for Life, or the Loan of any Sum or Sums of Money upon Mortgage respectively; and also, in pursuance or Execution of such contract or Agreement, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to charge the said Taxes to arise by virtue of this act, for the Purpose of the general Drainage, or any Part thereof, with any Annuity or Annuities, to such Person or Persons as shall treat for the same during a Life, to be by them respectively named, or to assign, transfer, and make over the said Taxes, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Per or Taxes afllgned, fons who shall advance and lend any Money thereupon, for such Term of Years as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf, by way of Mortgage and as a Security for the Repayment thereof, with Intereffr, at such Times, and in such Manner, as shall be agreed upon by the said General Commissioners.

LXIX. Provided always, That no Money shall be borrowed, or any such Annuity granted, Not, ceto

by the said Commissioners, on the Credit of this ACI, after their first Meeting, unless Notice borrowins ori. be given by affixing the same in Writing on the Market House in Lincoln, and the Market Cross in Boston, and by publishing the same in some of the public Papers usually circulated in the County of Lincoln, at lead twenty-one Days before any Meeting shall be held for that Purpose.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Taxes or Assessments, which shall be rated or charged Power for Mortgagees by the said General Commissioners, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Princi enter and recover, pal Money so to be by them borrowed, and the Interest of such Money from Time to Time; and shall vest in the respective Creditors, upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned for the nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Powers, Rights and Privileges of afieffing, raising and recovering the several Taxes or Assessments payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds charged therewith, for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners and their Collectors could have had, in calc such Principal and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages and Annuities to be made or granted as Mortgages, acto be aforesaid, shall be deemed personal Estates, and shall and may be respectively assigned, transferred deeme<1 Personal Bitates^ and assignable, from Time to Time, by Endorsement without Stamps; but all such Grants of An and bi afil2ned*

nuities and Mortgages, and Assignments thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, who shall, at the Request of every Mortgagee, Grantee or Assignee respectively, enter the same without demanding or receiving any other See or Reward than the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence for the same.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Owners Tenants for i ife may or Proprietors of any of the said lowlands and Fens, being Tenants in Tail or Tenants for Life, or charee the Lands lor his, heror their Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, from Time to Time, to charge the ^xbsorrow<si to pay

4r2 said J'e'

C 3*

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Interest, when to cease.

Regular Accounts of

Payment, See, to be kept. fons

saul lowlands and Fens with any Sum or Sums of Money for paying the yearly Taxes to be laid upon the said lowlands and Fens, as well for the private as the public Works of Drainage to be done in purfuar.ee of this Act; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, as shall from Time to Time be by him, her or them, paid for the Interest thereof, until the next General Quarter Day, after the general Works of Drainage shall be completed to Stamp End, and shall be so determined to be by the said General Commissioners for the General Works of Drainage, or any seven or more of them, which Determination they, or any seven or more of them, are hereby required to make, when they shall think the said Works are completed; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with Interest for the same to grant, charge, mortgage, lease or demise, or otherwise subject the said lowlands and Fens, or' any Part or Parcel thereof, unto such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend the same for any Term or Number of Years, so as.such Grant, Charge, Mortgage, Lease or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, dr with an express Trust to be surrendered upon the Repayment of the several Sums of Money respectively secured as aforesaid, on a certain Day in such Mortgage or other Security to be for that purpose named, not exceeding one Year from the Date of such Mortgage or other Security; and every Inch Grant, Charge, Mortgage, Lease or Demise, so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of legal Title in the said Tenants in Tail or Tenants for Life, his, her or their Trustee or true ftees, Guardian or Guardians, any Settlement or Settlements, Will or Wills, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation or other prior or former Incumbrances of or concerning the same lowlands and Fens, or any Part or Parts thereof then in being, or capable of taking Effect, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXIII. Provided always, That from and after the next General.quarter Day after the said General Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have determined that the general works of Drainage are completed to sta?np End as aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth the ih terest of the Money so borrowed to pay the said yearly Taxes, and such Interest thereof as aford said, shall be paid and kept down by the Person or Persons, who, for the Time being, shall be in Possession of the said lowlands and Fens, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to be charged with such Money as aforesaid,

And be it further enacted, That regular Accounts shall be kept (by such Person. or Per

Money in Treasurers Hands, not wanted for the Works, may be placed out on Securities.

No Order of General Commissioners to be reversed, unless I I com m flfiolifts be present ard 7 corifent.

Commissioners for Navigation.

and in such Manner, as the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall m that Behalf order, director appoint) of the Collection, Receipts, Payments and Application cf all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be raised, collected, received and paid for the Purposes of the General Drainage; and such Accounts shall be entered in proper Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and Copies of all such Accounts shall be delivered to the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, at their General Meeting on the first Tuesday in July in every Year, or oftener, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and so much and such Parts of the said Accounts as shall be approved of by the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meetings, shall be signed and allowed by them; and Duplicates of the Accounts so allowed shall be fairly entered in two Books, one to be kept by the General Commissioners or their Treasurer, and the other by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and the said Books shall be produced at every Meeting of the said Commissioners; and all Persons chargeable with the Taxes to be levied by virtue of this Act shall be at Liberty at all Times to insped such Books of Accounts, paying one Shilling for every Inspection, and at their own Charge to take Copies of any Part thereof.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time appear, on passing the Accounts of the Treasurer or Treasurers, that any Part of the Money in his Hands will not at any Time from thenceforth for the Space of six Months be wanted or necessary to be issued or applied for the Purposes of the general Drainage; then and in such Case, and from Time to Time, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Treasurer or Treasurers, by and with the Direction of the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to place out such Sum and Sums of Money respectively, on Government or real Security, at Interest, in the Name of such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; and which principal Money so to be placed 'out, and the Interest attending the same, shall be issued, paid, applied and disposed of, under the di redion of the said General Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Commissioners for the general Works of Drainage, or any five or more of them, by virtue of this Act, at any of their Meetings, shall be altered, reversed, annulled or made void at any subsequent Meeting, unless eleven or more of the Commissioners be present at such Meeting, and seven or more of them be confcnting thereto; nor unless fourteen Days Notice in Writing be nflixed on same public and conspicuous Place in the City of Lincoln, the Town of New Sleaford, the Borough of jboston, the Town of Spilsby, Horncastle and Tatterfhedl, in which said Notice it shall be expressed what Order and Orders are intended to be reversed or altered.

LXXVII. And whereas the restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the River I Sit bam,

from the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston to the Sea, will be of gicat Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country, tend to piomote Trade and Commerce, and be of public Utility; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That the Mayor of the City of Lincoln, for the Time being, and four other Persons, who shall be elected by the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens and Commonalty of the said City, within two Months after the passing

Anno secundo Georgii III.

0.

677

sing of this A, the Mayor of the Borough of Bojion for the Time being, andi four other Persons who shall be ele#ed by the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the said Borough, within two Months after the passing of this Act, and ten other Persons, who shall be ele#ed by the said General Commissioners for Drainage, or any. seven or more of them, at their firs General Meeting, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for restoring and maintaining the Navigation upon the River ivitham, from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough oi Bojion to the Sea, under the Rules and dire#ions herein after mentioned, provided, appointed and prescribed; Commissioners so to; be elected, shall continue until the second Tuejclay in April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and shall then and thenceforth, once in every three Years, be elected in Manner aforesaid; that on the Vacancy of any such Commissioner by Death or Refusal to act, another Commissioner shall be elected in like Manner, in the Room of the commissioner so dying or refuting to act, within three Months after such Death or Refusal.

lxxvifl. Provided always, That at the Time the said Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens and Com Election of drainage monalty.of the City of Lincoln shall elect the said four Persons to be Commissioners for the Navi of, to be gation, they shall declare, under their Common Seal, which two of them shall also be Commis covorauaal'1 Seaic* floners for the General Drainage; and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the p Borough of Bojion, shall also at the Time of their electing the said four Persons to be Commissioners for the Navigation, declare, under their Common Seal, which two of them shall also be commissioners for the General Drainage.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Commissioners first shall meet at the Townhall of the Borough of Bojion, on the third Wednesday in August one thou Meeting x land seven hundred and sixty two, and proceed to the Execution of this A, so far as relates to the said Navigation; and shall also meet on the first Tuesday in July yearly, at such Place within the City of Lincoln, the Town of New Sleaford^ or Borough of Bojion, as the said General commissioners for Drainage, or any five or more of them shall appoint for their annual Meeting: And the they may adjourn $ said Commissioners for Navigation, or any five or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, adjourn themselves to such Time and Place as they shall think most convenient for the Purposes of this Act: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number in Default of a fufllciert of Commissioners to a, or to adjourn to any other Time or Place, then the Clerk to the said Com number to act, Notice missioners shall adjourn the said Meeting to, and appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the ^e^inglven ot anotiier Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day three Weeks next after the ee in

Day on which such - Meeting was appointed to be held; and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on some public and conspicuous Place in the City of Lincoln, the Town of New Sleaford, and Borough of Bojion, at least ten Days before such Meeting: And that the said Commissioners at all their Meetings shall defray their own.charges and Expenses; provided always, that three Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in order for the carrying on and effecting the said in Commissioners of navi tended Navigation, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may and they Workmen" " 1"^are hereby authorised and empowered to employ or contra with any Person or Persons, who shall or men be willing to undertake or engage to make the said River Witham navigable and passable for Boats and other Vessels within the Limits aforesaid, or to do and execute any particular Work or Works to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose, upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Commissioners any five or more of them shall think proper and reasonable; also that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so to order Works upon the contracting, undertaking, and employed, and his. or their Agents, Workmen, Servants and La river>orsiderivers, bourers, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from time to time to open, cleanse, scour, depthen or enlarge the said River ivitham up to Lincoln High Bridge aforesaid, new Cuts, or new River or Rivers herein before de to make new Cut?, & c, feribed and intended to be made for the Purposes of Drainage, and to make such new. Cuts,

Trenches or Passages for Water, in, upon or through the Lands or Grounds adjoining or near to

the said River, and within the Limits aforesaid as they hall think proper, for the Navigation of

Boats and other Vessels, and for the more convenient, easy and better effecting the said Purposes of

this A; and also to cut and make use of the Soil of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor to cut and make nfeof

porate whatsoever, within the Boundaries mentioned in this A, as Occasion shall require; and alfof0*1, ct.

to dig up, cut, remove and take away all 'Frees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, and any to r^rnove mre ifr 5j

other Impediments whatsoever which may hinder or obstru# the said intended Navigation; and to erect Bridge?,

also to build, ere, setup, make, support and maintain over or in the said River, Cuts, Trenches Locks uc'

and Passages, or upon the Lands adjoining or near to the same, or any of them, such and so many

Bridges, Sluices, Locks, Wears, Pens for Water, Staunches, Dams, Wharves, Warehouses,

Quays, landing places, weigh beams, Cranes, and other Works, at such Places, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think necessary and convenient, and from time to rhyme to alter and repair the same, and to make, widen or enlarge any Ways,

Passages, or other Conveniences, for the conveying of Goods, Commodities, and all other Things to and from the said River, as far as the said High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, and the navigable Cuts, Trenches or Passages thereof below Cincil Dike, and for the conveying of all, Manner of mate hals for ere#ing and making the said Works, and for altering or repairing the same, and to place, lay, work and manufacturee the said Materials, on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them shall be making, eroding, altering or repairing, 01 are intended to be made,

C 32. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

erected, altered or repaired; and also to amend, heighten or alter any Bridges upon such River, Cuts, Trenches or Passages as may hinder the Navigation or Passage thereon, within the Limits aforesaid; to dig and carry away and also to dig, take and carry away Loam, Clay, Gravel, Stone, or any other Materials, for car gravel, crying on, perfecting, altering or repairing the Taid Works, in or from the Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying near to the said River, Cuts, Trenches or Passages (not being an to set out haling ways; House, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House); and also to make, set out and appoint towing paths, Banks, and Ways convenient for towing, haling, or drawing with Men or Horses, Boats and other Vessels passing upon the said River, or the Cuts, Trenches or Passages thereof, and to erect Bridges over the Side Rivers, Brooks, Streams and wa tercourses, so as not to obstruct the Navigation thereof; and also to erect Winches, or other Engines, for the more convenient towing, haling, or drawing on such Paths, Banks and Ways; and to do and perform all other Matters and Things within the Limits aforesaid, which they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall judge necessary or convenient, for carrying on, restoring, completing and maintaining the said Navigation, according to the Tenor and true and to cause a Leek to Meaning of this at; and that the said Commissioners of the said Navigation, or any five or more th "swmuicc6 Sldcof them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to cause a Lock to be made and built by the Side of or near the said Sea Sluice, to be erected for the Works of Drainage, with two Pair of Doors or Gates pointing to the Landward, for the Purpose of the said Navigation, and one Pair of Doors without Shuttles pointing to Seaward, in order to flop the Flux of the Tide at all Times.

Works of Navigation not

LXXXI. Provided always, That the Works that shall be setup and made for the Use and pur f0 prejudice the Works p0fc of the fejj Navigation shall not be constructed or made so as in any wise to prejudice, obstruct,

o! prevent or defeat the Works for the general Drainage of the lowlands and Fens intended and

directed to be drained and improved by virtue and in pursuance of this at,

Penalty of breaking of: n

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or Person having the Charge

plates of Locks, 5]. of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall by any violent Means force or break open the

Gates or Doors of the said Lock to be erected near the said Sluice, when the Water is higher on the Sea Side than on the Land Side thereof, or shall forcibly and violently break or force open the Gates or Doors of any other Lock to be erected in the said River for the Purpose of the said Navigation; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any one or more

Justice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Division of the said County of Lincoln, wherein

the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding five Pounds, and not less than twenty Shillings, as such Justice or Justices respectively shall order or appoint, to be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; the Overplus (if any) after the said Penalty, and the Charges and Expenses of: such Distress and Sale are deduced, unto the said Offender or Offenders; and for want or sufficient Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding six Months, nor less than one Month, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices. to Lack, &c. to be

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Lock, Sluice, Wear, or other

higher than within two Works, shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected in the said River jvttham, or any new Cut

i «t or the natural Soil to macje as aforesaid, so as to pen up the Water in the said River or Cut higher than within two lining.011'^S 3 Feet le natural Level or Soil of the lowest lands lying on each Side of the said River or Cut, above any Lock, or in any Place between one Lock and another; and if any such Words shall at any Time or Times be made contrary to the Tenor and Intention of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the General commissioner s for the Drainage, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, upon Complaint to them thereof made, to cause the said Works to be abated, taken away and removed.

Commissioners to pur

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Navigation may, and chase crounj to build they are hereby authorised and empowered, to cause and direct the Soil or Bed of the River lvitham, Ifoufcs for lock keepers. from Boston to Lincoln High Bridge, to be dug, cut, and levelled for the Purpose of the said Navigation, so as the same River may be navigable and passable in all Seasons for Barges, Boats and Vessels; that the said Commissioners for the Navigation shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to purchase and enclose a Piece of Ground near or adjoining to every Lock, Sluice, Wear, or other Works, which shall be made for the Purpose of the said Navigation, and to build, or cause to be built, a House upon every such Piece of Ground where the said commissioncri, or any five or more of them shall think necessary, and to remove or alter the same as oc ension shall require; and that the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall and may nominate, order and appoint proper Persons constantly to dwell and reside in and attend at each of the said Houses, with Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to open the Gates or Doors of such Locks and Sluices, whenever the Surface of the Water in the said River shall rise higher than within two Feet of the natural Level or Soil of the lowest Lands lying on each Side the River, above any of the said Locks or Sluices, or in any Place between one Lock and another, and so to continue the same till the Waters shall be abated; and in case any of the said sluice keepers shall at any Time neglect or refuse to let off" the Waters as herein directed, the General Commissioners for the Drainage, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, at any public Meeting, upon due Proof made thereof, to remove the Person so offending from his Office, and the Commissioners for Navigation, or any five or more of them, shall and may, appoint another Person in his Place and Stead.

LXXXV. And for defraying the necessary Expenses of the said Navigation, and of repairing Tolls veftej in the and maintaining the said Locks and other Works to be made and erected as aforesaid, and keeping Commissioners; them fit and useful for the said Navigation, Be it further enacted, That at such Place and Places adjoining to the said River as the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them, shall; by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals direct, and appoint, there shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors to be nominated and appointed as herein after is directed, by all and every Person and Persons who shall carry or convey any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities whatsoever, up or down the said River, by Tonage or otherwise, such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from time to time think proper to order and appoint, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence a Tonne; which respective Sum and Sums of Money so ordered and appointed to be paid as aforesaid, shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll or Duty; and the Moneys so to be raised are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall from time to time order and direcffor the several Uses, Intents and Purposes of the said Navigation; and in case of neglect or may be levied by Dirtreli. Denial of Payment, on Demand, of the several Tolls or Duties ordered and appointed to be paid as aforesaid, the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as herein after is directed, is and are hereby authorised and required to seize and detain any of the said Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, or the Boats, Barges, Lighters or Vessels carrying or conveying the same, and for which the said Tolls or Duties ought to be paid as aforesaid; and in case the same shall not be paid within Distress may be sold after the Space of five Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Col five Days lector or Collectors to sell the said Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, or the Boats,

Barges, Lighters or Vessels carrying or conveying the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners, after the said Tolls or Duties, together with the reasonable Charges of seizing, detaining and selling the said Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, or the Boats, Barges,

Lighters or Vessels carrying or conveying the same, shall be satisfied and paid.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Tolls to be taken at said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them, to order and cause a Chain or lodowick's Drain. Boom to be laid and fixed across Lodowick's Drainy at any Place between Lodowick's Gowt and Gill syke, and to demand; and take such Duties and Tonnage for all Goods, Wares and Merchandizes carried and conveyed on board any Boat, Barge or Vessel, through Lodowick's Drain, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think proper, so as the same do not exceed six Pence a Tonne, and so as such Chain or Boom be not continued or used for the Purpose aforesaid, after the new Cut before mentioned shall have been made navigable from lodowick's Gowt aforesaid, as far as Chappel Hill.

LXXXVI. Provided also, That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken at the said Chain inhabitants of the u or Boom for the passing of any Boat, Barge or Vessel laden with any Goods, Wares, Merchan I owns of Holland Fe dizes or Commodities belonging to, or the Property of, or consigned to any of the Inhabitants of cxepte rorn 0 "the eleven Towns of Holland Fen, which shall pass through Lodowick's Drain only.

LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Navigation to be formed by virtue of Free Navigation, this act upon the River Witham, or any adjoining Lands from the Sea through Boston, to the High Bridge at Lincoln, shall be public, open and free to all his Majesty's liege Subjects, to pass, repass, travel and go with Boats, Barges and other Vessels, subject only to such Duties, Tolls, restrictions and Regulations as are herein provided, declared and expressed concerning the same.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any Commissioners may bor seven or more of them, shall have such and the same Powers to raise Money for defraying and pay I0W Moneyon the rolli' ing the Charges of the said Navigation, as well by mortgaging the said Duties and Tolls, as by granting Annuities chargeable upon, and payable out of the same, but by, with and under such and the same Rules, Orders, Directions and restrictions as are herein before directed, provided and declared, for, about and concerning the raising Money for the general Works of Drainage of the said lowlands and Fens by virtue of this act, and for the assigning the Securities thereof.

XC. And be it further enacted, That when and as the Money advanced and lent for the Pur Tolls maybe jeitenea, pose of the said intended Navigation, on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, or a competent Part thereof shall be paid off and discharged, then the said Commissioners for the Navigation shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by and with the Consent of the Mortgagees and Annuitants, to lower or reduce the said Tolls and Duties; and they are hereby authorised and empowered to raise and increase the same, from time to time as Occasion shall require, and as to them, or any seven or more of them, shall seem requisite and necessary for the Purposes of this Act, so as the same do not exceed the Tolls or Duties herein before granted.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners for the Drainage, or any Commissioners empower five or more of them, or the said Commissioners for the said respective districts, or any five or more ed to purchase Lands, cof them, or the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them respectively, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary to be cut, digged, pulled down, or otherwise made use of, for the

Purposes

68'o

Body Politic, c. m2] contract for the Sale of Gich Lands,

Where Persons shall refuse or neglect to treat.

commi.'tior.ers to iitue their Warrants to the Sherifl to impanel a Jury.

[iters n: V bichjilenged. witnclves to be i'ummon r<i and examined upon Oath.

jury to aftcfs the Damages.

Verdict of the Jury to be binding.

Trufiecs may impote a Fme on Sheriff, c. making Default in the j'rcmiflei.

Tine not to exccej 5 1.

C 32. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or for the Recompense to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested, for the Damage they may sustain; also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed for shall be Y paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises: it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ccftuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, femcs covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all femes covert, who are or shall be seized or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to contract for, sell and convey unto the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said. respective Commissioners, or ny five or more of them, for any Recompense to be made for the Damage which may be done to any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditament, by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Law, Statute, Usage or Ctiftom to the contrary notwithstanding; all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do in pursuance of this Act: But if it shall happen that any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall for the Space, of forty Days after Notice in Writing to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her or their respective Place' or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating; then and in every such Case the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more are hereby empowered from time to time to iflite out their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff' of the County or Place wherein the Matter in Question shall lie; or if such Sheriff shall be immediately interested in such Matter, then to one of the Coroners of such or Place, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner to impanel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner is hereby required accordingly to impanel, summon, and return twenty-four Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned, for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such "I ime and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, in order that out of them a Jury of twelve may be sworn, to inquire touching the Matters in Question: in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear, at such Time and Place, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men, that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered,: by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as witncltes touching the Matters in Question; the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may order and authorise the said Jury, or any six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Controversy; Jury (upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them; which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) shall inquire of, aftei's, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Recompense to be made for Damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and to settle ard ascertain in what Proportions the Sum or Sums so assessed shall he paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall give Judgement for such purchase moneys or Recompense so to. he assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be binding and conclisfive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties, Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Sheriffor Coroner, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid on such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn, or being sworn, refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Actor if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn or examined or to give Evidence, every Person so offending respectively, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of then), shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum as the said respective Commissioners acting in the 3 Premises,

631

Premises, or any five or more of them, hall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for any one Offence.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Agreements, Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances, Agreements, c. to be and also all Verdicts and Judgments, which shall be made and given in relation to any such Lands, fi ed With the Clerk ot Tenements and Hereditaments, as aforesaid (such Verdicts and Judgments being signed by five or hc eace* more of the said respective Commissioners who shall be present at the taking of such Inquest) shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the Parts or Place wherein such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, are situate, and shall be filed with the Rolls of such Parts or Place; and the same, or a true Copy thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all persons shall have Liberty to inspect the lame, and take Copies thereof, upon paying for evey such in spedtion the Sum of one Shilling, and for every such Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, the Sum of nine Pence, and foin Proportion for any greater Number of Words.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall Upon Payment or to be agreed upon between the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the der ot purchase mo party or Parties interested, or of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be assessed by any such ney'

Jury to such Party or Parties, or legal Tender thereof made, or to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or if he, he or they cannot be found, or shall

refuse to accept such Money, upon Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as the said respective

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, for the Use of and to be paid upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, to such Party or Parties respectively,

the said respective Commissioners, and all Persons employed or authorised by them, or any five or Commissionert may make

more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to enter upon the Lands, Tenements or Here the Lands.

ditaments, in respect whereof such Moneys were so agreed for or assessed, and to make use of such

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and they shall be and are hereby indemnified for so doing; and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate

and Collegiate, whatsoever, hall from thenceforth be, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all

Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, to or in the same.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict shall be given for a Expenses of the Jury greater Sum or Recompense than shall have been offered by or on the Behalf of the said respective to be paid. Commissioners, or any five or more of them, before the summoning of any such Jury, for or in respect of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Damages as aforesaid, that then all the Expenses of such Jury, and the wtitneltes attending in consequence thereof, and of taking such Inquest, hall be paid by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, out of the Moneys to arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given for no more or a Icfs Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said respective of, or any five or more of them, then and in every such Case such Expenses shall be paid by the Owners of, or Persons interested in, the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Question.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners for the Drainage, or Commissioners to ap any five or more of them, or the said Commissioners for the said respective Districts, or any five or point Offers, c, more of them, or the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them respectively, shall be, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to appoint such Collector or Collectors of the said Taxes and "Polls, and also such Treasurer or Treasurers, as they shall think fit to employ in the Execution of this Act; such trca surer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors, giving Security to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, who shall administer an Oath to every such Collector for the faithful Execution of his Office (which Oath any two of the said respective of are hereby empowered to administer) and such Collector or Collectors shall, at such Times as lie or they shall be required by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, pay or cause to be paid into the Hands of the said treasurer or Treasurers, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which such Collector or Collectors shall have received by virtue of this Act; and the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may also, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as they shall think fit to employ in the Execution of this Act > ard all the Officers so to be appointed shall be paid, out of the Moneys to be raised by virtue of and t»!lowth; n this Act, such Salaries or Allowances as the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more ofsalarct. them, shall think reasonable; and shall be from Time to Time removable, at the Will and pica fiure of the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Treasurer or Treasurers shall Treasurers to enter U fairly enter into one or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of all Moneys cripts and Payments in by him or them received and disbursed, specifying the Times when, and the Persons from and to 2 whom such Moneys were respectively received and disbursed, and for what Purposes; Book or Books, or a true Copy thereof, signed by the said Treasurer or Treasurers, together with the Vouchers for such Disbursements, and also all Books and Papers in his or their Custody, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be delivered to the said respective Commissioners, or any live or more of them, once at least in every Year and from "Lime to Time, as often as the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall require the same; and the said Treasurer or and to account cjob Treasurers shall also verify the said Account or Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the Oath.

682

R "ports to be m3de of loij 115 by Navigation.

commissioners may fct .>r> c..i".u, cover the Intche* joj I'eiuo m tv 'iow.llg piths.

C 32. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to discharge such Treasurer or Treasurers of all such Moneys as he or they shall have truly accounted for; and the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall also at such Time or Times as they shall think proper, summon before them, and if they think fit, examine upon Oath (which Oath, as also the Oath or Oaths to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, the said respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) all or any such collectors, Clerks, Surveyors and Persons employed in, or entrusted with the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Moneys to be raised by virtue of this al; and which Collectors, Clerks, Surveyors and Persons employed in or entrusted as aforesaid, shall render to the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time, as often as they shall be thereunto required by the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all Moneys so by them respectively received and paid, with the Vouchers for such Payments; and also all Books and Papers in their Custody relating to the Execution of this Act; and in case any such Treasurer, Collector, Clerk or other Officer or Person, shall be found in Arrear, or refuse to account, or to pay the Money remaining in his Hands, according to the Directions of the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or if any such Officer or Person shall not deliver such Books or Papers in his cu stody as aforesaid, in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to commit every such Officer and Person to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Officer or Person shall reside; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have made a true Account and Payment, and delivered such Books and Papers as aforesaid, or compounded with or satisfied the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them; which Composition the said respective Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make.

XCVIII. And for the more easy collecting the said Tolls, Be it further enacted, That every Person having the Charge of any Boat or Veiled passing on the said River, Cuts or Trenches, shall give a true Report or an Account in Writing, signed by himself, unto such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them, to receive the same, or to the Collector or Collectors of such Tolls, and at such Place or Places as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, of the Weight of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, which shall be in or belong to such Boat or Vessel; and also of the Weight of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, as shall have been discharged or taken out of such Boat or Vessel, before the Arrival thereof at the Place where such Account or Report is to be given; and in Failure of giving such Account or Report, or in case a false Account or Report shall be given, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the Payment of such Tolls; and if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Tolls, and the Person having Charge of any Boat or Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, or Persons acting in his Behalf, concerning the Weight of the same, it shall be lawful for any such Collector to flop and detain any such Boat or Vessel, and to weigh, measure or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured or gauged, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities; and in case the same shall appear to be of a greater Weight than such Person declared the same to be, in every such Case such Person shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring or gauging; all which fiaij Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof, on Demand, shall and may be recovered as the said Tolls are appointed to be recovered; but if such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, shall appear to be of no greater Weight than such Person declared the same to be, then such Collector shall pay such Costs and Charges, and shall also pay to such Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, one Shilling for every Hour that such Boat or Vessel shall be so detained; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the Parts or Place where such Boat or Vessel was detained, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, if they think fit, out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, reimburse the said Collectors the Moneys so paid by or levied upon them, for the Detention of any such Boat or Vessel.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them, shall cause to be made, setup, and from Time to Time, maintained and kept in Repair convenient Gates, Bridges, Passages and Styles, in and over all the Ditches and Fences in the towing paths to be used for the Purposes of this Act, where the same shall respectively be nc celfiry; and also such Bridges over the new Cuts, Trenches and Passages, as shall be proper for the tjfe of the Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments thereunto adjoining; and also chat if the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper to cause the said River to be deepened in any Part or Parts, so as to render any usual and Common Fords or Highways impassable or dangerous, in every such Case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall first cause a sufficient Bridge or Bridges to be erected, or such other Conveniences as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Aral judge proper, where such Fords or Highways now are, or as near thereto as conveniently may be; and shall from Time to Time maintain

68

o

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 32.

and keep the said Bridges or Conveniences in Repair, for the Accommodation of all Persons having Occasion to pass over the same.

And for the better preventing of Damages or Mischiefs that may be done or committed by any rude or disorderly Persons towing, navigating or managing any Boat, Barge, Lighter or other e Vessel, within the Limits of the said Navigation, and to the End that the Owners and Matters thereof may be more careful therein Be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every eoat masters. c. an boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, which shall pass up or down the said River, or the said Bran (Verable for Damages ches thereof, shall be and is hereby made answerable for, and shall make good any Dumage, Spoil done by thdr Crcw to or Mischief that shall be done by his, her or their Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or by any ^vef Vflfes* W Boatmen, Bargemen or Watermen, or by any of the Crew thereof, belonging to or employed in or re cs' about the same respectively, or by his, her or their Servants or Horse's, unto any of the Bridges,

Locks, Staunches, Dams, Sluices or other Works that now are or shall be erected, maintained or kept in Repair, in, upon or near the said River, or any of the said Branches thereof, or any new Cuts of the said Jliver, or the said Branches thereof, to be made by Authority of this at; or by loading or unloading any Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel; and also for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Possessors of any Buildings or Erections upon or near the said River, or any of the said Branches thereof, that now are or that hereafter shall be erected and setup; or to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Crop on the Ground adjoining to the same, or any of them, other than is provided for and authorised by this Act: And if any Damages to be rfcierrr.: «such Damage, Spoil or Mischief shall be done to any of the said Bridges, Locks, Staunches, Dams, ned by two Justices. Sluices, Cuts, Banks or other Works, or by loading or unloading such Boats, Barges, Lighters or other Vessels, the same shall be inquired into and determined by any two Justices of the Peace for the Parts or Place where such Damage shall be done, who is hereby authorised and required, upon Complaint or Information made before them, to summon such boat master, barge matter or Owner, to appear before them; and upon his, her or their Appearance, or making Default to appear (Proof being made upon Oath before such Justices, that the Party neglecting to appear was personally served with such Summons, or that the same was left for him, her or them, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode) such Justices shall proceed to examine into the Truth of the said Complaint or Information, and upon Conviction of the Party complained of, or Proof upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Sum of Money to be paid by such boat master, barge master or Owner, as a Recompense for the said Damage, Spoil or Mischief so done as aforesaid, as the said Justices shall think proper, not exceeding treble the Amount or Value of such Damage, Spoil or Mischief; and in case of nonpayment of such Sum of Money so awarded and ordered for the Space of five Days, the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Boats, Barges, Lighters, Vessels or other Goods and Chattels of such boat master, barge master or Owner, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering to the Owner the Overplus (if any be) after the said Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of such Information and Conviction, Distress and Sale, hath been first satisfied and paid.

CL. And be it further enacted, That if any Boatman, Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman or Boatmen obstrufwng the other Person, having the Care or Management of any Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or na i'afi ape of boas. &<. or working the same, shall lay such Boat, Barge, Lighter or other vefie'l, so as to obstruct subject to a Penalty, the Passage of other Boats, Barges, Lighters or other Vessels, or shall hinder the opening or (hutting of any of the said Locks or Sluices, and shall not, upon Request, immediately remove the same, such Person or Persons offending as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, to be recovered upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace for the Parts or Place adjoining thereto (not interested otherwise than as a Commissioner) by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, by Distress and Sale of such Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel. to be levied by Difuc* or any of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after the reasonable Charges first deducted, to such Offender or Offenders; and and for want of Distress, for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the Hand and th offender to be com Seal of such Justice, be comniitred to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for roitted' any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel shall happen Vessels sunk to bs _ to be sunk in the said River, or in any of the said Branches, Cuts or Trenches thereof, and that w^|hed and the Owner or Person having the Command or Rule thereof, shall not without Loss of Time weigh 11 atis 10ilir'j "' or draw up the same again, and hale the same out of the Way of other Boats, Barges, Lighters or Vessels patting and repatting upon the said Navagation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them, or their Agents or Servants,

ed

to cause such Boat, Barge,

Lighter,

or other Vessel to be weighed or drawn up, and to detain and.

keep such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, until Payment shall be made of all Expenses oc castoned thereby; and if Payment be not made in twenty Days after such Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel shall be weighed or drawn up, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or their Agents or Servants, to cause Sale to be made thereof for reimbursing the said Expenses and other incident Charges; rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the Owner or Mailer of such Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel

+ 2 CIII. And

684

C 32.

Anno secundo gf.orgn III

A.D. 1762.

CIII. And to the F, nd that the Owners, Matters or Persons having the Rule of any Vessel navigating within the Limits of the said Navigation, may be better known. Be it further enacted, That every Owner, Matter or Person having the Rule or Command of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or to 1 Penalty; to r covered by di ix. it's and Sale; i. r want of Diltrel*, of tx idet to be commuted.

lotions aggrieved may i eal to the t}oarter seuions, c.

Mailers to have the r Names seton the ont side of the Boar, ca:

.! on the Bow, c.

Vessel, and painted white, so that the same fhn.ll, from time to time, and all Times, be plain and

Foe want ot which, legible: And in case any such Owner, Matter or Person having the Command or Rule of any Boat,

Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, patting upon the said River, or any of the said Branches thereof, rt openi it Gates, cc. shall not at all Times have his, her or their Names so let or placed as aforesaid; in case such

to a: Water run v. art, Owner, Matter or Person having the Command or Rule of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other

Vessel patting on the said River, or any of the said Branches thereof, into or through any of the Sluices or Locks upon the said River, or any of the said Branches thereof, shall wilfully fetor leave open any of the Gates, Doors, or Slakers belonging to the said Sluices or Locks, whereby the

Water of the said River, or any of the said Branches thereof shall] run watte, to the Hindrance or

Detriment of the said Navigation; then and in all and every of the said Cases, every such Owner,

Matter or Person so neglecting or offending, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace for the

Parts or Place adjoining thereto, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of such offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and for want of fufrcient Distress, such Offencer or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor leis than seven Days, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the

Order or Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence committed against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the Parts or Place where or adjoining

to which such Offence shall have been committed, at their next General or Quarter session to be held for the said Parts or Place respectively; Person or Persons so appealing first entering into Recognisance, with two fufecient Sureties, to prosecute such Appeal with Fft'edl; and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Justices in rheir said General or Quarter session, in case such Order or Judgement shall be affirmed: And the Justices in their said General or Quarter session are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable, and to make such Order therein as to them shall ap orjer of Sessions not re pear just; Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and shall not be removed or re movcabu by Certiorari, movable by any Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceeding to be made or had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act imposed and inflicted, the Application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Moneys to be raised by the Taxes or Tolls respectively by virtue of this Act; and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Drainage or Navigation respectively as the Case shall happen, and to and for no other Use or purpose whatsoever

CVII. And for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of the Works which shall be credled or made in pursuance of this Act, Be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and malicioutty cut, break down, damage or destroy any Banks, or other Works to be erected or made for the Purposes of the said Drainage or Navigation, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in calc of Felony; and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be tranljiorted by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

cv111. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall from time to time have full Power and Authority to make bylaws, Orders and Constitutions for the good and orderly uttng of the said Navigation, and for the well governing of the Bargemen, Watermen and Boatmen, who shall convey or carry any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes on any Part of the said River, or the said Branches thereof, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines, Forfeitures or Punishments upon the Breakers of such bylaws, Orders or Constitutions, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think fit; such Fines, Forfeitures or Punishments to be levied or inflicted by such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall direct; which said bylaws, Orders and Constitutions being put into writing, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commi f fishers, or any five or more of them, shall be binding to and be observed by all Parties; and shall be fufkcient in any Court of Law or Equity, to juttify all Persons who shall act under the same, either in punishing such Persons as shall disobey the same, or in levying any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred; but any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved, by any Order

nor vacated for want of Form.

Application of Fines.

the

dtproving Works made Felony.

omrvitioners may ..: ak By jaws.

p rfir.s aggrieved thereto r.jy ippcal to the f) iter srlfions.

or

Anno secundo Georgii III.

and to be admitted as Evidence.

C 32. 685

or Judgement made or given by or in pursuance of any such bylaw, Order or Constitution, may within three Months after such Order or Judgement shall be made or given, complain to the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter session to be held in and for the Parts or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, who shall in a summary Way, cither hear and determine the said Complaint at such General or Quarter session, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter session of the Peace to be held for the said Parts or Place rc spectively; and if they see Cause may mitigate or alter such Forfeiture or Punishment; and may order any Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in purftfanci of such bylaw, Order or Constitution, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they V T n., e,

n 1.., Z 1. 1 T n r 1 11 n, Tt 1 iv fultice who signed

shall judge reasonable; but no Justice of the Peace shall act or vote in the Hearing or Determining the % iaw to act or of any such Complaint, whose Hand and Seal as a Commissioner shall appear to have been let to the vote in the determining said bylaw, Order or Constitution, which occasioned such Complaint. such Complaint.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That all bylaws, Orders, Constitutions and Proceedings of Orders of the commis the said respective Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to |, erente!<; d 10 a to be kept for that Purpose; such bylaws, Orders, Constitutions and Proceedings, when en j0'In 'sne tered, shall be signed by the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and the Clerk or Clerks attending the said respective Commissioners, is and are hereby required to set his or their Name or Names as a Witness or witnesses thereto; and the said bylaws, Orders, Constitutions and Proceedings so signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken to be original bylaws, Orders, Constitutions and Proceedings, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence, in all Cases of Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching anything done in pursuance of this Act; and which Book or Books shall and may be seen and perused, at all reasonable Times, and Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, may be taken by any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying to the said Clerk or Clerks threepence for every one hundred Words.

CX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed in Commissioners may al or by virtue of this Act, as shall be a Justice or Justices of the Peace, may and is and are hereby as Justices' authorised and empowered to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, notwithstanding his or their being such Commissioner or Commissioners; provided such Justice or Justices is or are not interested in the Matter in Question, otherwise than as a Commissioner or Commissioners.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner No Commissioner to ain or by virtue of this Act, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising out of the Moneys to holdinsa ace rc iu be raised by virtue of this Act, such Person, from and after his accepting such Place of Profit, and during the Time of his holding and injoying the same, shall be incapable of acting as a commissioner under this Act.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be appointed to keep any Lock or lock keeper not to sell Sluice which shall be made or erected by virtue of this Act, shall sell any Ale, Wine, Brandy, or Spmtucus luors other Spirituous Liquors, during the Time of his executing such Office.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner named or appointed, or which shall be n°hein

named or appointed in or by virtue of this Act, shall act, or be empowered to do any Act in the prance uf ihfs Act.'" Execution of the Powers hereby given to them, or any of them; except it be at the respective F Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Writings to be without Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the bor sumps* rowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching or concerning or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby veiled in such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or Transfer of any of the Securities aforesaid, made by any Person or Persons, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of person5 aggrieves by any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the ^ainmt^ n Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall he afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; recover for the speciat but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and rnay recover full Satisfaction for Damage only, the special Damage in any Action upon the Case.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and Expenses of this Act passing of this Act., and other the necessary Expenses relating thereunto, shall be paid and defrayed ll0sv tq L e rjld by the general Commissioners for Drainage, or ary five or more of them, out of the first Moneys which shall be by them raised by virtue of this Act for the general Works of Drainage; and that the Commissioners for the Navigation, or any five or more of them, shall, out of the first Moneys to be by them raised by virtue of this Act for the Purposes of the said Navigation, pay or cause to be paid to the said general Commissioners for the Drainage, one third Part of the said Charges and Expenses paid by the said general Commissioners for the d rainage, as the Share or Proportion of the said Commissioners for the Navigation.

686

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

cf 'Drainage or N jvigarion not subject to Con rr.ifiioners ol Sewers, exceur, c.

Dart of Aff 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 25. repealed.

N. E. This of Car. 2. it Private Ail.

No Toll to be paid for pjeafurs Boats.

Rtfervaiion of Rights.

If Drainage and Navigation riot completed in 14 Years, Mayor, cof Lincoln to undertake ir, from Canwick Ings to the High Bridge in Lincoln.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Ccfli,

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Lodowick's Gowt, or other Works already made or to be made or erected by virtue of this Act, either for the Purpose of Drainage or Navigation, or any Lands, Gowts, Sewers. Drains, Watercourses, or other Matter or T hing whatsoever, within the Boundaries of the lowlands and Fens particularly described by this Act, shall not be subject to the Control, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commission of Sewers, or any Law or Statute relating to.sewers; anything in any former Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and, except such Lands which are now liable to contribute to the Repair of Redstone Gowt, and the Drain called Niw Hammond Beck leading thereto; which in respect to those Repairs only shall Hill remain under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers, but exempt in every other.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the twenty second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation between the Town c/'bohon and the River Trent, as relates to the improving the said Navigation between Lincoln High Bridge, through Boston, to the Sea, hall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same is hereby repealed.

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken for any Pleasure Boat for parting through all or any of the Locks to be made or erected in or upon the said River, or upon the Branches thereof, provided there be no Goods or Merchandise carried therein, or for any Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Veiled, laden with any Materials for carrying on the Works of Drainage; and that the Lord or Lords of the respective Manors, or any other Person whomsoever, hall have full Liberty to fish, fowl, and exercise all other Rights and Royalties on the said River, or any other Rivers running into the same, or any of the Branches thereof, which they have usually exercised and enjoyed, and to which they are now legally entitled; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; that the Exercise of such Rights and Royalties hall not interfere with or interrupt the Execution of this Act, or the free tjfe of the said Navigation.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the commissioners appointed by and under this Act do not, within fourteen Years after the passing the same into a Law, make perfect and complete the Drainage of the lowlands, from the East End of Canwick Ings to the Western Boundaries of the said Drainage towards Lincoln, and also a Navigation from the East End of the said Ings to the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Lincoln, to enter upon, undertake, make perfect and complete the said Works for Drainage and Navigation, within seven Years after from the East: End of Canwick Ings to the Places aforesaid, under the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, to which the Commissioners, in and by this Act appointed, are subject; and they are hereby inverted with the like Powers and Authorities in that Behalf, but liable to the Control of any five or more of the said Commissioners of Drainage, acting under the Powers of this Act, in cale they should exceed the Powers to them hereby granted; and that it shall and may be lawful for them to take and receive a Toll, not exceeding threepence per Tonne for all Vessels parting and reparting, and also the Tax charged upon the Lands on both Sides the River within the aforesaid Limits, according to that Proportion of Tax which shall be laid, from time to time, by the general Commissioners of Drainage, on the first: and third District; and in case the said Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Lincoln, do not make perfect and complete the said Works within seven Years from the Expiration of the aforesaid fourteen Years, the same hall revert to the Commissioners under this Act; anything contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case any Dispute shall arise, whether the Drainage and Navigation within the aforesaid Limits are complete at the End of either of the above recited Terms of fourteen or seven Years, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of Peace for the Division of Kef even, in the County of Lincoln, upon Application to them made, to hear and determine the same at their General Quarter session; and such Determination shall he final and conclusive to all Parties whatsoever.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, hall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any tiling done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders or Directions herein before given or granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information, hall be commenced and brought within six Calendar Months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Lincoln, or in the County of the City of Lincoln, wherein the shall be committed, and not elsewhere; the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same wras done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit or Information shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; and in such Case or Cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonsuited, or fuft er a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendant shall have Treble 2 Costs,

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 33. 687

Costs, and hall have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, publicu. Act, a Public act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow > Speaker of the House of Commons in the last five Parliaments.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways and Means the least burdensome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted; 'And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as shall from time to time be There Hull be Issued

and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and 1,0009, 2171. 2s. Sd.

other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, 'after paying or reserving 2 SOUT the slilliins

sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or acts of Par fund

liament to be paid out of the same, there filial and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

sixty two, a Sum not exceeding one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two

Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any

three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply

the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred and fif 115,000l. being Moneys teen thousand Pounds, granted by an act made in the second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, upon replaced of the Arrears Account of Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and now, by his Majesty's Direction, °; i Lift Revenues*s Cl replaced and refunded out of the Arrears of the said Revenues, which were landing out at the Time nut 5

of his late Majesty's Demise; also the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Re 20,000l. remaining un ceipt of the Exchequer, being Part of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his late applied of the Money Majesty in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, upon Account, towards defraying sranted in the Year the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty clothing for

eight, and for defraying such Expenses as were actually incurred upon the Account of the Militia the Militia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and also the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, g0)000l. remaining unremaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to his late Majesty in the Year one applied of the Money thousand seven hundred and sixty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and granted in the Year Clothing for the unembodied Militia for the Year ended the twenty-fifth Day of March one thou 1760, towards Pay and sand seven hundred and sixty one; and also the Sum of seventy thousand Pounds, remaining in the bodied militia, cmnem- Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, up,

Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain^una^plie/o^t'he'"3 called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia then unem Money granted in the bodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and Year 1761, for the like sixty one 5 and also the Sum of seventy three thousand six hundred and seventy eight Pounds, re purp°^cs>

maining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Surplus of the several Duties on Malt, efta and 7v6781- Surplus blifilled by an Act made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying An nutheeso^mau^tcf^nuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, after satisfying all Charges and Ja to 5

Incumbrances thereupon, to the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, 'J shall and may be, in like Manner, issued and applied at the said Receipt, for and towards the said Supply.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of Clause of Loan for rai his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or aforesaid Sum

any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it ad of i>009>217 zs 3d. vifeable to raise the said Sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two Shil 2q' lings and eight Pence Halfpenny, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million

688

C. 33

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

No See to be paid for

regitlcring, c.

Penalty of undue Preference;

how to be recovered.

nine thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, upon the Credit of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the trea being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as shall be wanted for the Public Service; and moreover that no Money to

them now

for the i'uch

as

being,

lime

Loan:

I eliis* of Loan may be 'truck for eke same.

O'jeis to be regifleied,

eui said iir Ccurl";

It shall be deemed no undue Preference, where Tallies are dared or b ought the same Day

Nur if subsequent Orders be paid before Inch as were dot demanded in Course.

Orders adignable tolies quo. les.

fury fist'

be lent upon the security of this Act, shall be rated or assessefled to any 'Fax or Assessment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Reciept of the Exchequer, ftvall immediately have a Tally of Loan (truck for the same, and in order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Intcrell for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money, so to be lent, shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall Hand registered in the said Register Hooks, so as the Person or Persons, Tsatives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Rooks of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplulfcs, excesses, or other Revenues; and he, she or they who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be pain, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surpluses, f.xcesses, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid; rhat no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money Tent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies; on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and - if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in Case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no efl oin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of rc straint. shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

V. Provided always, and it Is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date or he brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, so as be enters them all the same Day.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells recorj, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course; as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due, for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, hrs, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order may assign and transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book

or Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly

make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Execurors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties \ and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two Shillings and tight Pence Halfpenny, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like f.ulcs and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousandj even hundred and sixty two, are enacted and prescribed, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, provisoes. Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same at (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be paid in pursuance of this at, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned at, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their majesues several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Bcei\ Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the ivar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled did, in the last Session

Parliament, unanimously by an humble Address to his Majesty, humbly beseech his Majesty

he would be graciously pleased to confer some signal Mark of his Royal Favour upon the Right Honourable Arthur Onfotv Esquire, then Speaker of the House of Commons, for his great and eminent Services performed to his Country, for the Space of thirty-three Years and upwards,

during which he had with such distinguished ability and Integrity presided in the Chair of that House, and allured his Majesty that whatever Expense his Majesty should think proper to be in curred on that Account, the said House would make good the same to his Majesty: And whereas his Majesty, in his Answer to the said Actress, was graciously pleased to declare, That he had the justest Sense of the long Services and great Merit of Mr. Onslow> and that his Majesty had ai ready taken the same into his Consideration, and that he would do therein what should appear to i his Majesty to be raoft proper, agreeably to the Defirrof his faithful Commons: And whereas by

Commissioners of the Treasury, if they shall think it more adviseable to raise the said Sum, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, they may make out any Number of new Exchequer btj for the Tape,

in like Manner and fo\rn as is prescribed by the Land Tax of this Session.

Clauses Sec, in the said Act relating to Exchequer Bills, extended to those to be made out in pursuance of this Act.

The said Bills, Interest, Premium and Charges, charged upon and payable out of the Sinking Fund,

The Bank empowered advance on the said Credit of Loan, any Sum 0; Sums not exceeding 1, 009, 217 I. 2 s, 8 d, -

2q.

the Act 5 and 6 Will, and Mary, C zo, notwithstanding.

6qo

C. 33. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the twentieth Day of April in the first: Year of his Majesty's Reign, his Majesty, in gracious Compliance with the Desire of the House of Commons, exnrested in the said Actress, did give and grant unto the said Arthur on slow, in Consideration of his great and eminent Services performed to his County as aforesaid, and as a signal Mark of his Majesty's Royal Favour, an Annuity or yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds, to be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargable upon, the respective Moneys and Revenues therein after mentioned, to be held, received and enjoyed by the said Arthur Onslow, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for and during the natural Lives of him the said Arthur Onflsiv, and of his Son George Qnjloiv Esquire, and for and during the natural Life of the longer Liver of them; and to direct that the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds, for so long Time as his Majesty should continue in Life, should be charged upon, and paid out of any Moneys, which from Time to Time, should be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, and that the said Annuity or yearly Sum should commence from the Day of the Date of the said Letters Patent: And whereas by virtue and in pursuance of the said Letters Patent, several Payments have been made out of the Moneys applicable as aforesaid, to the said Arthur Onslow, amounting in the whole to the Sum of two thousand one hundred and thirty-four Pounds twelve Shillings and threepence Hhalfpenny: And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify to his Parliament, that it not having been in his Majesty's Power to extend the Efrecl of the said Grant beyond the Term of his own Life, his Majesty recommends it to his Parliament to consider of a proper Method of extending and securing the same in the most effectual Manner, for the Benefit of the said Arthur Onslow: Now we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in this present Parliament assembled, being desirous to make good to your Majesty such Expenses as have been, and to provide for such as might be, incurred by your Majesty in consequence of the said Grant, and to settle and secure, in the most beneficial Manner, for the Use of the said Arthur Onslow, the yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds, for and during the Term herein after mentioned, agreeably to your majesty's most: gracious Intentions, and as a Testimony of the grateful and affectionate Remembrance which your majesty's faithful Commons retain of the long continued and eminent Services of the said Arthur Onslow, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of two thousand one hundred thirty-four Pounds twelve Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, shall and may be issued and paid from and out of the Duties and Revenues which compose the Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, and be applied in making good the like Sum paid as aforesaid to the said Arthur Oiflow oti account of the said Annuity or yearly Sum; and the said Money so to be issued and paid out of the Aggregate Fund, shall be added to, and made Part of, the Moneys applicable to the Uses jesty, in pursuance of the of his Majesty's Civil Government, and shall and may be issued and applied for such Uses accordingly. Address of the House of

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds by the said Letters Patent, bearing Date the twentieth Day The said Annuity Gf j3pr{l in the first Year of his Majesty's, Reign, granted to the said Arthur Onslow Esquire, his the^utureout of the Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and payable as aforesaid, the said Arthur Onslow, his Executors,

Administrators and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for and during the natural Lives of him the said Arthur Onslow and of George Onslow Esquire, his Son, and for and during the natural Life of the longer Liver of them, one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of three thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, out of the Duties and Revenues which compose the said Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said Aggregate Fund); which said Annuity or yearly Rent, or Sum of three thousand Pounds, shall commence from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall be paid and payable quarterly to the said Arthur Onslow, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, at the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, The fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January, by even and equal Portions; the first quarterly Payment thereof to become due and payable on tile fifth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and that the Annuity or yearly Sum granted by the said Letters Patent shall cease and determine, from and after the fifth Day of January in the said Year.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

2134. f. 12 s. 3 d. 2 q. to be issued out of the Aggregate Fund, to make good the like Sum paid to Arthur On slow, Esquire; account of the Annuity granted him by his Ma

Aggregate Fund;

to commence on 5 Jan. 1762, and to be pa d Quarterly at the Exchequer; v.z. on S April,

5 sub>

to October and 5 January.

Annuity granted by Patent to ccafo thereupon.

Treasury empowered to

dirrfb the Auditor of the and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under exch q er to make Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasur

forth, U. Debentures for the f. id Annuny as it fi ail become due, Without Fee;

rcafury for the Time being, and they are her by authorised, empowered and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time for paying the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of three thousand Pounds, as the same shall, from Time to Time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and re fpcclive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of three thousand Pounds to the said Arthur Onslow, his 3, Executors,

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. C. 34. 691

The Money to be paid thereupon, without further Warrant.

Warrant after being signed, is not determinable or revokable by the Demise of his ma jcfcy; or the Death or Removal of any Officer the Treasury.

Officers of the Treasury, c. to do all Acts necessary to render the said Payment effectual, without Fee.

The Receipt of Mr. On. slow, his Executors, or Assigns, c, to be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and the said Annuity to be free of all Taxes.

Officers of the Exchequer neglecting or refuting to pay the said Annuity, or to do any Act necessary thereto, may be sued.

Executors, Administrators and Assigns, at the respective quarterly Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revokable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve) or of any of his Heirs or successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the proper Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being,

Chancellor and under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such acts, Matters and Things, as are herein before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this act, and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Acquittance or Acquittances,

Receipt or Receipts of the said Arthur Onslow, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or of such other Person Persons as shall be entitled or authorised to receive the said Annuity or yearly pent, or Sum, or any Part thereof, hall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent, or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes,

Impositions, and other Public Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Arthur Onslow, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns to receive the same, then the said Arthur Onslow, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, may from Time to Time, fuc, prosecute and implead such Officers or any of them, their Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or neglect to do any act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers, to enable the said Arthur Onslow, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns to receive the same.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million for the Uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament i and for allowing Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties omitted to be paid upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies, and Appointments to Offices therein; and for the Relief of William Earl, in respect of a Quantity of White Salt, lost by the Wreck of a Ship near the Harbour of Dublin.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration your majesty's most gracious

Message, signifying, That your Majesty, relying on the known Zeal and affection of your faithfull Commons, and considering that in this Conjuncture Emergencies may arise, which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most pernicious Consequences, if proper Means should not immediately be applied to prevent or defeat them; and that your Majesty also, taking into your most serious Consideration the imminent Danger with which the Kingdom of Portugal,

an ancient and natural Ally of your Crown, is threatened by the Powers now in open War with your Majesty, and of what Importance the Preservation of that Kingdom is to the Commercial Interests of this County, is desirous, that we will enable your Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expenses of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of your Enemies against your Majesty or your Allies; and as the Exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of one million for that Purpose; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be en acted And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Credit of

£That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most cre'l't" jjlean granted Excellent Majesty by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and im j or

C. 34. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Treasury may raise the farce by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

In like Manner as Is prescribei by the Land Tax /tec of this Session, concerning Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby to be made out.

The Clauses, see. in the hid Act relating to the Loans ot Exchequer Bills thereby to be uude out,

imtendc.l to this Act.

The same to be repaid aio! the first Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session,

nr out of the Sinking Fund, if no Supplies shall be granted before

5 Ja: >763-

Klonies iltced for that Ppurpcfe out of the Sinking Fund, to be replaced.

The Bank empowered to advance, on the said Credit of Loan, any Sum or Sums not exceeding L occ, cco 1.

the Act 5 & 6 W. & M. C: o. nolwi'.hstanding.

The morin arising by ike Land Tax, X Oka. 3. r. 3.

Malt Act, a Oka. X r. 4>

a»<vjity Act

1 Geo. 3. r. o.

power the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three or more of them or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, to cause or direct any Loans to

be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the said Sum of one million, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provides, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Faxes granted by the same Act, and except fueft Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Actor as if the said feveraf Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, then all the said Loans orexchequer Bills, with the interest, Premium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys as, at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July one thousand fcveiv hundred and sixty three, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may, be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, entitled, an Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Ail mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the ivar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Leans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this scfp non of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or exchep quer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax, should be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixtyr two, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same, and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, entitled, an Act for raising by Annuities 1: 1 Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of twelve millions, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying tlx Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors > and alja the alonies arising from the Duties on Spirituous.

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 34. c93

Liquors granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament; and also the Sum of one million nine With the thousand two hundred seventeen Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, out of such Mo ^'q^charged^n the nies as hall or may arise of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues com sinking Fund; posing the Fund commonly called "The Sinking Fund, directed to be iil ued and applied by one other z Geo. 3. c. 33.

Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons in the last five Parliaments \ and also the Sum of one hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, granted by an Act made in also the Sum of the second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, upon account of Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil " ot^the'1

List Revenues, and now by his Majesty's Direction replaced and refunded out of the Arrears of the civil List" 2 Geo. '*, said Revenues, which were landing out at the Time of his late Majesty's Demise; also the Sum with 20, 0011 remaining of twenty thousand Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being Part of the Sum of unapplied in the exche one hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his late Majesty in the Year one thousand seven hundred chequer, of the Money and fifty-eight, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia anpcfoath

for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and for defraying such Expenses as were agrqf Militia" 3 actually incurred upon the Account of the Militia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty i'even; and also the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and 80, 0001. remaining which was granted to his late Majesty in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, upon Ac unapplied of the money count, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unimbodied Militia for the Year eranted o, towards ended the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and also the Sum un^bodied°iviiirtfa*of seventy thousand Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to his Maand 70, 0001. remaining jesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the unapplied of the Money Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England when unimbodied, and of the Clothing of the frant£d j.he la

Part of the said Militia then unimbodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March ame urp° s> one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and also the Sum of seventy three thousand six hundred du'th^on mal to and seventy eight Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Surplus of the jan i7e>z.

several Duties on Malt, established by an act made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his 5 late Majesty for paying Annuities granted in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, to the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, by the said last mentioned Act, made in this Session of Parliament, directed to be iflfued and applied; and the further Sum of one million by this Act granted, hall be further and the Sum of appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein v?0<y£ol' erantcl1 after expressed; that is to say. It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That prjl ted ^follows* out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and ap videlicet, 3, 612, 2261. plied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three millions six hundred and twelve thousand 9s. 1 d. thereof, towards two hundred twenty six Pounds nine Shillings and one Penny, for or towards the Naval Services Naval se.vices in ge herein after particularly expressed; is to say. For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and ncral5 Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards maintaining nineteen thousand and sixty one Marines; and for or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

VIE And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or i.ooool. forcompleating

Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex the Chapel to Hafler

ceeding one thousand Pounds, for completing the Chapel ordered to be built for the Use of the Hop, u1'

Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen at Hafcr near Gosport, and such other Works as may be

afterwards found proper to be performed before the whole Work is put out of Hand.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 6, «ool. for completing r Supplies aforesaid, there hall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not the works of plymouth exceeding six thousand Pounds, for completing the Works of the fiospital for sick and wounded Ho

Seamen building near Plymouth.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 835, 0231. 3s. Sd. for Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex ^ntoa"'1^' ceeding eight hundred thirty-five thousand twenty-five Pounds three Shillings and eight Pence, for lo sept. i jbu °' the Charge of Transport Service, between the first of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty,

and the thirtieth of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, including the Expense of Victualling his Majesty's Land Forces within the said Time.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 642, 9161. 2s. 3d. for supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iftfued and applied any Sum or sums of Money not ex Charge of the Office of ceeding six hundred forty-two thousand nine hundred' and sixteen Pounds two Shillings and three ^.!rdvip" ce' for Land Pence, for the Charge of the Office of ordnancetor Land Service for the Year one thousand seven l'rv'cc J hundred and sixty two, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense cf Services performed by the

Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

XL. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ovit of all or any the Aids or 7>c77 1 J3S 2d supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex Land so^c^in^eneilh ceeding seven millions six hundred seventy seven thousand. two hundred and five Pounds thirteen an urces, n 6enc'?

6q

C 3 4.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

whereof 1, 629, 320l. is s. 1 d.

Shillings and twopence three Farthings, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed j that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million six hundred twenty nine thousand three hundred twenty Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Charge of the sixty seven thousand six hundred and seventy six eft edlive Men, including those in Germany, and on an Expedition, and four thousand and eight Invalids, and including Commission and non commission Officers for Guards and Garrii ons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and 'jersey, for the Year s73, 7s0l. iss. yd. for one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight !he.f°« ="dga" fons hundred seventy t'niee thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds eighteen Shillings and seven ^eioups "africansand the ^encej for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guade east Indies, and Provi loupe, Africa, and the East Indies., and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, newfound fions for those In Garland, Gibraltar, Providence, Quebec, Guadaloupe, Senegal and Goree, for the Year one thousand seven Tison; 23, 2841. os. hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-three thousand two 6d.^the four Regi f>un(jre(j eighty-four Pounds and six Pence, for defraying the Charge of four Regiments of Foot on lament 'fervin's in U the Irish Establishment serving in North America, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nonh America " two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred sixty three thousand seven hun-163.7111. 12s. 66. for dred and eleven Pounds twelve Shillings and six Pence, for defraying the Charge of an Augmenta augmentation of the t; on to his Majesty's Forces, consisting of nine thousand three hundred and seventy Men, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth 71, 8961. 14s. 26. for Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both inclusive; any Sum or Sumsof Payor the General, and ^vipney not exceeding seventy two thousand eight hundred ninety six Pounds fourteen Shillings and cn.ra tali cers, twopence, fr the Pay of the General, and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital; 443>95- 1010f for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any for Charge r lmbodied gum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred forty-three thousand nine hundred fifty-two meivofargyle!h"re and Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence, for defraying the Charge of the imbodied Militia of the several Lord sutherland's Batta Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and of Lord sutherland's bat lion of Highlanders; talion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both inclusive, being three hundred and sixty five Days; and any Sum or Sums of mo cloathing the imbudied ney nop exceeding sixty thousand seven hundred and six Pounds four Shillings and one Penny, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Clothing for the imbodied Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thou

60, 706l. 4s, 1 d. for Clothing Militia;

20, 0001. towards Pay

and Clothing of the un an(] poun<33) upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britai/i called England, when unimbodied and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unimbodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven 34^3831. i the reduced hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-four thousand three forces^anvma ines^ hundred and eighty-three Pounds, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land 2, 0521. 13s. id. to the Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums Officers and Private of Money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred fifty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Gentlemen of the twopence, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the '1 roops of Her e Guards, tu Xroops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated gentle or mcn ie fur "P, 00ps f Horse Guards for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; 1, 838 lar Pensions to aid any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight Officers Widows; Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, 33, 749l. is. sffi for for pie Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex fsa ifofiltat 01 C ceeding thirteen thousand seven hundred forty-nine Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence, upon ac 46c, 633*1. 16s. 2d. 3q. count, for out pensions of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; tortroops of Minever, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred sixty five thousand six hundred thirty woifenbuttic. taxcgo eight Pounds sixteen Shillings and twopence three Farthings, for defraying the Charge of thirty jjia, and Count Buckc njnc t; hoi.ifand seven hundred and seventy three Mcn of the Troops of Hanover 1 Volfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and the Count of Buckeburgg, together with that of General and Staff Officers, ahually employed against the Common Enemy, in concert with the King of Prussia, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December to be ifturd, in Advance, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both inclusive, to be issued in Advance, every two the^rrwips^to be mutter Months, in like Manner as the Pay of the Hejfian Forces now in the Service of Great Britain \ the rd by an English Com said Body of Troops to be mustered by an Englisho Commissary, and the effective State thereof to be d ffiiry, and the Return ascert.ii 11.d by the Signature of the Commander in Chief of the said Forces; and any Sum or Sums Ancd by the Com of Money not exceeding two hundred sixty eight thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of two thousand one hundred twenty Horse, and nine thousand nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hess: gaffei in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred and sixty five Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both Days inclusive, together with the Sub fly for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred

min erin Chief; 268, 360 1. 3«. 8 d. for tuib idy, and Troopi of th l.indgnvc of hcftc L

Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 34.-

695

hundred forty seven thousand and seventy one Pounds five Shillings and twopence, for defraying i47>°71* 5s d for the Charge of an additional Corps of one thousand five hundred seventy six Horse, and eight thou Cor tof Troo s ofahc sand eight hundred and eight Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the of [[e: x,

Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave cartel; of Hesse Cassel in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty five Days, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, to the thirty first Day of December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixty 67, 008]. 9s. id. for eight thousand and eight Pounds nine Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Charge of one Subhdr and eroop3 ot, thousand four hundred forty-four Cavalry, and two thousand three hundred thirty Infantry, thethedu 60 runi', uc > Troops of the reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty five Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaties; and any Sum or Sums of Mo 25>5°4h 6s Sd f, r ney not exceeding twenty-five thousand five hundred and four Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, Charge of five battalions for defraying the Charge of five Battalions serving with his Majesty's Army in Germany, each Bat ervins in ernlan> talion confiding of one Troop of one hundred and one Men, and four Companies of Foot of one hundred and twenty-five Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for three hundred and sixty five Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million three hundred fifty-three thou m53j6621. 43- rd sand six hundred sixty two Pounds four Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the extraordinary for extraordinary Ex expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the twenty-fourth Day of an^her servicedms" November one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and not provided for by Parliament; and any i76t> not provided for; Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, upon Account, towards defraying the Charges i, oooo, coo I. for Forage of Forage, Bread, Bread Wagons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, et cetera, and ocher extraordinary and other extraordinary Expenses and Contingencies of his Majesty's Combined Army under the ?xpyfs ot. Command of Prince Ferdinand; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred fifty g]78j3g47.yons iodmor eight thousand three hundred eighty-four Pounds and ten Pence, for defraying the extraordinary extraordinary Expenses of Expenses of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from the twenty-fourth Day the Land Forces, cof November one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth Day of December fol to z+deci 1?6z> nac lowing, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty evldo: d q°o)' for the thousand Pounds, on Account, towards assisting his Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour, in landg°ave°of Keiie Caf money, to the Landgrave of Hesse cajjel, pursuant to Treaty. fel, pursuant to Treaty;

XII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids 1,000, 0001. to discharge. or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and maybe ifi ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not the like Sum boi rowed exceeding one million, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pursuance of an purf"uant to a, te AI made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted Cre k0 1 2 al seiu'n*' in this Session of Parliament.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any. the Aids 1, 500, 0001. for paying

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not e*ch qu?r Bills made

exceeding one million five hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to pay off and discharge a"

the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an AI passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti ° C e a! C 10112

tuled, An Act for enabling his majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharg

ing the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty

one; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contra ft s of

Clerks to Attorneys or Solicitors, and filing thereof, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids S>624h ls Iod. for or suppli.s aforesaid, there shall! and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not f^rges oftfh^clv, jefa't exceeding five thousand six hundred eighty-four Pounds one Shilling and ten Pence, upon Account, meno ova "to l for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed 4>°57!*i0s- fr Charges ing four thousand and.fifty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the establl(h' of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expenses at menc 0 eojs'a> tending the same, from the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

XV. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the 133, 3-531. 6s. Sd. as a Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money Compensation to the not exceeding one hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and provinces^nnorth ame eight Pence, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective called°in iciying ti oopa Provinces in North America, for the Expenses incurred by them in the Levying, Clothing and Pay there;

of the Troops raised by the same, according as the atftive Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the re spesflive Provinces shall be thought by his Majesty to merit; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 20,000l. to the East exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be paid to the United Company of Mer Company, towards chants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expense of a a m luary

Military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them in lieu of the Battalion of his °rce Majesty's Forces commanded by Lieutenant General Adlercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, to be 13, 0001. for rcpiirfng

paid c Lonilou Bridge 3

6g6

C 34-

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

41, 751l. rof. to the Foundling Hospital; to be iitued without See 5

paid into the Chamber of the City of London, to be applied towards the improving, widening and enlarging the Passage over and through London Bridge, without Account, other than as is directed for the Moneys raised by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen and ir.large the passage over and through London Bridge; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-one thousand seven hundred fifty-two Pounds and ten Shillings, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the Paid Hospital on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the toirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one exclusive, to the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or j5, 0001. for suppertieg Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen tic Forts and Settle thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Fort at Annamaboe, and other

British Forts and Settlements upon the Coats of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not of^thfi bdtiflimufcum exceeding two thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Mufaum to carry on 40001. for building 1*the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not Bridge over the Tweed exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Commissioners appointed by an al passed ceai Coldstream; so the thirty third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of Jedburgh Road, by Lauder in the Shire of Berwick: to Cornhill in the County of Durham, and for building a Bridge over the Tweed near Coldjiream, to build the said Bridge, and to defray such other e.xpences as may be found neccf 15, 540l. to make good fary in relation thereto; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand five hundred the Deficiency on 5 July ancj forty Pounds, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good Malt' ranted by^aft0" Deficiency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, of the several Geo. 2. Duties on Malt granted by an Act Tricesimo tertio Georgii Secundi, to answer Annuities after the

52, 393l. 16s. 9d. iq. Rate of four Pounds per Centum, charged thereupon; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed to make good the De ing fifty-two thousand three hundred ninety three Pounds sixteen Shillings and nine Pence half fi iency on. 5 July 1761' penny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the defi av Pensions and n^en r'ency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, of the several Rates and Houses and Windows; Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an at Tricesimo primo Georgii Secundi, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of five millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 103, 9061. to make good one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one the Deficiency on 5 July hundred and three thousand nine hundred and six Pounds, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like

dut^onv^n^beer"31 urn out °* cie ^ame' to mae good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven u.y on trong eer hundred and sixty one, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer and pay the several Annuities of three Pounds per Centum, and one Pound two Shillings and six Pence per Centum, on eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds, Part of twelve millions borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty by an act Primo Georgii Tertii, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and thirteen Pounds five Shillings and five Pence Farthing, to the" Year i^6i^rants r ma^ e g0°d the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred coo ^to make good and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one thousand five hundred Pounds, the like Sum issued, pur to make good the like Sum issued, pursuant to an Address of the House of Commons, by his ma suant to Address, to je jesty to Jeremiah dy[on Esquire, towards defraying the Expense of printing the Journals of the remiah Dyson, Esq; to fqoufe of Commons from the Beginning of the ninth Parliament of Great Britain to the End of the wards the f.xpence ot jafl. §cffion of Parliament, and all'o towards defraying the Expense of making and printing Indexes thehouf: of Commons; to the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh Volumes of the Journals of the House of Commons which have been already printed.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordi

year*"1762, 'and to aim nary Expenses of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year one thousand the Kingdom of For seven hundred and sixty two, and to assist the Kingdom of Portugal an ancient and natural Ally of his Majesty's Crown, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint and defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, against his Majesty, or his Allies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by an at or acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other at or aists of this present Session of Parliament.

A VIII. And as to the said Sum of thirty-four thousand three hundred and eighty three Pounds by this at appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed (Fall he duly observed in the Application of the said ijalf pay; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part

and Ale

112, 6131. 5s. i. iq. to make good the Defiant!

1,000, 000 1. upon Account, to defray any excraoidinaiy Expenses of the War, for the

tugal.

These Aid to be applied to no other Uses.

Ru'et to be observed in 1 he Application of the liaif py.

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 34. 697

of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XIX. And whereas by an al of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of his present Ma Clause in the a of jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million, for the Uses and 1 Geo 3- J9

Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities or Sums of Money granted, or to be granted, to the Royal Family from Payment of Taxes; the several Supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; 4 which, any Sum or Sums not exceeding thirty-four thousand eight hundred fifty-four Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid al were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is hereby Application of the sa provided, enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of thirty vings of the Sum of four thousand eight hundred fifty-four Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, as is or shall be more 34->85+* 9s; za than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said at sraiyed la Session t to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed war s a of to such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former alto the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas diverse Admissions of Persons into Corporations and Companies, and Ad 4 millions or Appointments to Offices in Corporations and Companies, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, have through the Mistake, In 4 advertency or Neglect of the Officers of such Corporations and Companies, been omitted to be stamped, as by several Acts of Parliament is required, whereby the Titles to the respective Fran chises and Offices of the Persons or Officers so admitted or appointed may be drawn into Dispute; '

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Payment at any Time before the Further Time allowed last Day of Michaelmas Term one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, of the Duties imposed fr pa)'ment of th" Du' by Law upon, for or in respect of such Admissions or Appoinments, unto the Person or Persons omtmenttofter"

authorised to receive such Duties, and the tendering such Admissions or Appointments to the proper fons to Franchises and

Officers, in order that the Duties may be impressed thereon; such Admissions and Appointments, Offices, and all Acts done or to be done in consequence thereof, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Admissions and Appointments had been stamped, and the Duties paid, previous to, or at the Time of such Admissions or Appointments, and in such Manner and Form as is directed, appointed and required by the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties; and the respective Officers of such Corporations and Companies, and other Persons, shall, from the Time of the Payment of such Duties respectively, and the Tender of such Admissions and Appointments for the Duties to be imposed thereon, be and are hereby freed, exonerated and discharged from all Penalties imposed by the said Acts, for or in respect of the Omission in the {lamping of, and Payment of the Duties charged upon such respective Admissions and Appointments, within the Time and in the Manner directed and required by the said Acts, and the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and their proper Officers and Servants are hereby required and enjoined to receive such Duties, and to cause the Admissions or Appointments so tendered, to be impressed or stamped with the proper Mark or Marks, Stamp or Stamps, used for denoting the Payment of the said Duties; anything in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas in the Month of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, at Choose for Relief of Liverpoole in the County Palatine of Lancaster, there was hipped on Board the Drake, fames f h 'e, Pest of

Mackenzie Mailer, by William Earl of Liverpoole aforesaid, for the North Seas, seven hundred and na Harbjur'0

twenty Bushels of White Salt, for the Duty whereof Bond was given by the said William Earl,*

4' fojeph Carter, and fames Mackenzie \ and the said Vessel, the Drake, going into the Harbour of Dublin, was wrecked, whereby the Salt abovementioned was lost and perished in the Sea; but

the Proof such Loss could not be made within the Time limited by Law Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bond or Bonds given by the said William Earl, fofeph Carter, and fames Mackenzie, for and in respect of the Duty of the said seven hundred and twenty Bushels of Salt so loft, shall forthv/ith be delivered up, discharged and vacated, and the same is and are hereby discharged and vacated accordingly; any Act or alsof Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

698

C 35.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the Paid Militia now unembodied, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

Presrr.uf.'

w

WHEREAS the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the unembodied ivii litia, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty two: In order therefore that the Charge of Pay and Clothing for such Militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par

v/h; re the Militia i or fiament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place, mbcdiej^'the Receiver within that Part oi Great Britain called England where the Militia is or shall be raised, and is or or.vra! of the county II shall be not embodied, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding ro issue Months Pay in or Place respectively, shall, during the Time that such Militia shall continue not embodied, issue Advance, according to and pay the whole Sums required in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; the Efhbhshment of Pay that is to say, For the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in advance, at the Rate of

ere et own, six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling

for each Sergeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Sergeant Major, where a Sergeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of six Pence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of six Pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of five Pence a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia; and also for half a year's Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision the Clerks of the Gene Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the rai and Subdivision Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings; Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Clothing of

ad mt fr cloaljlld& the Militia for such County, Riding or Place, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings for each Sergeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one Pound for each Sergeant Major, and each Drum Major; and with respect to the private Militia Men, where the Militia hath not already been clothed, or hath not been clothed within three Years, at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each private Man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any County, Riding or Place, where Pay has not been yet issued for the Militia, no such Sum shall be issued until his Majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Absence,

with half a year's Salary 10 the Regimental and Battalion Clerks; and the Allowances to

Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and to the Receiver-general of the Land Tax, that three Fifths of the Number of private Militia Men of such County, Riding or Place, have been enrolled; and that three Fifths of the Proportion of their Commission Officers have accepted their commissii ons, and entered their Qualifications as by Law required.

The above Sums are not

to be paid, if Say has

"huh^lo^l'e^enant any three Deputy Lieutenants of any such County, Riding or Place, shall have certified to the

or Deputies hall have certified to the Treasury and Receivers General the Inrolment of three Fifths of the Men

The Money is to be if

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid, except such as shall be due to sued by the Receiver Ce the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General neral to the Clerk of the of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia Reg mentor Banal on belonging to such County, Riding or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or o die Clerks of the" " Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for Meetings upon produ such respective County, Riding or Place; and where the Militia shall be formed into an indepen eing the Warrant of h/s dent Company, or Independent Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Reappointment; ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the respective Captain of each independent

Company of Militia, or to such Personas such respective Captain shall authorise to rc fpcihvtcaptains or to ccive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay and Clothing, their Order: of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independent Company or injepen

A second Payment is dent Companies, shall have been appointed to consist; such Receiver or Receivers General of also to be made within 3 the Land Tax, shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month hint. i ter t e r, from the Tjrne of the said first Payment, nuke a second Payment for four Calendar Months in ad — and a third within three vance; and shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from months after the second. the Time of the said second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in advance,

for the Pay and contingent Expenses of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or receipm of the Personj Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned; and the re to whom the hh.nry CC ipts of fuili Clerk or Clerks, and of such Captain of an Independent Company, or Captains of the Receivcri Gener Independent Companies, or of such Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorize

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III.

C 35

699

to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, The Regimental and after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid, one Calendar Battalion Clerks are to month's Pay in advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; to the month's Payto 'the Ad captain or Commanding Officer of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, twojutant; and two Months, Months Pay in advance for the Sergeants, Drummers, and the contingent Expenses of his respectPay to each Captain for tive Company; and also to the Commanding Officer of the Company to which the Sergeant Major the Servants, drum and Drum Major shall belong, two Months Pay in advance for such Sergeant and Drum Major; mers and contingent ex and so from Time to Time, so long as any Money on that Account shall remain in his Hands: pay" and so^the s« which pay every such Captain or Commanding Officer is hereby required to distribute to each Per jeant Major and Drum soil belonging to his Company by this Atffc entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; Major; and to thecom and shall onc e in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such mandinb Officer of the Company shall belong, or if Captain of an Independent Company, to the Receiver-general, an bdon*"3ca° tains to dl account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act, according to the fol ftribmcthepay^ccor' lowing Form: dingly; and account for the same yearly to the Clerk or Receiver-general, if an Independent Company, according to the following Form

County of

Dr.

To Cash received of Mr. Regimental

or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver-general, as the Case shall be. for two Months Pay in advance

3

s. d.

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid Sergeant for Days 1

Pay from the of to C

the of following 3

Ditto as sergeant major (if one in the 1

Company)*-- --

Paid Sergeant for Days

Pay from the of to (.

the of following y

Paid Drummer Days

at 6d. from the of to the I of following C

Ditto as drum major (if one in the J Company)

Paid Dummer Days from the of to the of

following -

Two Months Contingencies for Men and two Drummers at 5 d. per Month each

s.

And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver-general, as the Case shall be, the Surplus and pay back thesur (if any) of the Money by him, from Time to Time, received and then remaining in his Hands, ex plus Moniesin his cept the Money by this Act allowed for contingent Expenses, which shall once in every Year be Hands, except the con accounted for by the Captain of each Company respectively, in Manner aforesaid, and the Balance; 'nge?'; fh'ch

thereof shall be by him paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such 1 e or'

Company shall belong, to be applied to the general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the and applied to the general Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the greater Part of them, shall at a general Meeting direct; use of theregiment, c. and the Captain of each Independent Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person be Captains of Independent, longing to his Company entitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive by virtue of this Act; and Companies to distribute the said Money allowed for the contingent Expenses of each Independent Company of Militia shall^ Mone" al be respectively applied to the particular Use of such Independent Company by the Captain thereof. low^forcontingcny3

Expenses.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his clerk to retain Money own Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance in his Hands for his own herein before made for his Salary; and such Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall pay to such Person Sa, ar>' 5

or Persons as shall produce an Order from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from the Commanding Of g^arse t wcioatl'* ficer of such Regiment or Battalion, such Sums of Money as shall be due and owing for or on acing count of the Clothing of the said Regiments or Battalions, not exceeding the Rates herein before mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when ever his Majesty's Lieu When tj, e L eute. tenant together with two o'r more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the nant and Deputies shall Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding have fixed the Days of or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, Exercise,

certify the same to the Receiver-general of such County, Riding or Place, specifying the Number receiverc

of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on Account of such Exer General, specifying the cife; and such Receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Number of Men, and

Days they shall be absent

from Home. Receiver-general to issue thereupon Pay for the Men to the Regimental Clerk, c.

700

C 35.

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

Certificate, to ififue and pay to the Clerk of the several Regiments or Battalions, or to the Captains of the Independent Companies, as the Case shall be, at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each private Militia Man, with the Addition of six Pence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Militia Men shall be absent from Home on Account of such Exercise; the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalion the Proportion of Pay belonging to their respective Companies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That during the Time of such Exercise as aforesaid, the Captains of every Company shall make a Field return, to be delivered to the Commanding Officer, and likewise keep an Account of every day's Exercise; Account shall, at the End of the Time of Exercise, be examined by the Commanding Officer, and Compared with the said Return.

who i? foray ever the same to the respective Captain!.

Captains to make Field Returns to the Commanding Officer; and keep Account of every day's Exercise, to be examined and compared \m.h the reum. Vjn. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account Accountaccording5^ the Moneys received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following following Form j

Form

County of

Dr.

the Regi

To Cash received of

mental or Battalion Clerk, or

Receiver-general, as the Case shall be^iox Days Pay of M

n

afe ( enj

d.

Per Contra Paid

Cr.

Militia Men at Exercise)))

Paid additional Pay to Corporals 7 Days 5

C

d.

to be signed by them, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer, and delivered, with the Balance to the Clerk, or Receiver-general. Accounts allowed sufficient Vouchers.

During the Time the Troops are embodied, and called out into actual Service, and receive Pay as the King's other Forces, all pay from the Receivers General is to cease.

the clerk of the General Meetings is to be paid his Allowance upon producing an Order from the Ld. Lieut, or \ Deputies; and the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings upon producing a like Order from 1 Dec. Lieut. Orders to discharge Receivers General.

Regimental and Battalion Clerks to give Security for piying and accounting fur the Moneys received by them; the Bonds to be lodged with the Receivers General, and put in Suit by them on Nonperformance of the Condition 5 and they are inntled thereupon to full Costs and Charges, and j) percent, of the Money recovered;

the Residue to be ac «(.unfed for to the Auditor

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time of such Exercise, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or it Captain of an Independent Company, to the Receiver-general; and such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the Raffing of the Accounts of such Receiver-general at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia is or shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and private Militia Aden are or shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Men in his Majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia shall belong, whether to the Adjutant, Sergeants, private Militia Aden, or others; and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall during such Time of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall be disembodied, and returned Home by Order of their Commanding Officers, cease, and not be paid.

X. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant or from three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, their several Allowances, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Adeeting. upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty, in the Penalty of one Half of the Sum required for the whole year's Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Adilitia to which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall from time to time have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed; said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the respective County, Riding or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprised in the said Bond, shall and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the full Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be entitled to, and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of five pounds/cr Centum, out of all such Adonies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon, and shall account for the Residue thereof with the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue, the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land 1'ax charging himself or themselves therewith upon the next Account of the Land Lax to be by him or them passed.

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. C. 36. 701

XII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia and the Cap The Regimental and tain of every Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, and Place, within the Battalion clerks, and Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Captains of independent Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, deliver to the Receiver or Re copaes> ar deceivers General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Bat Receipts an^disburse 6^ talion, or Independent Company shall belong, a fair Account in Writing of all Moneys by him re ments.

ceived and disbursed, for the Service of the preceding Year, in pursuance of this Act, with proper

Vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, any Surplus of such Moneys that shall then be in his Hands; which said Accounts, signed by to^h^rcc^vctrcenemi6

such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independent Company respectively..

shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Office of accounts imo"he'audt

the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue. tors Office.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and Recovery of Penalties, all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and c.

shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Proteddion, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or, ri See L aya^ie for any paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or warrjm, r Sun of Mo

r C \ \ CL J J 5 ney issued in punuance

xn pursuance of this Act. of this Act.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester and the Great seltions for the Counties in Wales for the Time beine.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Preamble reciting clause King George the Second, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in A 32 Geo. 2. c. 35. ' in the Court o/"king's Bench, the Judges of the Court Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, it was set forth, That the

Salaries of the said Judges and Justices were inadequate to the Dignity and Importance of their Offices, and therefore, in order to establish in the first Place a proper Fund for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges in the Courts at Westminster, and Justices of Chester and the Great

Sessions for the Counties in Wales, certain Stamp Duties were thereby granted and appropriated to the Payment of the several and respective Sums of Money directed by the said Act to be applied

in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said laid mentioned Judges and Justices, and certain Sums

were directed to be paid yearly, out of the Duties and Revenues therein mentioned, in Augmen

of the Salaries of the said Judges in Scotland: And whereas the Fund provided for Payment

of the Sums granted in Augmentation of the Salaries to the said Judges and Justices in England

and Wales, hath proved insufficient to make good and answer the same: We your majesty's mould dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, in order to make the said Fund effcddual to answer the said Purposes, do give and grant unto your Majesty

Duties herein after mentioned, and do therefore mould humbly beseech your Majesty that it

may be enacted And be it enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand from and after 5 Jolv seven hundred and sixty two there shall be throughout England, the Dominion of Wales, and the foljoa!r p i Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, colledded, levied and paid unto and for the Use of his Ma dltl°nal be laid.

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the p^chment o'l\otr, Matters or Things herein after mentioned shall be ingossed or written, at any Time or Times after viz. the said fifth Day of July, over and above the Rates, Duties, Charges, and Sums of Money, now due and payable to his Majesty for or in respedd of the same, the further Rates, Duties Charges, and Sums of Money; that is to say,

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any on ever Admission Admission into any of the four Inns of Court shall be ingossed or written, the Sum of two Pounds, court 40s*T

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Register, and on every Testimonial Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate of the Degree of Utter Barrister, taken in any of the four Inns of the Degree of an Utter of Court shall be ingossed or written, the Sum of two Pounds. di inns o^cwurt*!

JO 2

C 36,

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

The said Duties to be under the Management

said Duties.

Veilum, &c. stamped before 5 July, in pursuance of other Acts, and chargeable with the Duties of this Act, is to be brought to the

Thing be ingrossed there on,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual raising, levying, coliefling and paying the said additional Rates and Duties herein before granted,

of the commissioners for the same shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time Stsm', 5» being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and charged

on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, who are to appoint pro who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such Officers under per Officers under them, them for that Purpose as they shall think proper; and to use such Dies and Stamps to denote the and provide suitabic Stamp Duties hereby charged as they shall think fit, and to repair, renew or alter the same, from tijn, FS' time to time, as there shall be Occasion, and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps for and in respect of the additional Rates and Duties hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of distinct Stamps, to ascertain the

One new Stamp to b Duties granted by former Acts and this Act, to cause one new Stamp to be provided for denoting provided for denoting the a]j the fajj Du tics, from time to time, as shall by the said Commissioners be thought proper or necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper charged by this Act, with any of the Stamp Duties hereby granted, which hath been or shall before the said fifth Day of July be stamped or marked in pursuance of the former Acts of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Stamp Duties or any of them, shall, before any of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is hereby made payable shall be ingrossed or written

Scamp Office in order to thereupon, such Ingrossing or Writing being at any Time after the said fifth Day of July, be brought irnvreled°dltion3lstaml> to ie ea Office for {lamping or marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to be stamped or im£>re, lt marked with another Mark or Stamp, over and besides the Marks or Stamps put or to be put thereat

such as ball not have upon, in pursuance of the said former Acts, or any of them and that all Vellum, Parchment and been stamped before the paper, which hath not been, or shall not, before said fifth Day of July be stamped or marked in f er acts?s to be duly Pul'fuance f the said former Acts or any of them, shall, before any of the Matters or Things in re fiampej as hereby direct spect whereof any Stamp Duty is payable hereby, and by the said former Acts or any of them, shall ed, before any Matter or be thereupon ingrossed or written, such Ingrossing or Writing being after the said fifth Day of July, be brought to the said Head Office, and there marked and stamped with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp provided, used or appointed, or to be provided or appointed in pursuance of the said former Acts, or of this Act, to denote the respective Duties thereby and hereby respectively charged thereupon; and if any of the said Matters and Things so to be ingrossed or written as aforesaid, shall be ingrossed or written contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not appearing to have been duly marked or stamped according to this Act, on Forfeitureof 51. over that then, and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered and paid (over and above the Stamp Duties payable hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them) for or in respect of every such Matter or Tiring, the Sum of five Pounds j and that no such Matter or Thing shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as well the said Duty hereby charged in respect thereof, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid to the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Stamp Duties, or his Deputy or Clerk, and until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which such Matter or Thing is so ingrossed or written, shall receiver-general, c. to be marked or stamped, according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof; and the said Receiver Moneys or 1 ie Said General, and his Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duties, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, and such other Sums, as by the said former Acts are payable in that Behalf, to give a Receipt for such Moneys j and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark or stamp such Matters or Things with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp, required in that Behalf; which said Sum of five Pounds is to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duties hereby granted are to be applied.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties herein before granted, shall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time be

k x' a fc araie 'ns le ^ut'es on {lamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct: cf>3ra'Accoufit of the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of this Act, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for such Rates and Duties, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes herein after expressed, at such Time, and in such Manner, as.any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid; and provide 3 Hook for en that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books in trring, hf, fa, C which all the Moneys arising from the Rates and Duties hereby granted and paid into the said Receipt

1 mu u at / ome. as aforesaid, shall he entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, upon any Account whatsoever, and shall be applied in such Adanner as is herein after mentioned.

r ommiftir reri and Of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all film, employed in the other Officers who shall be employed in the Collection or.management of the said Rates and Duties

('.i'.tdim and Management of theft Duties, are to observe the Directieo of the treasury j

and above the Duties, and such Writing, c. being unavailable in Law till the Duties and Forfeitures be paid, and the proper Stamp imprested

and the Stamps to be thereupon impressrd. Penalty to be applied as the Duties.

Duties to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general, who i to Account thereof, and pay over the same into the Exchequer; and the Auditor is to

7°3

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 37.

herein before granted, shall in the Execution of their Offices observe and perform such Rules and Orders as they respectively shall from time to time receive from the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being; and that no See or and no See is to fcs

Reward shall be taken or demanded by any such Commissioners or Officers, from any of his Majesty's taken by them;

Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this act; and in case any Officer and neglecting the ir

employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse or northeast Duty to the Damage of

gleft: to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this Act: required or directed to be done or per f?y person they are, ia'

formed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects shall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, same with treble cost*

such Officer so offending shall be liable, by any action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to of Suit j

the Party grieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and their and they are made fub officers shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of the Trusts in them re 10 the i; ke Penalties posed, or for diverting or misapplying the Money received in pursuance of this Act, as by any for any Breach of 'lruft, mer Law relating to Ramped Vellum, Parchment or Paper are inflicted; that all Powers, Pro any of the former Acts; visions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, dirribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all and all the Provisions, other Matters and Things prescribed, inflicted or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament c. in those Acts, where relating to the Ramp Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and not hereby alteied, shall be in not altered by this, are full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied extend£d to thl3

and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing the said Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been herein enacted with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person from and after Penalty of counterfeit the said fifth Day of July shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any g or forging any of the Seal, Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this puofe7of\his Act; 'C act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties hereby granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the or of selling any Vei impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors of any of lum, c. with such the said Duties, or shall utter, vend or sell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, liable to any such counterfeit Stamps; Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall or of privately using any privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, of.ths allowed Stamps, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors of any of the said Duties; every Per vi, £rfnt; .£'» son so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Benefit of Clergy. Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties hereby granted, and Duties of this, and of the Duties arising by virtue of the said former Act made in the thirty second Year of his late Ma the^ner Act of^jery's Reign, shall be, and are hereby made one joint Fund, for answering and paying, in such Fund for2p'aying\ta°m Manner and Proportions as are therein directed and appointed, with respect to the Duties thereby judges Salaries; granted, all such Sums of Money as shall become due and payable from and after the said fifth Day

of July in pursuance of the said act, to the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges

in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, the Chief and other Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Chief and second jurices of Chester, and the jurices of the Great and the Surplus tobere

Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being respectively; and if any Surplus shall reserved for the Disposition

main of the Produce of the said Fund, the same Riall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, Parlament

in such Manner as any Surplus of the Duties granted by the said act are thereby directed to be reserved.

---

And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done, or to be done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any Matter or Thing in this act contained,

[General Issue.]

such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited,

[Treble Costs.]

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the coasts of Sussex, Kent and Southampton, lay open and exposed to the

hostile Invasions of his Majesty's Enemies: And whereas our late mor Gracious Sovereign Lord George the Second, out of his paternal Affection, tendering the Welfare and Protection of his dutiful and loyal Subjects, did order and direct: the sharer General and Principal Officers of his Ordnance, to erect and build several Sorts and Batteries, at convenient dirances, upon the said coars: And whereas in pursuance of such Orders, Forts and Batteries have been erected by and with the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors of the several Lands herein after mentioned, on which the same are respectively erected; at Little Hampton, Brighthelmston, Hew Haven, Blotchington, Seaford, Hajiings and Rye in the County of Sussex; and at Folkstone and Hyth in the County of Kent; and in the Parish and island of Portsea in the County of Southampton: And whereas it is just and reasonable that the several Owners and Proprietors of such Lands should have proper Compensation and Satisfaction made for their respective Interest there 4 in, and that the said Lands should be vested for ever in the Crown, or in trustees, for the Use and Benefit of your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, after such Compensation made to the Owners and Proprietors of the said landsmay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the the Authority of the same,

[The Lands, with

That all that Piece or Parcel of Land fitugte on the Seashore on the East whx\lm'eial fors f the Entrance into Arundel Haven, in the Parish of Climpton in the County of Sussex, containing two Acres, twelve Perch and an Half, on which a Sort or Battery called Little Hampton Battery, with Gunners Barracks, and the Magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land situate on the seashore at the East Part of the Town of Brighthelmston in the said County of Sussex, containing one Rood, twenty seven Perch and three Quarters, being Part of the Lands of Brighthelmston aforesaid, called The East Clifton which said Piece of Land last mentioned, the Fort or Battery called Brighthelmston Battery, with Gunners Barracks, and the Magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land situate on the North Side, at the Entrance of the Harbour of Newhaven in the said County of Sussex, containing one Acre, two Rood, and twenty seven Perch, Part of the Lands called The call Hill, on which said Piece of Land last mentioned, the Fort or Battery called new haven Battery, with Gunners Barracks, and the Magazine thereto belonging, have lately been eredfed; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land situate in the Parish of Blotchington in the said County of Sussex, together with a Way and Passage five hundred twenty six Feet in Length, and ten Feet wide, from the West Angle of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, to a certain Well situate on Blotchington Down, which said Piece or Parcel of Land, with the said Way or Passage, contain three Acres twenty-one Perch, and on which said Piece or Parcel of Land, a Sort or Battery called Blotchington Battery, with Gunners Barracks, and the Magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Waste Land situate in the Parish of Seaford in the said County of Sussex, containing, together with a Well at the Town of Seaford, one Acre, one Rood and seven Perch, being the greatest Part thereof Waste Lands called Seaford Beach, on which the Fort and Battery called Seaford Battery, with the Gunners Barracks, and Magazines thereto belonging, have lately been erected; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Waste Land, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary of the Castle, on the Pier at the West Side of the Town of Hajling in the said County of Sussex, on which a Battery called Hajling Battery has lately been erected; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, situate on the said Pier, on which the Gunners Barracks, and Magazine belonging to the said Battery last mentioned, have lately been erected, which said two Gun Garden Battery, at Pieces or Parcels of Land last mentioned, contain together one Rood and twenty-five Perch; and

or Batteries following dtnnd, viz. Oi Lit !e H mpto.i, on the Entrance in Arundel Haven; Brghthclmtlon Battery;

Newliavcn Battery;

Btotcjiington Battery;

Eeaford Battery;

Halting Battery;

K.

with the Upper and Lower Batteries there;

containing

Folkestone Battery; Hyth Battery;

at

also all that Piece or Parcel of Waste Land situate at Rye in the said County of Sussex, one Acre, two Rood, and thirty-three Perch, called The Gun Garden Battery, where an old Battery formerly stood, and on which two new Batteries called the Upper Battery and Lower Battery, and the Magazine to them belonging, have lately been erected; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Waste Land situate at Rye aforesaid, containing six Perch, being Part of the Waste called The Old Church Yard, on which the Gunners Barracks, belonging to the said Batteries last mentioned, have lately been erected; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land situate at Folkestone in the County of Kent, containing one Acre, one Rood, and twelve Perch, being Part of a Piece of Land called The Upper Bail Ground, on which a Sort or Battery has been lately erected; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Waste Land situate near the Town of Hyth in the said County of Kent, containing twenty-one Perch, on which a Battery of five Guns has been lately erected; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Waste Land near the said Town of Hyth, containing twenty-four Perch, on which the Gunners Barracks, and Magazine belonging to the said Battery last mentioned, have been lately erected; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land situate in the Parish of Portsea in the County of Southampton, containing four Acres, three Rood, and seventeen Perch, being Part of two Fields called The Sixteen Acre Field and The Eighteen Acre Field, belonging to Lump's Farm, in the said parifii of Portsea, on which a Sort or Battery, called Lump's Battery, with the Gunners Barracks, rend Magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erc&ed; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land situate in the said Parish of Portsea, containing six Acres, two Rood, and twenty-one Perch, being Part of two Fields called Lock's Puttock, and the thirty Acre Field belonging to a Farm called Ecijlncy Farm in the said Parish of Portsea, on which a Soit or Battery called fa]fluey Battery, with the Gunners Barracks, and Magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected, together with the Beach or Shingle between High Water Mark and Low Water Mark, contiguous to and adjoining the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, or any or either of them; and all other Rights, rvrraky with Members and Appurtenances, to them or any or either of them belonging or appertaining, shall the rigi.t:, Members foc aruj are hereby vested and declared to be in the actual and real Possession and Seisin of Sir John Cujl Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons; the Honourable Robert Fairfax, Sir ivyndham Knatchbull Wyndham Baronet, Thomas Pelham Esquire, John Butler Esquire, the Right Honourable Henry Bilson Leg, and Sir Simeon Stewart Baronet, their Heirs and assigns for ever, in Trust northeast nevertheless

Lump's Battery, i'orttea;

and e.iltncy Battery;

and Appurtenance thereto belonging, in the Trurtcci berem mentioned,

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 37. 705

for such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as at or in Trust for the immediately before the Time of making this Act, were the several and respective Owners and Pro ^'pe^lve Owners and prietors thereof, according to their several Estates and Interests therein at the same Time, in Pof ropnetors erco iession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, and reasonable and julf Compensation and Satisfaction shall be made for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better ascertaining the His !mpowfreij several Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, and their respective Titles and Claims thereto, to issue letters Parenr, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more Commission or Commissions, by appointinacommissioners Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorise and appoint any Number of Per to hear and <^: ermine fons to be Commissioners to hear and determine all Titles and Claims that shall or may be made to of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof; which Commis the said Lards, tene" sioners so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, and ments and keredita shall and may in a summary Manner proceed, al and determine, by and upon the Testimony of ments, and their respectwitnesses upon Oath (which Oath they, or any five or more of them are hereby empowered to tive Interests there n: administer) Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, or by Inquest of twelve th^ein^ii'a summary good and lawful Men to be impanelled and sworn in Manner herein after mentioned and directed, Way by the Testimony or by all or any of the said Ways, or otherwise, according to their Discretion, all and all Manner of Wimesses upon Oath, of Rights, Estates and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates and Questions which shall happen Inspeaion and examma and arise between any Person or Persons whatsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any tton of Deeds an! other of the Premises, or any Part thereof; and shall have Power to send for any Person or Persons, ^c^and^tht a^im '*' and oblige them to produce their Deeds or Writings, upon Oath, relating to any of the same Pre powered to fen^for any mifies; and also shall and may, by Agreement with the respective Person or Persons that shall be Persons, and oblige them determined to be the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, or by the said Inquest of the said to produce their Deeds, twelve good and lawful Men to be impanelled and sworn, inquire, proceed, at and determine, reljtins to tie l>re" touching and concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel there medvor Inquest to see of, were or was of at the Time the same were first made use of for the Purposes aforesaid: And tie the Value thereof: the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to cause all their Judge They are to cause their ments and Decrees to be entered fairly in Books; which Judgments and Decrees shall expressly Judgments and Decrees mention and specify the respective Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abut f°ec7e|^teres|j' tals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of every Person or Persons interested re tion and voundahes of spectively in the same; and the respective Sum or Sums that shall be so agreed for or assessed by the the said Lands, with the said Jury to be paid for the same respectively; which Judgments and Decrees shall likewise be fairly Names of the Parties in ingrossed on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King's terested and the Sl, rns Remembrancer in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and such Judgments and Decrees made as aoreed for, or aifefted by aforesaid shall be final, and shall conclude all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and same the"said1 Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs, successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns Judgments and Decree respectively, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever; Law, Statute or Custom, to be likewise ingrossed or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; of which said Judge °" p^hment, and cer ments and Decrees shall be laid forthwith before both Houses of Parliament, that a just and reason cfown^chanceiv^nd able Compensation and Satisfaction may be made to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said the kind's Remem 311 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments. brancer in the Exchequer: The same declared to be final and conclusive to all Parties; and Copies thereof are to be laid forthwith, before both Houses of Parliament, in order that a reasonable Compensation may be made to the several Owners.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better carrying the said Commission or Commissions into Execution, the said Commissioners to be appointed in and by the said Commission or Commissions, or any five or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and are hereby authorised and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the respective Sheriff's of the respective Counties wherein such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall lie, thereby commanding them respectively to impanel, summon and return, before the said Commissioners, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, a good and sufficient Jury of twenty-four good and lawful Men qualified to serve upon Juries', at the Assizes for the said respective Counties; who upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall have Power to administer) shall inquire into the true and real Value of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and every Part or Parcel thereof, and who rdpe'£li.vcly are the Ovkners and Proprietors thereof, and their respective Estates and Interests therein; and the better to enable the said Jurors to make such Inquiry, the said Commissioners shall, and lawfully may, diredft in such their Warrant or Warrants to the said respective Sheriff's, a View to be taken by six. or more of the said Jurors, of the several Lands in the said respective Counties, at same Time previous to the Meeting of the said Commissioners; and the Sheriffs of the said Counties respectively, upon Receipt of such Warrant or Warrants from the said Commissioners as aforesaid, are hereby required to impanel, summon and return twenty-four good and lawful Men qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes for the said respective Counties, and in the mean. Time to have six or more of the said Jurors so impanelled and sworn,

Commissioners empowered to issue Warrants ro the Sheriffs for impanelling and returning a sufficient Jury.

Jury to be sworn: Their Duty.

Six or more of them may be directed to take a View of the Premises.

Sheriff to impanel and summon a Jury accordingly, c.

yo

nj at the Return or the Warrants, to ucend with his Offi

C 37-

Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

vice of the Summons

t

Sheriffs or Officers nc glccling their Duty in the Prenuffes,

to view the said Lands in their respective Counties; and at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants to attend the said Commissioners, with his Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if neccfi ary, the sum cers, the commissioners, nipns of the Jurors so to be impanelled and returned respectively, upon Oath, which Oath the in order to prove theser said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, hail have Power to ad mini ter to the said Sheriff, and his Bailiffs and Officers, or any or either of them: And in case the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, and his or their Bailiffs and Officers, or any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse, being duly served with such Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners fourteen Days before the Return thereof, to impanel, summon and return such Jury of good and lawful Men as aforesaid, or otherwise refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants, or shall not attend the said Commissioners, with his Bailiffs and Officers, who shall summon the said Jurors, at the Return of such Warrant or war may be fined by thccom rants as aforesaid; and in either of the said Cases, the said Commissioners, or any five or nnhioners m a Sum not more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine on such Sheriff, Bailiffs and of tha«eiof or one°of ficers, or any or either of them, so making Default, not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than same, jurors negiefi ten Pounds for any one Offence; and in case the said Jurors so to be impanelled, summoned and ing their Duty, without returned, or any or either of them, shall neglect or refule to appear at the Return of such Warrant law)ul Excuie, may be or Warrants, and to be sworn for the Purposes aforesaid; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then assembled and met, to impose a Fine upon each and every of the Jurors so impanelled, summoned and returned, and without lawful Excuse, (to be allowed of by the said Commissioners then sitting, or the major Part of them) making Default or refusing to be sworn, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which Fine and Fines so to be imposed and set, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to estreat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of his Majesty.

If a sufficient j'u^/hall

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear not be fount, upon Re upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest, it shall and may be lawful to turn of the Warrant, and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to adjourn the said Inquest to any fu the Commissioners may jure Day, not exeeding fourteen Days, nor less than four Days from the Adjournment thereof, and adjourn the Inquest to jfl ue out their Warrant or Warrants for impanelling, summoning and returning an equal num ceedin " 14! dayynor kfs er f Jurors to those so making Default, who together with the Jurors before returned by the she than iour; and issue riffs of the respective Counties upon such second Warrant or Warrants afterwards to be issued, or their Warrant for sum upon any future Warrant or Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said commissi inoning and returning a oners are hereby authorised to issue and make, from Time to Time, until a sufficient Jury can be !S£SS£ had flu inquire s aforesaid.

J

Twelve deemed a suffi V. Provided always, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest cientjury. aforesaid; and that in case twelve or more (not exceeding twenty-three in the whole) shall appear

u'r mn "ng wor"'and he sworn to take such Inquest, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall continue liuiom Day °°ujy, un ani frorn Day to dayi the Hid Inquest shall be taken; and after the Inquest shall be taken

tii the inqusft is may adjourn to Come future Day for making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

taken; and may then

adjourn to fume future Day for malting their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

sued in like Manner,

in a Sum not exceeding 1 o 1. Fines may be ellreattd into the exihe quer; and levied to the

CVI. And, to the Intent that no Person or Persons may have any Cause or Pretence for not ap c pearing to make out their Claims or '1'itle to the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or O mmiffmners to give qo any or iia>ctl thereof; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five or more of Days Notice, previous to the said Commissioners hall give Notice in Writing thirty Days at least before their Meeting at each their Meeting for the Place, which Writing shall! be affixed at the respective Doors of the Guidhall of the City of canicr i'urposes aiortfa d; the yury, the Townhall of the Borotigli of Lews, and the Townhall of the Borough of Portsmouth, and same to be affixed on t e at t|5c. princjpaj Gates of, and Entrances into the respective Forts and Batteries before mentioned; J^canterbury, tov'^n and Hiall likewise be publi filed in the London Gazette: And if any Person or Persons shall neglect or hail 01 loves and i'ortf refuse to appear, or when he or they shall appear, shall wilfully refuse to show his or their Deeds or n.outh, ard the principal Writings relating to the premilves, that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, Gates and Enhances and the Jurors to be impanelled and sworn upon such Inquest, shall proceed upon the best informa a ^na'ter esb^ fore °rs tin they can ct or have, to make such Inquest, Judgments and Decrees as before directed; and mentioned and published such Judgments and Decrees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and

in the London Gazette. conclusive.

Where Persons refuse 10

apuc.ir, or produce their Evidence, pursuant to such Notice, the Commissioners and Jurors are to proceed upon the best Information they can get; and the Judgments and Decrees thereupon made, are declared to be final and conclusive.

Upon Payment of the Sums decreed to the re speflive Proprietors, the Trustees before mentioned shall be adjudgrd to Hand seized of the pre mill'es, to the Use of the Crown for ever, freed and difih.srged of all Claims, dec.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the ime that Payment shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money so to be agreed for or affcfled by the said Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments herein before mentioned, or to any or either of them, the Trustees herein before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to Hand seized of such Part and Parcel of the said premisses as shall be so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Right, Title, Claim and Demand whatsoever, that can or may be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate. Ecclesiastical or Civil.

A.D. 1762. Anno secundo Georgii III. c. 38. 707

[Commissioners, upon complaint made to them of any Damage done to adjoining lands, by erecting, or completing any of the said works, are to examine into such Complaint, and make and return an Estimate of the Damage.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Complaint of any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any other Lands and Hereditaments adjoining to any Part of the Lands and Hereditaments by this Act vested in the said Trustees, that he, she or they have received any Damage by the erecting or completing of any of the Works thereto belonging, to examine into and hear every such Complaint, and shall make an Estimate of such Damage, and shall return such Estimate with, and in the Manner they are herein before directed to return, the aforesaid Judgments and Decrees.

[No private Buildings to be erected upon any of the Lands vested as aforesaid by this Act; and the profits arising from the said Lands are to be applied towards the Erection and Reperation of the respective Fortifications.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Building or Buildings shall be made or erected upon any of the Lands vested by this Act as aforesaid; that the whole Profits arising or that shall hereafter arise from the said Lands, be and are hereby appropriated and applied for and towards the Erection and Reparation of the respective Fortifications of each Place, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and all and singular the Premises shall be and are hereby enabled and declared to be unalienable from the Crown; neither shall any Part of the Premisses be demised or demisable, otherwise than during Pleasure only.

[The premisses declared to be unalienable from the crown;

X Provided always, That no Commissioner who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; in one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths; or in one other Act made in the Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders and their open and secret Abettors \ or in one other Act made in the Parliament begun and held in the first Year of the Reign of King George the First, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Perfor. and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Prciefonts; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

Commissioners, upon Complaint made to them of any Damage done to adjoining Lands, by erecting or completing any of the said Works, are to examine into such Complaint, and make and return an Estimate of the Damage.

No private Buildings to be erected upon any of the Lands vested as aforesaid by this Act; and the Profits arising from the said Lands are to be applied towards the Erection and Reparation of the respective Fortifications.

The Premises declared to be unalienable from the Crown; and are not demifeable, but during Pleasure. Commissioners exempted from the Penalties of the several Qualification Acts of 25 Car. 2. C 2.

I W. & M C 8.

13 & 14. W. 3. C 6. and 1 Geo. j. C J 3.

---

[The Commissioners are not disqualified, by being such, from sitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void.]

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall not, by reason thereof, in any Sort be disabled or disqualified from sitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby bqcome void; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

[Preamble.]

Commissioners appointed. They are constituted a Court of Requests. Three impowered to hold a Court on Wednesday in every Week. Their first Meeting. Business of other Courts held in the Guild Hall, &c. not to be impeded by their Meetings. Power and Business of the Court. Calling Vote upon any Question where there is an Equality, to lie in the Mayor, senior Alderman, or Commissioner who Hands first on the List. Method of Election of new Commissioners in the Room of such as shall die, or refuse to act. The Order and Rotation in which the Commissioners are to be summoned to attend the Court. Any Commissioner, though not summoned, or Handing in Rotation, may sit and do Business in the Court. Creditors may sue for any Debt under 40s. in the said Court; and on Application to the Clerk, who shall summon the Debtor, upon Proof of Service of the Summons, the Commissioners are to inquire into the Demand, and pass final Judgement thereupon. And in the Course of their Inquiry may administer an Oath to the Witnesses and Officers of the Court. Debtor not appearing. Court may hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff, and pass Judgement thereon, with Costs. Plaintiff not appearing, or being nonsuited; to be awarded to the Defendant. Upon Order of the Court for Payment of Money, Execution is to be awarded against the Body or Goods of the Party. Upon Execution issued against the Body of the Party, the Confinement is not to exceed 3 Months. If the Service, or Effects of the Execution, be prevented or evaded, the Court may award another Execution. Upon the first Default of Payment of any Money decreed to be paid by several Payments, the Court may award Execution for the whole Debt, with further Costs. The Debt and Costs to be marked on the Back of the Precept; and on paying in the same to the Clerk of the Court, before Execution takes Effect, with the Fees due to the respective Officers, &c. Execution is to be superseded. No Person exempted from the Jurisdiction of the Court on account of being an Attorney or Solicitor. Where Execution shall not have its due Effect, through the Neglect or Connivance of the Officer, such Officer is liable to pay the Debt. Commissioners to take the following Oath, to be administered by the Clerk, and registered. John Baxby Gent. constituted Clerk of the Court; with Power to appoint a Deputy. John Mimby appointed Sergeant. Vacancies of Clerk and Sergeant how to be filled up. Fees allowed to the Clerk and

708 C. 38. Anno secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1762.

[Publick Act.]

[Treble Costs.]

[General Issue.]

Sergeant. A Table thereof to be hung up in the Court. Penalty of demanding or taking greater or other Fees, not to exceed 40s. nor be less than 10s. for one Offence; and to be paid to the Treasurer of the Guardians of the Poor. Clerk or Sergeant guilty of notorious Misbehaviour in the Execution of their Offices, the Court may inquire into the same, and certify the Particulars to the Mayor, who shall thereupon summon a general Meeting of the Commissioners, and they may suspend or remove the Delinquent. A Commissioner who is a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the Court, is to withdraw, after being heard, till the same is determined. the Clerk or other Officer, being interested in like Manner, the Court is to appoint another Person to act pro tempore. Persons who shall insult or abuse the Court, while sitting, or any of the Members thereof, going to or from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings, may be punished by Fine or Imprisonment. Where the Fine cannot be levied, the Offender is to be committed. Application of the said Fines. Copy of this Clause to be fixed up in the Court. Action for Debts recoverable in this Court are not to be brought in any other. The Registers of the Court, or true Copies thereof, deemed legal Evidences. Proceedings, &c. not liable to be removed into a superior Court. Specification of Debts, &c. not suable in this Court. Penalty of wilful and corrupt Perjury. The respective Keepers of the Common Gaol and House of Correction are to receive and keep in safe Custody, &c. all Persons committed by order of the Court, on Penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 5l. nor less than 40s. to be levied by Distress and Sale, and to paid and applied as other Fines. No Attorney to be admitted as an Advocate in a Cause; nor to speak in the Court where he is not a Party or Witness, on Penalty of 20l. nor to act as a Commissioner. Witness being duly summoned, refusing to appear and give Evidence, may be fined by the Court, not exceeding 50s. nor less than 10s. to be levied by Distress and Sale, and paid over to the Party injured. No Writ may be sued against any Commissioner or Officer of the Court, for anything done in the Execution of their respective Offices, until they shall have been first served with due Notice thereof. attorney's See for preparing and serving such Notice. Defendant thereupon may tender Amends; and if the same shall be found sufficient, Verdict to be given for the Defendant; if none or insufficient Amends were tendered, &c. Plaintiff to recover Damages and Costs. If Notice as aforesaid has not been given, Defendant to recover. Defendant may also Pay Money into Court, before issue joined. No Evidence to be given on the Trial, but what is contained in the Notice. Limitation of Actions.

The END of the Eighth Volume.

